I am happy to confirm that more than 7,000 businesses have now registered with the UK internal market scheme, of which over 3,000 are businesses that did not benefit from the previous schemes.
All of those businesses can now move their goods free from any costly issues and tariffs.
In the future, businesses registered under the scheme will also be able to avoid completing customs declarations as we continue implementation of the Windsor framework.
Does the Secretary of State accept that for as long as there are customs declarations, physical searches and ID checks for businesses moving goods from Great Britain into Northern Ireland, even in the green lane, the Prime Minister’s view that there is no
“sense of border in the Irish sea”
will ring hollow?
With the greatest respect to my hon.
Friend, I do not accept that.
When we agreed to the Windsor framework, we committed to a certain number of EU laws being maintained in Northern Ireland, which has been of economic benefit to Northern Ireland even up to this point and will continue to be in future.
Pretty much everybody involved in movements across the Irish sea—the businesses involved, including the new businesses using them—believe that they are simple and very straightforward.
I call the DUP leader.
Further to that excellent question from  the hon.
Member for Stoke-on-Trent North (Jonathan Gullis) , our objective is to ensure that Northern Ireland’s place in our biggest market, the United Kingdom, is restored and protected in law.
Will the Secretary of State work with us to ensure that, where goods are moving from Great Britain to Northern Ireland, they are not subject to EU customs processes that are neither necessary nor fair and right?
Save for reasons of animal health and the risk of smuggling, there should not be checks on those goods.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his question, and I very much enjoy working with him on a regular basis to try to achieve the aims he has set out.
We have so far gone a long way in this space with the Windsor framework, but I look forward to continued engagement with him in the next few days, because we do need to find a resolution to these issues that also means we can re-form Stormont and deal with the other domestic issues in Northern Ireland.
I thank the Secretary of State for the additional support that has been provided to businesses affected by flooding in Northern Ireland.
Will he work with us to ensure that, whatever additional support is required for the recovery of towns such as Downpatrick, Newry and Portadown is delivered by Northern Ireland Departments working together with the Northern Ireland Office?
I would like to thank the local councils and the Northern Ireland civil service for the work they have done on this so far.
The flooding, which I know we will talk about a bit later, was extraordinary and so many people were affected who did not expect to be.
Some £15 million has been assigned for that at this point in time, but the right hon.
Gentleman is quite right to say that the consequences of the floods will have ramifications for months and years to come.
Whether he has had discussions with the Northern Ireland Department for the Economy on improving the performance of Northern Irish universities as measured by the  impact rankings.
Northern Ireland has outstanding universities and a high share of its population is educated to degree level.
My ministerial colleagues and I have the pleasure of regularly engaging with Queen’s University Belfast  and Ulster University, and we are proud to promote these institutions in the rest of the UK and internationally.
I have glanced at the rankings to which the hon.
Gentleman refers, and I am looking forward to hearing his further question.