I have listened closely to the persuasive arguments on alcohol duties from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Moray (Douglas Ross)  and my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Dumfriesshire, Clydesdale and Tweeddale (David Mundell) , fierce champions of the Scotch whisky industry.
I have also listened to defenders of the great British pint such as my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Vale of Glamorgan (Alun Cairns)  and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Buckingham (Greg Smith) , to Councillor Jane Austin who is a big supporter of the Jolly Farmer pub in Bramley in my constituency, and indeed to The Sun newspaper.
So as well as confirming our Brexit pubs guarantee, which means the duty on a pint is always lower than in the shops, I have decided to freeze all alcohol duty until  1 August  next year; that means no increase in duty on beer, cider, wine or spirits.
Finally, pensioners.
The triple lock has helped to lift 250,000 older people out of poverty since it was instituted by a Conservative Government in 2011 and has been a lifeline for many during a period of high inflation.
There have been reports that we would uprate it by a lower amount, to smooth out the effect of high public sector bonuses in July, but that would have been particularly difficult for 1 million pensioners whose only income is from the state.
So instead, today we honour our commitment to the triple lock in full.
From April 2024, we will increase the full new state pension by 8.5% to £221.20 a week, worth up to £900 more a year.
That is one of the largest ever cash increases to the state pension, showing that a Conservative Government will always back our pensioners.
Including today’s measures, our total commitment to easing cost of living pressures has risen to £104 billion.
That includes paying around half the cost of the average energy bill since last October and amounts now to an average of £3,700 per household.
We are able to do that only because we reduced the deficit by 80% ahead of the pandemic, which the Labour party might reflect on, having opposed us every step of the way.
Next, I turn to my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister’s pledge to reduce debt.
Before I took difficult decisions at last year’s autumn statement, debt was predicted to rise to almost 100% of GDP by the end of the forecast.
Since then, the economy has outperformed expectations and I have taken difficult decisions to reduce borrowing.
As a result, headline debt is now predicted to be 94% of GDP by the end of the forecast.
The OBR today forecasts that underlying debt will be 91.6% of GDP next year, 92.7% in 2024-25 and 93.2% in 2026-27, before declining in the final two years of the forecast to 92.8% in 2028-29.
That is lower in every year compared with forecasts in the spring.
We therefore meet our fiscal rule to have underlying debt falling as a percentage of GDP in the final year of the forecast, with double the headroom compared with the OBR’s  March forecast.
We will continue to have the second lowest Government debt in the G7—lower than the United States, Canada, France, Italy or Japan.
I turn to borrowing.
The right hon.
Member for Leeds West (Rachel Reeves)  said that when it comes to borrowing, she “will take it up” by £28 billion a year.
Indeed, she has opposed every decision we have made to reduce our borrowing.
The Government will bring borrowing down, because, as the late Lord Lawson said, borrowing is just a deferred tax on future generations.
I see the Leader of the Opposition shaking his head.
In fact, we have something in common: both he and I wanted to make a Jeremy Prime Minister.