I will then call the shadow Chancellor and other hon.
Members to ask questions.
This will follow the usual pattern for a ministerial statement.
At the end of questions on the statement, the Chancellor will be called to move a motion under section 5 of the Provisional Collection of Taxes Act 1968.
The question on that motion must be put without debate.
We will then proceed to a debate on the autumn statement resolutions.
A Minister will move the first of the resolutions and open the debate.
The debate will take place over three days, concluding on Monday.
At the end of the debate on Monday, the question on the first of the resolutions will be disposed of.
The questions on the remaining resolutions will then be taken formally without further debate.
I come today with good news: it is my wife’s birthday and, unlike me, she is looking younger every year.
I turn to the statement.
After a global pandemic and energy crisis, we have taken difficult decisions to put our economy back on track.
We have supported families with rising bills, cut borrowing and halved inflation.
Rather than a recession, the economy has grown.
Rather than falling as predicted, real incomes have risen.
Our plan for the British economy is working, but the work is not done.
Others proposed a more short-term approach, but we have not made unaffordable pay offers to the unions, we have not stopped new oil and gas exploration, and we have not increased borrowing by £28 billion a year.
That would have pushed inflation up just when we need to bring it down.
Instead, under this Prime Minister, we take decisions for the long term.
In today’s autumn statement for growth our choice is not big government, high spending and high tax, because we know that that leads to less growth, not more.
Instead, we reduce debt, cut taxes and reward work.
We deliver world-class education, we build domestic sustainable energy, and we back British business with 110 growth measures.
Do not worry; I am not going to go through them all—[Interruption.]
Well, I will if you like!
In summary, they remove planning red tape, speed up access to the national grid, support entrepreneurs raising capital, get behind our fastest-growing industries, unlock foreign direct investment, boost productivity, reform welfare, level up opportunity to every corner of the country, and cut business taxes.
The Office for Budget Responsibility says that the combined impact of these measures will raise business investment, get more people into work, reduce inflation next year and increase GDP, but Conservatives also know that a dynamic economy depends on the energy and enterprise of people more than any diktats or decisions by Ministers, so today’s measures do not just remove barriers to investment; they reward effort and work.
I will go through the measures in three parts.
In the first, I will use updated OBR forecasts to show the  progress that we are making against the Prime Minister’s economic priorities.
The second part will set out growth measures to back British business.
Finally, I will conclude with measures to make work pay.
Before I start with the forecasts, I want to express my horror at the murderous attack on Israeli citizens on  7 October  and the subsequent loss of life on both sides.
I will remember for the rest of my life, as I know many other hon.
Members will, being taken to Auschwitz by the Rabbi Barry Marcus and the remarkable Holocaust Educational Trust.
I am deeply concerned about the rise of antisemitism in our country, so I am announcing up to £7 million over the next three years for organisations such as the Holocaust Educational Trust to tackle antisemitism in schools and universities.
I will also repeat the £3 million uplift to the Community Security Trust.
When it comes to antisemitism and all forms of racism, we must never allow the clock to be turned back.