It is absolutely right that that process is followed.
I look forward to providing my own evidence in the coming weeks and addressing all these questions.
It was the case that the Government took advice from scientific advisers and that is exactly what the inquiry will go over.
Since I recently shared my experience of birth trauma in this Chamber, I have been inundated by mums writing to me from across the UK to share their stories.
Last week, I received an email from a Staffordshire mother who would like me to raise her concerns about Royal Stoke University Hospital.
She also experienced birth trauma and has been told that the hospital will not be able to investigate her concerns because of the time that has elapsed.
It is not acceptable that my constituents are not having complaints investigated by my local hospital, so will the Prime Minister urgently meet me to discuss this and will he include birth trauma in the refreshed update to the women’s health strategy?
We must do better to provide aftercare to all mothers in this country.
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this important issue and for continuing to be a fantastic campaigner on birth trauma.
I am pleased that the first ever debate in Parliament on birth trauma was held recently, in October.
It was powerful and moving, and it highlighted the significant impact that birth trauma can have on so many women’s lives.
The Department of Health and Social Care is working with NHS England to make sure we improve maternity care and related mental healthcare.
I will ensure the Health Secretary meets with my hon.
Friend so that we can get this right for all the women who are depending on it.
In the last 13 years, the six oil and gas licensing rounds by the Tories have produced 16 days-worth of oil and gas for the UK.
Will the Prime Minister explain how doubling the number of licensing rounds will have any impact on the insanely high energy bills my constituents are facing?
If he cared about energy security, jobs or the environment, he would surely be better matching the Scottish Government’s £500 million investment in a just transition and providing a £400 rebate to bill payers.
It is not £500 million; we are investing tens of billions of pounds in energy transition, not least for things such as carbon capture and storage, in which the North sea can play a starring role.
The hon.
Lady is just completely wrong.
In order to have energy security, it is right to exploit the resources that we have here at home.
Even the independent Climate Change Committee projects that we will still need oil and gas as we make the transition and in decades’ time, so the question for the hon.
Lady is: are we better off getting that here at home, supporting Scottish jobs and businesses, or are we better off putting that money in the hands of foreign dictators and shipping it here with two or three times the carbon emissions?
Today, I am hosting—here in the House of Commons—14 Ukrainian teenage children whose parents have been and are fighting the Russians in Ukraine.
Six of them have been orphaned.
They are up in the Public Gallery, but they will also be in the Inter-Parliamentary Union room from 1 pm till 2.30 pm this afternoon.
I know that it is a busy and important day, but all colleagues are welcome to drop by if they are able to do so.
Will the Prime Minister join me in paying tribute to the parents of these children and take this opportunity to reiterate our steadfast support for the people of Ukraine in their fight for their independence, their freedom and their nation’s survival?
I do join my hon.
Friend in paying tribute to the parents of these children and many others.