741, c. 7MC.]
I call the shadow Minister.
Following on from that question, communities across Northern Ireland are angry about the Government’s decision to exclude them from the latest round of levelling-up funding.
The Government have said that is because Stormont is not sitting, but that is a poor excuse, because round 2 funding was allocated to 10 projects in Northern Ireland in January this year, when the Executive were also not in place.
Only £120 million of the pot of £5 billion has been allocated to Northern Ireland so far.
There is a huge additional need in communities, but millions is being held back, as the Minister has just said.
Will the Secretary of State commit to reversing this unjust decision with immediate effect?
The hon.
Lady makes her point with great force but, as I just said to my right hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for South Swindon (Sir Robert Buckland) , the money will be spent in Northern Ireland.
We are keen to work with Northern Ireland Ministers to that effect.
When it comes to the overall level of money required, the hon.
Lady will know that we have just put more than £700 million into PEACEPLUS, which will help support Northern Ireland.
The reality is that we are working hard to ensure that Northern Ireland has the funding it needs, but in order to sort out the problems that Northern Ireland faces, we need a restored Executive and, I am afraid, revenue raising.
We need to be working with Northern Ireland Ministers to make sure that we get the public service reform that is so urgently needed.
I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
May I associate myself with the Secretary of State’s remarks on the anniversary of the Birmingham pub bombings?
Our thoughts continue to be with all who are affected by that tragedy to this day.
The UK Government, as we have just heard, are holding back levelling-up funding for Northern Ireland, ostensibly because of the lack of a functioning Executive.
However, the UK Government are seemingly content to bypass the views of the Governments in place in Edinburgh and Cardiff in allocating levelling-up funding.
Is the point of consistency not about a desire to level up, but just that there is a shortage of Conservative MPs in Northern Ireland who need to shore up their re-election prospects with public cash?
It is easy to throw out a cheap political line like that, but as the hon.
Member has heard me say to my right hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for South Swindon (Sir Robert Buckland)  and  the hon.
Member for Putney (Fleur Anderson) , the reality is that that levelling up money will be spent in Northern Ireland.
I can certainly assure him that none of that money has appeared in my marginal seat of Wycombe—even though the whole House will know it is undoubtedly the most deserving and most beautiful constituency in the nation.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of the funding for flood recovery in Northern Ireland announced on 8 November 2023.
The floods have seen devastating consequences for businesses and households, so the Government have worked hard to come forward with a substantial package that is consistent with our approach across the UK.
In the absence of an Executive, we are making up to £15 million of support available through the reallocation of existing Northern Ireland funding.
We have worked closely with colleagues in the Northern Ireland civil service and the Treasury to ensure that the Northern Ireland civil service and local councils can provide affected businesses with the support they need.
I thank the Minister for that response.
He will know that there are real concerns about whether that funding is adequate—I think he will hear about that in a moment—but can I ask about future adaptation and prevention?