Just weeks after I became Prime Minister, we injected record funding into the NHS and social care.
We also unveiled the first ever long-term workforce plan in the 75-year history of the NHS.
However, I am pleased that the right hon.
and learned Gentleman mentioned the five pledges, because as he knows, three of them are economic, and on a day on which we will focus on the economy, I am happy to report that we have indeed halved inflation—no thanks to the Labour party—that we have indeed grown the economy, and that we have indeed reduced debt.
That is a Conservative Government delivering for this country.
The reason the Prime Minister ignored the NHS, not only in his new pledges but just now, is that 7.8 million people are currently on the waiting lists.
That is half a million more than when he pledged to bring them down nearly a year ago.
The Prime Minister has just claimed that this is all about economic growth, so let me ask him this: if a labourer or a care worker is forced to wait a year for an operation, how are they meant to help grow the economy?
We are doing an enormous amount to bring waiting lists down.
We are expanding patient choice and rolling out new community diagnostic centres and surgical hubs, as well as putting more doctors and nurses on our wards.
When the right hon.
and learned Gentleman talks about targets and waiting lists, I just hope that the Welsh Labour Government are not listening, because after 25 years in power, they are missing every single one of his targets.
Were they not meant to be his blueprint?
More than double the entire population of Wales are currently on a waiting list in England.
The Prime Minister really needs to take some responsibility.
On his watch, 2.5 million people are too sick to work,  with the majority also suffering from mental health issues, and that is on top of his failures on waiting lists.
Can he tell us how many people are waiting for mental health treatment?
We have injected record sums to expand the number of mental health treatments in our country.
I have talked about the practical things we are doing, with community diagnostic centres and surgical hubs, but the right hon.
and learned Gentleman also does not seem to realise that the union action, which he fails to condemn, and which his Members of Parliament support from the picket lines, has led to several hundred thousand cancelled appointments, all making waiting lists worse.
He asked about Wales, and we can look at it.
In Wales, more than 70,000 people are waiting longer than 18 months for treatment, whereas in England, thanks to our efforts, we have virtually eliminated 18-month waits.
That is the difference between us: he wants to play politics, and we get things done.
So raising the waiting lists by half a million is getting things done.
It is “Through the Looking-Glass”, this one.
I asked the Prime Minister how many people were waiting for mental health treatment.
He knows the answer; he just does not want to give it.
The answer is 1.2 million, and 200,000 are children.
Some are waiting nearly two years to be seen.
Would the Prime Minister accept delays of that kind if it were one of his family or friends?
One of the key things that we are doing to bring down waiting lists is expand access to patient choice.
It is a very straightforward idea to make sure that patients can choose where they are treated, and in that way we will bring down waiting lists for mental health and other treatments far faster.
The Labour party’s policy on this is a total and utter mess.
First the right hon.