Gentleman makes an important point about ensuring that placements are available.
I am happy to ensure that he has a discussion with the Minister for Skills to make sure we address his concerns about hospitality.
Alderman Tooling in my constituency is one of thousands of employers now investing in the talent of tomorrow.
In five years’ time, does the Secretary of State expect the number of apprentices to be higher or lower than today?
I pay tribute to all the businesses across our country that are providing high-quality skills training and apprenticeship starts.
However, apprenticeship starts for the under-25s fell by 38% in the period 2015-16 to 2022-23.
It will fall to this Labour Government to turn that around.
I call Calvin Bailey.
Apologies, Madam Deputy Speaker; I was not expecting to be called so soon.
I thank the Secretary of State for her focus on T-levels and her recognition of the need for a pause.
I back up what my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wolverhampton North East (Mrs Brackenridge)  said about the botched nature of the T-level roll-out.
Does the Secretary of State recognise that it is a challenge for many services, such as the NHS, to absorb T-level students effectively?
Those qualifications need truly to give our young people the opportunities they deserve.
Will she meet me and local further education experts to discuss this issue?
If Members are bobbing, they should be prepared to be called to speak.
Yes, I would be very happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
In this period of review, we are speaking to employers, training providers and colleges to ensure that we get this right.
I call Jim Shannon to show us how it is done.
I thank the Minister for her response to those questions.
I know that she does not have direct responsibility for Northern Ireland, but may I ask her about apprenticeships?
In defence and cyber-security—in Thales and Spirit AeroSystems—and in agrifood, opportunities should be there for young ladies as well as for young men.
What is being done to ensure that there is equality of opportunity for everyone, both male and female?
The hon.
Gentleman makes an important point about ensuring that people from a range of different backgrounds, including young women, see the opportunities that exist.
I have had the opportunity to meet my counterparts in Northern Ireland and I look forward to working with them to ensure that, across the UK, we can drive forward on skills, growth and opportunities for all our young people.
What steps she plans to take to reform children’s social care.
Reforming children’s social care is critical to delivering our opportunity mission, to ensure that a child or young person’s background does not limit their ambition.
The children’s wellbeing Bill will remove barriers to opportunity and deliver the manifesto commitments on children’s social care, so that all children have a chance to thrive in safe, loving homes.
I thank the Minister for her answer.
It is just over two years since I published the independent review of children’s social care, which was commissioned by the previous Government.
The review called for a radical reset of the whole children’s social care system, which was urgently needed, and the previous Government took some modest steps down that track but failed to realise the potential.
Since the election, a number of the children, families and care-experienced adults who were involved in the review have been in touch with me to share their hopes that we will be able to deliver on the ambition of the review.
Do the Government intend to prioritise the resources that will be needed to implement the review in the upcoming spending review?
I thank my hon.
Friend for the work he did on the independent review of children’s social care, which this Government are considering as part of our reform programme.