Well, 25 years later, I can now rightly take my place on the famous green Benches, so some dreams do come true.
As the son of a trade union official, I suspect I was always going to end up in a role where I could speak truth to power.
I thank my father, Raymond, for instilling in me a sense of fairness and a belief that we can make change happen.
My mother, Geraldine, and step-father, Colin, have supported me in every election I have stood in—I thank them for being there for me, keeping me honest and reminding me that it is nice to be important, but it is more important to be nice.
Thank you for the opportunity to address the House, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I thank the hon.
Members who have already spoken today, whether about falling foul of a wasp, what levers to pull—I can certainly empathise with that—or genuine courage, which we can all agree is absolutely necessary in this House.
I thank them all for their words.
I start by thanking my predecessor, Stephen Metcalfe.
I extend to him my gratitude, not least for his gentlemanly conduct throughout the campaign.
He was gracious and dignified throughout, so it is easy to understand why he was, as far as a politician might expect, well liked by both MPs and constituents.
As we navigate life’s milestones, it is natural to become philosophical.
First and foremost, I am a husband and a father.
While no professional achievement rivals the significance of personal events such as childbirth, being given the tremendous opportunity to serve our country and constituents, those in need and, if we do our jobs right, those whom we can help to avoid need altogether, comes close.
Speaking of fatherhood and childbirth, I draw hon.
Members’ attention to the tremendous work done by the Basildon university hospital, a place where miracles are commonplace.
It is the place where my children were born and where, at one time or another, virtually everyone I love has been nursed back to health.
I extend my heartfelt appreciation, admiration and respect to everyone who works there.
Since its inception as a constituency, people in South Basildon and East Thurrock had always voted blue, until they chose turquoise for the first time this July.
To stand here today, I had to overcome a previous winning margin of 19,922.
My own winning margin was less dominant: it was one of the tightest in the country, at just 98 votes.
A swing that large is strong testament to the importance of listening to the people who put us here—all of them.
That is a lesson I will not forget.
It goes without saying that I did not achieve that swing alone.
Although I would like to think that my efforts, and those of my mother, who marched tirelessly next to me, handing out fliers in the baking June sun, earned me the 100 or so votes that got me over the line, the vast majority of that shift was carried by my colleagues and fellow Reform UK MPs.
Their tireless championing  of the British people is something we should stive to emulate.
I am extremely grateful to them.
Although, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  has said, this has ruined my life, I would not have it any other way.
I am eternally grateful to the good people of South Basildon and East Thurrock for sending me here.
I intend to repay their trust by being open and honest, accessible and available.
Never has it been more important to reconfirm that they have the right to a voice.
It is my duty to hear it and protect their right to it.