Will the Minister meet me to discuss how Devon’s school children are missing out, particularly those living in the most deprived areas?
I recognise the concerns the hon.
Lady raises.
The Government intend to take time to consider the various funding formulas the Department and local authorities currently use to allocate funding for schools.
It is really important that we have a fair education funding system that directs funding to where it is needed, and I would be happy to meet her to discuss the particular challenges in her area.
The Steiner school in my constituency, with its nurturing and therapeutic pedagogy, is most challenged by the VAT policy, yet it enables many children who have anxiety or who would otherwise not be in education to access school.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss my report on the impact of the VAT policy and find ways to keep this school open and the children in education?
We expect that private schools will want to continue to demonstrate wider public benefit through the provision of means-tested bursaries and partnerships with state-funded schools after the changes are made.
As this is a taxation matter, His Majesty’s Treasury is leading the implementation of the policy.
It published a technical note about the proposed changes on  29 July  and will confirm its plans at Budget.
I encourage all private schools to engage with that process, and I would happily meet my hon.
Friend to discuss her report.
I draw the attention of the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests, as I am still a South Gloucestershire councillor.
As last Thursday’s packed debate showed, children with SEND are being let down.
Many local authorities are currently locked into safety valve agreements with the Department for Education, which were put into place pre-pandemic and contain unrealistic targets that no longer reflect the situation on the ground.
Will the Secretary of State review those agreements, and meet me and local leaders to discuss the situation in South Gloucestershire?
The hon.
Lady raises a concern that many have raised.
She will have seen the level of concern at the special educational needs inheritance that this Government have taken on.
Current safety  valve agreements will continue to operate, as they are agreed, but we will look at their use going forward.
I would be happy to meet her to discuss the particular challenges in her area.
May I take this opportunity to welcome my right hon.
Friend to her place, and to welcome students across Stratford and Bow back to school as they start their new term?
The Secretary of State understands as well as I do the struggles some parents have in getting their children back to school, especially those with mental health and special educational needs.
Will she outline what steps she is taking to ensure that school really is the best place for every child?
I recognise the important point that my hon.
Friend raises.
Many parents are doing everything they can, often in very challenging circumstances, to support their children into school.
For my part, I can assure her that this Government will do everything we can to make sure children find welcoming, safe environments at school, with better mental health support, breakfast clubs in our primary schools, a broader, richer curriculum, and more support around SEND in mainstream settings.
There were reports in the press a couple of weeks ago that the Secretary of State took meetings with teaching unions who made the argument that multiplication times tables should be taken off the national curriculum.
Given our stratospheric success in PISA—programme for international student assessment—numeracy ratings, thanks to changes introduced by the Conservative Government, can she give us a 100% cast-iron guarantee that she will not dumb down the curriculum in this country and will not take times tables off the national curriculum?
I would caution the hon.