Gentleman that reassurance.
We looked very carefully and very closely at the way in which the legislation was going to operate.
I want to ensure that we have good, strong, workable legislation.
I was concerned about what I had heard from Jewish groups and other minority communities about the unintended consequences that might follow from the legislation.
That is why I paused commencement, with a view to getting this right, ensuring that we protect academic freedom while avoiding a situation where hate speech is allowed to flourish on campus.
I congratulate the Secretary of State on taking the hard decisions that are needed in Government, and I am very pleased to hear that no options are off the table.
What reassurances can she give me and other women that she will protect female academics, such as Jo Phoenix, Kathleen Stock and Selina Todd, from being bullied and hounded out of successful university careers?
Like my hon.
Friend, I take having strong freedom of expression in our universities, and students being exposed to a range of views—some of which they might find difficult or disagree with—extremely seriously.
That is why it is so important to have a wide-ranging education.
Officials will ensure that we engage with a wide range of views in this important area as we look at next steps, and I would be more than happy to discuss that in more detail with her.
I call the shadow Minister.
I welcome the Secretary of State to her place.
The Higher Education (Freedom of Speech) Act 2023 would have ensured that universities in England had the tools they needed to deal with interference and threats to freedom of speech and academic freedom, wherever they originated.
Now that the Government will no longer implement that Act, will she clarify her alternative plans to protect academic freedom in the higher education sector?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that freedom of expression and academic freedom are incredibly important.
The Office for Students sets out duties, and many of those principles are already enshrined in law.
However, I want to ensure that we get this right.
I am confident that he would not have wanted to be in a position where the Act opened up the potential for hate speech, including Holocaust denial, to be spread on campus—something that the Minister in the previous Government was unable to rule out.
What information her Department holds on the number of private schools that closed in England between 11 May 2010 and 5 July 2024.
Excluding private special schools, around 50 private schools close each year.
There are a range of reasons for closure, including financial viability and departmental action where schools are not meeting required standards.
Some 1,102 private schools closed between  11 May 2010  and  5 July 2024 .
It is also worth noting that the number of pupils in private schools increased in 2023-24, and that there has been a net increase of 13 private schools over that period.
St Joseph’s preparatory school, a small fee-paying independent school in Stoke-on-Trent, announced that it is closing its doors at the end of this year after a period of financial viability questions.
What support will the Department offer the city council and parents in Stoke-on-Trent to ensure that those children can still access first-class education?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question and welcome him back to this place.
He is a tireless champion for children in his constituency and regularly speaks up on local schools.
I am aware of the situation at St Joseph’s preparatory school.
Private schools are of course businesses that are responsible for their own finances, but the Department stands ready to assist.
The Government are committed to high and rising standards in schools, and I hope that we can work together to achieve that.