Will he meet me to discuss the future of buses in York?
The Chairman of Ways and Means took the Chair as Deputy Speaker (Order,  5 September , and  Standing Order No.
3 ).
Before we begin today’s business, I remind Members that the deadline for submitting nominations and any supporting statements for the Select Committee Chair elections is 4 pm today.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps she is taking to ensure the adequacy of the provision of level 3 vocational pathways for students.
What steps she is taking to ensure the adequacy of the provision of level 3 vocational pathways for students.
Qualifications must deliver on our missions, enhancing and spreading opportunity, and growing our economy.
The last Conservative Government botched the roll-out of T-levels and defunded them.
That is why this Labour Government have announced a pause and review of qualifications reforms, to support skills growth and students, and to bring certainty where there has been chaos.[Official Report,  7 October 2024 ; Vol.
754, c. 1WC.] (
Correction) This short, focused review, along with other measures, such as the curriculum assessment review and the creation of Skills England, will allow the Government to improve skills training, unlock opportunity and harness talent.
There are a great many opportunities for technicians and engineers, which will only increase with the Government’s plans for clean energy and their industrial strategy.
However, we are currently short of intermediate and advanced-level skilled workers in this country, so will the Secretary of State tell us how her plans will ensure that more young people make the most of those opportunities, and how our education system will deliver the qualifications they need?
I know how passionate my hon.
Friend is about ensuring that young people in Sefton and across our country are able to seize the new opportunities of the future.
We are determined to drive forward and make Britain a clean energy superpower.
Our reformed growth and skills levy will give businesses greater flexibility and enable them to take on more young apprentices.
Skills England will allow us to identify the skills gaps in every corner of our country and ensure that we drive forward on that mission.
As a former deputy headteacher, I have seen at first hand the impact of the previous Government’s rushed plans to eliminate most BTec qualifications, in the midst of a botched roll-out of T-levels.
How does my right hon.
Friend intend to fix the mess that she has inherited and ensure that the diverse aspirations and varied talents of students in Wolverhampton North East are met?
Given her background in education, my hon.
Friend knows all too well how important it is that all our young people have the opportunity to achieve and thrive.
She is right that we inherited a big mess, but we have acted swiftly and we are conducting a focused, intense review to ensure that all our young people have options that are available to them and we make a success of T-levels.
The Secretary of State is absolutely right that the previous Government botched the roll-out of T-levels.
In particular, the failure to deliver the T-level in hospitality and tourism was a huge blow to our communities in the lakes and dales.
Her predecessor said that was caused by a failure to gain placements in the tourism and hospitality industry.
Surely that is surmountable, so what plans does she have to talk to the hospitality and tourism industry in order to deliver the T-level to communities like mine very soon?
The hon.
Gentleman makes an important point about ensuring that placements are available.
I am happy to ensure that he has a discussion with the Minister for Skills to make sure we address his concerns about hospitality.
Alderman Tooling in my constituency is one of thousands of employers now investing in the talent of tomorrow.