Does the Minister agree that, by putting a mental health professional into every primary and secondary school, we could help end the youth mental health crisis?
I thank the hon.
Member for her question and sincere concern about the mental health of children and young people.
This Government are committed to improving mental health and wellbeing support for all children and young people.
It is vital that the right support is available to every young person who needs it.
That is why we will provide access to specialist mental health provision professionals in every school.
As I have already mentioned in the House a number of times, I am a former teacher, I am married to a current teacher and most of my friends are teachers—[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”]
She’ll be pleased with that.
The mental health of teachers after the last 14 years is at rock bottom.
What steps will the Department take to support not just the mental health and wellbeing of our students, which is really important, but the mental health and wellbeing of our teachers?
I thank my hon.
Friend for making it extremely clear that he is a teacher and has teachers within his network.
He is right to mention the welfare and wellbeing of professionals and of teachers.
I would like to offer him a meeting with an Education Minister to discuss that further.
Every year in the UK, hundreds of teenagers take their own lives—children as young as 12, like Riley Townsend in the constituency of Ashfield, who took his own life just a few weeks ago because of mental health problems.
What more can we do to support our young people through the social care and education systems to stop this epidemic?
I thank the hon.
Member for highlighting that very serious concern.
Student suicide is serious and a concerning matter.
In the academic year ending 2020, the suicide rate for higher education students in England and Wales was lower than in the general population of the same age group.
However, every suicide is tragic and suicide expert Sir Louis Appleby is overseeing the national review of higher education suicides to learn more to prevent suicides.
It has seen excellent engagement from the sector and will report on that.
Last year, there was a 38% increase in the number of CAMHS referrals in Birmingham, while also a sharp fall in the number of young people seen within six months of a referral.
Does the Minister agree that we need much more preventive support in schools, and closer working between education and health bodies?
My hon.
Friend is right.
This Government have committed to recruiting 8,500 additional staff across children and adult NHS mental health services.
That will help to reduce delays, provide faster treatment and ease pressure on busy mental health services.
Family hubs are also crucial to providing that.
I call the shadow Minister.
The previous Conservative Government introduced mental health support teams in schools, and the impact of the covid-19 pandemic is still being felt by students, particularly regarding mental health.
Will the Secretary of State commit to continuing those mental health support teams to ensure that students can access the mental health care that they need?
I thank the shadow Minister for his question.
As I have already outlined, this Government are committed to improving the mental health and wellbeing  of children and young people, and we will provide access to specialist mental health professionals in every school.
What steps she is taking to recruit more teachers.
What steps she is taking to recruit more teachers.
As a first step in our mission to break down barriers to opportunity, we will recruit 6,500 additional teachers.
We have kickstarted the recruitment campaigns, and made a 5.5% pay award, resetting the relationship with the education workforce.
We will re-establish teaching as an attractive expert profession after years of damage under the previous Government.