I am aware of the situation at St Joseph’s preparatory school.
Private schools are of course businesses that are responsible for their own finances, but the Department stands ready to assist.
The Government are committed to high and rising standards in schools, and I hope that we can work together to achieve that.
Malvern college, Malvern St James girls’ school, Bredon school and other schools in West Worcestershire that offer places to children with special educational needs not only play an important role in our education system, but support the local economy.
Will the Minister state that he does not want to see the closure of any of those important independent schools in West Worcestershire?
This Government’s ambition is that all children and young people with SEND receive the right support to succeed in their education as they move into adult life.
We are committed to taking a community-wide approach, improving inclusivity and expertise in mainstream schools, and ensuring that special schools cater to those with the most complex needs.
Children whose places in private school have been deemed necessary by the local authority will not be affected by the tax changes.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
At the start of the new term, we all wish everybody well for the academic year ahead.
What will Ministers say next September to parents who, because of Labour’s education tax, find that class sizes are bigger and more schools are full, and that fewer children are able to get a place in their first-choice school in Bristol, Bury, Salford or Surrey?
I welcome the right hon.
Member to his place, and I very much look forward to working with him to ensure that every child gets the best start in life.
The number of children in private schools has remained steady despite a 20% real-terms increase in average private school fees since 2010, and an increase of 55% since 2003.
We cannot predict closures, but we will use indicators such as occupancy to monitor that.
My Department works with local authorities to help them to fulfil their duty to secure places.
Whether her Department is taking steps to create degree-level apprenticeships in critical minerals industries.
This Government will unleash the green skills we need to make Britain a clean energy superpower and spread sustainable economic growth across the country.
Businesses can already benefit from the level 6 mine management degree apprenticeship and we are establishing Skills England, which will work across the country and across the Government with employers, local partners, unions and other experts to ensure that we have the highly trained workforce that England needs.
In Cornwall, apprenticeships in the critical minerals industry are so important, creating great work for the next generation, fostering innovation and supercharging our mission for clean energy.
Will the Secretary of State outline what steps are being taken to expand our investment in these apprenticeships and meet the growing skills demand in that industry?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point about the importance of apprenticeships and skills in creating local opportunities and national prosperity.
Skills England will work with employers and other partners to identify the skills needs of the next decade, and ensure that the training needed for those skills, including apprenticeships, is accessible through the growth and skills levy.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the provision of SEND services.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the provision of SEND services.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the provision of SEND services.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the provision of SEND services.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the provision of SEND services.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the provision of SEND services.
The Conservatives left a trail of devastation across education, and nowhere is that clearer than in our current special educational needs and disabilities system.