I am very sorry to hear about the experience of her constituent, and I am sure my hon.
Friend the Minister for School Standards will be happy to meet her or to look into that further to see if any action can be taken to support the family.
In Leicestershire, special educational needs has been a real problem that I have seen in my constituency.
The last Government made it one of the trailblazers to come together and trial some of the new things that could be done in special educational needs, and we started to see some progress in that.
Will the Secretary of State meet me and the other Leicestershire MPs to discuss how we can take that forward, so we can get better provision for Hinckley and Bosworth and for Leicestershire?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to draw attention to any emerging evidence that shows new ways of doing things.
As a new Government, we are keen to do precisely what he describes to make sure, particularly when it comes to a better join-up between health and education, that we see faster improvement.
I would be happy to meet him and Leicestershire colleagues, although my hon.
Friend the Minister might be able to step in.
Too many Eastbourne parents, my mum included, are forced to relentlessly fight to get their children into the school that can best meet their children’s special educational needs.
That is so often down to a lack of funding, so will the Secretary of State commit to meeting Eastbourne families, Eastbourne school leaders and me to hear  about the SEND landscape locally, and provide the funding that local children with special educational needs need and deserve?
The hon.
Member is right in his characterisation of a system that is adversarial and where so many parents have to fight to get a good education and support for their children.
I would be happy to do so, or perhaps my hon.
Friend the Minister might take that meeting.
I call the shadow Minister.
It was in response to growing demand that the last Conservative Government increased the high-needs budget to £10.5 billion and put in place a statutory override so that SEND-related deficits did not overwhelm council budgets.
With that set to expire in 2026, what is the Secretary of State’s message to local authorities: is she pushing the Chancellor to extend that protection or for deficits to be written off?
I am genuinely surprised that the hon.
Gentleman thinks that question is a source of strength.
It represents significant failure over 14 years that we have ended up in such a desperate position facing our councils.
We will of course look closely at all of this but, after 14 years when he will have heard that families have been terribly let down by the last Government, a period of reflection on his part might be in hand.
What steps her Department is taking to support the mental health and wellbeing of students.
This Government are breaking down barriers to opportunity by providing young people with the mental health support they need.
The Office for Students is providing universities with £15 million this year to improve their mental health and wellbeing support.
Our further education student support champion, Polly Harrow, is driving a strategic approach to supporting mental health for further education students.
I thank the Minister for her answer.
The Children’s Society has found that British 15-year-olds are the unhappiest in Europe, and school absences are at record levels, often due to poor mental health or inadequate support for special educational needs.
Early intervention is key to tackling mental health issues among our children.
Does the Minister agree that, by putting a mental health professional into every primary and secondary school, we could help end the youth mental health crisis?
I thank the hon.
Member for her question and sincere concern about the mental health of children and young people.