This is about the opportunities of young people in this country, and we take the issues that she outlines incredibly seriously.
We will continue to do what we can within the fiscal envelope that we have, and within the system that we have inherited.
That is why we honoured the recommendations of the STRB review, and we will continue to do what we can in FE.
What steps she is taking to help improve educational outcomes for (a) children in social care and (b) other care-experienced young people.
I thank my hon.
Friend for all the work that she has done in standing up for children in social care in recent years.
We will champion the ambitions of all children and ensure that background is no barrier to success.
In our children’s wellbeing Bill, we will set out our plans to raise standards for all children in social care and will ensure that they are supported to thrive.
The drop-out rate from university for care-experienced students is 38%, compared with just 6% for non-care-experienced young people.
As thousands of students are arriving at university for the first time this week, what steps is the Minister taking to ensure that there is a consistent package of support for care-experienced students at every university to help them overcome the barriers that they too often face, and to ensure that university is a place where they feel welcome and can thrive?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question and the passion with which it was delivered.
I recently spoke to members of a children and young people’s advisory group, who told me about some of the challenges they face at university.
In some cases, they had not even been informed about the option of university, which is quite shocking.
We are committed to providing the best university experience for care leavers.
Access to higher education should be based on ability and attainment, not background, but too many children across our country do not get the chance to succeed.
The previous Government could have done much more.
We will act to address the persistent gaps when it comes to access and positive outcomes for care-experienced young people.
We have issued guidance to universities on supporting care-experienced young people and introduced statutory financial support, including a £2,000 bursary, but after the last 14 years, there is still so much more to do.
When she plans to bring forward the children’s wellbeing Bill.
The children’s wellbeing Bill will be introduced as soon as parliamentary time allows.
The Bill aims to put children and their wellbeing at the centre of the education and children’s social care systems, and to ensure that every child has a fulfilling childhood, enabling them to succeed and thrive.
I know from visiting schools in my Walton constituency that some of the most difficult challenges that teachers face often come from the difficult socioeconomic challenges of the area spilling over into schools, so I welcome the Government’s focus on children’s wellbeing.
Most important to my constituents will be the roll-out of free breakfast clubs.
Could the Minister tell me a little bit about how and when they will be rolled out?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
Breakfast clubs are about more than just food: they provide opportunities for children to play, to learn and to socialise at the start of the school day.
The Government are giving parents more choice in childcare, and are supporting families with the cost of living crisis.
Our plans for breakfast clubs will remove barriers to opportunity by ensuring that every child of primary school age, no matter their circumstances, is well prepared for school.
We are moving on to topicals; the questions will be short, and the ministerial responses will be snappy.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.