It is easy to support it in principle, but it is very hard to find a way of delivering it in practice.
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for his question, and will make sure that officials engage with him on that point.
If there is anything further he would like to share, I will happily look at it.
He is right: this is a difficult area, and we need to make sure we get it right.
I am determined to deliver a system where all children and young people have every chance and opportunity.
Particularly when it comes to SEND support, we will have to work across the House to get to a much stronger and better position for our children and families.
What is the Secretary of State going to do about the capacity crisis that is rapidly emerging as tens of thousands of children are being forced out of independent schools by this Government’s deeply misguided VAT policy?
I have a list of 20 schools in Buckinghamshire with no places whatsoever, and Bristol city council is considering buying places from an independent school to put back in that school, at taxpayers’ expense, a child who recently left that school at the parents’ expense.
We were elected on a manifesto of driving high and rising standards in our state schools.
The public back our policy.
We think it is right that we prioritise investment in our state schools where the vast majority of our children go to school, including the vast majority of children in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency.
I suggest that he spends a bit more time thinking about their interests.
I welcome the Secretary of State’s commitment to improve the provision of SEND services in schools, but does she recognise that many ordinary, hard-working families make extraordinary efforts to find provision ahead of a formal assessment in independent schools as well?
Will she commit to  making an assessment of what levels of provision currently exist within the independent sector to satisfy special educational needs, because it will be material to the solution she will need to develop?
As the Under-Secretary of State for Education, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Portsmouth South (Stephen Morgan) , has set out, we will make sure that, where children have an education, health and care plan, the VAT on fees policy change will not affect those children.
I recognise the point the right hon.
Member makes and I believe that parents have a right to choose where their children go to school, but the vast majority of parents in our country who send their children to state school are also ambitious and aspirational for their children.
Maria, in my constituency, has a son who was in a specialist placement, and in October last year that school said it could no longer meet his need.
Since then, he has not been back in full-time education, while another headteacher keeps telling me that special needs provision in Shropshire is decades behind elsewhere in the country.
If the Secretary of State aspires for all children in the country to have their special needs met, how is she going to ensure that happens in places that are struggling so much with funding, such as Shropshire?
I recognise the challenge the hon.
Lady sets out, and part of it is making sure that our mainstream schools are better able to cater for children with a wide range of needs.
I am very sorry to hear about the experience of her constituent, and I am sure my hon.
Friend the Minister for School Standards will be happy to meet her or to look into that further to see if any action can be taken to support the family.
In Leicestershire, special educational needs has been a real problem that I have seen in my constituency.