We are committed to improving the condition of the estate through the Department’s annual funding, continuing the school rebuilding programme and fixing the problems caused by reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete.
At the start of the new school year, may I wish all teachers, school staff and children in my constituency the very best for the year ahead?
Does my hon.
Friend agree that, as part of the curriculum review, which I warmly welcome and look forward to, we need an education system and curriculum—particularly in primary schools—with much more focus on learning through play, on oracy, and on multisensory movement and the recording of learning?
That would benefit not just children with SEND, but all pupils.
The curriculum assessment review, led by experts, will focus on the evidence—what we know from here and abroad about how we can best help children of all ages and abilities to learn, and that  includes children with special educational needs.
I am sure that those conducting the review will want to investigate different approaches to the primary curriculum, including those mentioned by my hon.
Friend, but I would not want to pre-empt the review’s conclusions and recommendations.
rose—
Order.
That concludes Education questions.
I am sorry that I could not fit everyone in; better luck next time.
It is always nice to see the right hon.
Gentleman, but I was expecting to see the actual Secretary of State respond to this question.
Perhaps he is at a business meeting with health firms—
Order.
May I ask the shadow Secretary of State just to pose the question?
The Minister will respond, and then the shadow Secretary of State will get her two minutes after that.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care if he will make a statement on the involvement of people with no formal appointment in the development of Government policy on health.
I apologise to the House, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I am more used to answering, but believe you me, I am looking forward to the questions.
And I am committed to making sure that the right hon.
Lady is there, asking the questions, for a very, very long time.
Unlike our predecessors, this Government cannot get enough of experts.
We work with a wide range of stakeholders in developing policy, because that goes to the heart of our approach to mission-driven government.
But I think the shadow Secretary of State was referring specifically to the right honourable Alan Milburn, so let me address him specifically.
I walked into the Department of Health and Social Care on  5 July  to be confronted with the worst crisis in the history of the national health service: waiting lists at 7.6 million, more than a million patients a month waiting four weeks for a GP appointment —if they could get one at all—the junior doctors still in dispute and on strike, and dental deserts across huge parts of our country, where people cannot get an NHS dentist for love nor money.
This Government are honest about the scale of the crisis and serious about fixing it, which means that we need the best available advice—it is all hands on deck to fix the mess that the previous Government left.
If a single patient waited longer for treatment than they needed because I had failed to ask for the most expert advice around, I would consider that a betrayal of patients’ interests.
I decide whom I hear from in meetings, I decide whose advice I seek, and I decide what to share with them.
I also welcome challenge, alternative perspectives and experience.
The right honourable Alan Milburn is a former Member of this House, a member of the Privy Council and a former Health Secretary.
He does not have a pass to the Department and, at every departmental meeting he has attended, he has been present at the request of Ministers.