I intend to repay their trust by being open and honest, accessible and available.
Never has it been more important to reconfirm that they have the right to a voice.
It is my duty to hear it and protect their right to it.
Having volunteered to stand as a parliamentary candidate on  4 May  and having been invited to stand on  4 June , it is poetic that my seat was one of the last to be called in England, having to endure three counts.
I might add that I won all three.
South Basildon and East Thurrock is a beautiful cross-section of this country.
Situated just 30 miles east along the Thames from this beautiful Palace, it is an area of great natural diversity, joyfully combining the new with a rich and varied history, rural and industrial.
South Basildon and East Thurrock boasts Europe’s largest Amazon centre as well as glorious countryside and a prime location on the Thames.
Many of our quaint villages have historical significance.
Horndon-on-the-Hill is mentioned in the Domesday Book of 1086 and one of the earliest uprisings that led to the peasants’ revolt took place in Fobbing in 1381.
Those uprisings marked the beginning of the end of serfdom.
I am hopeful that the lessons taught to the ruling class then never need to be relearned.
How appropriate it is then that I have the privilege to stand and champion the core values that so many from my home hold dear: independence, equality of opportunity, upward social mobility, courage, long suffering, honesty and forgiveness.
I am grateful to champion these qualities not just because I believe in them but because I have benefited from them.
I was the first in my family to go to university.
I have been shown forgiveness, given opportunity and climbed upwards.
As the door was opened for me, I will help hold it open for others.
Most importantly, I must thank the wonderful women in my life: my late grandmother, a survivor of the blitz, who dedicated her life to her family, and my mother and sisters, whose strength, courage and determination inspires me.
I have not written this down, but I had better mention my mother-in-law.
Qualifications must deliver on our missions, enhancing and spreading opportunity, and growing our economy.
The last Conservative Government botched the roll-out of T-levels and defunded them.
That is why this Labour Government have announced a pause and review of qualifications reforms, to support skills growth and students, and to bring certainty where there has been chaos.
This short, focused review, along with other measures, such as the curriculum assessment review and the creation of Skills England, will allow the Government to improve skills training, unlock opportunity and harness talent.
It is certainly the case that there is a big workforce challenge, and making sure that we have specialists in critical areas is a central part of making sure children and young people can access the support they need.
Our school support staff will play a crucial role in that, which is why Labour will reinstate the school support staff negotiating body.
We will make sure that teachers have more training alongside support staff, in order to deliver better support and education for our young people, and this year we are investing over £21 million to train 400 more educational psychologists.
It was great to visit the First Bus all-electric depot in York the other week, but I was saddened to hear just days later that First had withdrawn children’s monthly bus passes.
After meeting representatives of the company, they are reviewing that decision, but does my hon.
Friend agree that travel to and from school should be affordable?
Will he meet me to discuss the future of buses in York?
The Chairman of Ways and Means took the Chair as Deputy Speaker (Order,  5 September , and  Standing Order No.
3 ).