Do the Government intend to prioritise the resources that will be needed to implement the review in the upcoming spending review?
I thank my hon.
Friend for the work he did on the independent review of children’s social care, which this Government are considering as part of our reform programme.
Children’s social care is a key priority for this Government, evidenced by our commitment to the children’s wellbeing Bill announced in the King’s Speech in July.
A full programme for delivery will be produced in order to support that commitment.
We have  inherited a challenging set of economic circumstances.
However, we are committed to reforming children’s social care, and that will be brought forward, as I have already mentioned, in the children’s wellbeing Bill.
In Norfolk, as in many other areas, we saw during the pandemic some hugely complicated issues around early years, including lack of preparation and learning difficulties, which many of our schools are dealing with.
Will the Minister reassure me that, in this forthcoming Budget, real attention will be paid both to supporting that network—supporting the previous Government’s introduction of early years—and to integrating better the mental health support, the learning difficulty support and the social care support?
In the end, as these are children living one life, they surely need only one network of support.
I thank the hon.
Member for his explanation of all the various challenges experienced by young people and children.
If I had a crystal ball, I would be able to explain what will happen in the spending review, but as we move forward and introduce the children’s wellbeing Bill, we will bring clarity to some of the Government’s reforms.
The spending review will also reveal where the Budget lies in these things.
What assessment she has made of the effectiveness of the Office for Students.
What assessment she has made of the effectiveness of the Office for Students.
For too long, universities have been treated as political battlegrounds.
This Labour Government will treat them as engines of opportunity and growth.
On  26 July , I published the report of the independent review of the Office for Students and appointed Sir David Behan, who led the review, as the interim chair.
Under new leadership and with a sharpened remit, the Office for Students will concentrate on securing the future of universities and putting students first.
I welcome the Secretary of State to her position.
Last year, the House of Lords Industry and Regulators Committee presented its report, which was very critical of the OfS—we did not need to read between the lines to understand just how poorly the Committee thought of it.
It felt that it was serving neither the students nor the providers.
What plans does she have to reset the relationship with the OfS so that it gives renewed focus to the students that it is supposed to represent?
I thank my hon.
Friend for all his work in this important area to ensure that our universities are recognised as a crucial part of how we drive growth in our country.
Sir David’s review, which we published in July, is a platform for improvement, and I welcome and accept its core findings.
The Government will support the OfS in refocusing on fewer key priorities, to do what is most important for students and universities, and to do it well.
We will take the necessary action to support that work.
Young people in Weston-super-Mare and across our country deserve the very best opportunities.
Since 2016, University Centre Weston has transformed access to higher education in our town, meaning that more can study closer to home, improving access.
How will the Labour Government seek to strengthen the strategic objective of the Office for Students to widen participation in communities such as mine?
I strongly agree with my hon.