One of the main reasons I am in politics, as a Labour MP, is my sister.
She was born when I was 10, and when she was a year old, she was diagnosed with Hurler syndrome, a rare genetic condition with no cure.
Given a life expectancy of around five years, she finally died two days short of her 10th birthday.
Much of her life was spent being cared for by the NHS and our local  children’s hospice, and I will be eternally grateful for everything they did to give us so much more time with her than we expected.
At the time of my sister’s birth, we understood genetic conditions but did not yet have the tools to help.
The human genome was finally mapped just a year before she died, and that same year the first enzyme replacement therapy trials for her condition commenced in the UK.
People born today with my sister’s condition have a range of treatment options to help to make their life more comfortable and more fulfilling.
I am particularly proud that Exeter University, in partnership with our local NHS trust, is at the forefront of this new wave of innovation.
We know that scientific research and innovation, whether on tackling climate change or in medical advances, will make the lives of people in this country and around the world better, but the Government have to recognise the vital role of our universities in economic growth and take advantage of the many opportunities for partnership with the NHS and across the public sector.
I know that this Government will understand the need to ensure that the UK continues to be at the forefront of scientific endeavour; and, as a pro-European, I believe that this is where Britain can make a huge contribution, working with our European friends and partners despite the tragedy of Brexit.
I also ask that Ministers recognise that Exeter and the wider south-west have the talent and the institutions in which to invest to ensure that the UK remains at the cutting edge of UK and European innovation.
To succeed in these endeavours we also have to recognise that diversity is a strength, so building communities together on the principle of equality for everyone is vital to our success.
In Exeter, the university and the local council play an important role in bringing people together.
We have a thriving mosque and Muslim community.
We have welcomed hundreds of Ukrainian and Hongkonger families over recent years, and we have large and growing Kurdish, Afghan and Nigerian communities, among others.
Everyone brings something new and positive to our city, and I love nothing more than our annual Respect festival—a celebration of all our many communities—and our Pride parade.
Inclusive Exeter, a community interest company, also plays an important role in bringing communities together.
Exeter has become a true beacon of living well together.
It is a privilege and an honour to represent all the people of Exeter in this place, and I thank them for their vote of confidence in sending me here.
I also thank my local activists and, of course, my family and friends, some of whom are in the Gallery, for all their support over the years.
Without them I would not be here.
Exeter is a happy and optimistic place, and I hope to do it proud by serving it as conscientiously and as successfully as my distinguished predecessor.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Exeter (Steve Race)  on his maiden speech.
My hometown of Thatcham was recorded in “The Guinness Book of Records” in 1990 as the country’s  oldest continuously inhabited settlement, dating back some 3,000 years, although it is not quite a parliamentary seat.
I pay my respects and tribute to his sister.
I will also reference my sister and her reliance on the NHS.
I have been in the Chamber for many maiden speeches, and I have been impressed by them all.