There were reports in the press a couple of weeks ago that the Secretary of State took meetings with teaching unions who made the argument that multiplication times tables should be taken off the national curriculum.
Given our stratospheric success in PISA—programme for international student assessment—numeracy ratings, thanks to changes introduced by the Conservative Government, can she give us a 100% cast-iron guarantee that she will not dumb down the curriculum in this country and will not take times tables off the national curriculum?
I would caution the hon.
Gentleman about believing everything he reads in the press.
Times tables are an important part of our system.
We will drive high and rising standards from Government.
Rather than picking pointless fights and avoidable industrial action, what he will see from this Government is a different relationship, as we work in partnership with teachers, school leaders and support staff to deliver better life chances for all of our children.
The last set of PISA results under the Conservative Government showed standards in England’s schools going backwards: backwards in reading——maybe Conservative Members should listen—backwards in maths and backwards in science.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that that is far from a record to be proud of?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Conservative Members do not like it, but it is absolutely true.
I would add that, when it comes to the concerns my hon.
Friend raises, we see stark attainment gaps in the difference between what our poorest and more affluent children are able to achieve.
That blights the life  chances of children in his constituency of Gateshead.
We are determined to make progress on that, unlike the previous Government.
I congratulate the Secretary of State and her team, and welcome them to their places.
In my constituency, children are being unenrolled after 20 days of absence, even when there is a valid and compassionate reason for their leave.
Will the Secretary of State commit herself to reviewing this harmful and punitive rule, which is leaving children in my constituency without a school for many months, and will she take steps to make the necessary changes to protect those children and their right to an education?
I am happy to meet the hon.
Member to discuss the points that he has raised.
Attendance and off-rolling are issues that the Government take very seriously, and we will set out more policies on them in due course.
The last Government promised to publish a register of children who were not in school.
I welcome the measures taken by this Government, but can the Minister update me on the next steps towards publication of the register?
This Government have no time to waste if we are to fix the foundations of our country after 14 years of decline.
We will legislate for the register through the children’s wellbeing Bill, which will be introduced as soon as parliamentary time allows, and which will support the Government’s work to ensure that every child has the best start in life.
Can the Minister confirm that the funding announced on  9 May  by the Conservative Government for a brand-new SEND school in the county of Buckinghamshire is in no way, shape or form “under review”, and that we will get that new school?
Ensuring that schools and colleges have the resources and buildings that they need is a key part of our mission to break down barriers to opportunity and give every young person the best start in life.
We are committed to improving the condition of the estate through the Department’s annual funding, continuing the school rebuilding programme and fixing the problems caused by reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete.
At the start of the new school year, may I wish all teachers, school staff and children in my constituency the very best for the year ahead?
Does my hon.