We will make sure that teachers have more training alongside support staff, in order to deliver better support and education for our young people, and this year we are investing over £21 million to train 400 more educational psychologists.[Official Report,  7 October 2024 ; Vol.
754, c. 2WC.] (
Correction)
I welcome the Secretary of State’s answer.
On doorsteps, in surgeries and over email, families across Basingstoke have told me countless stories of the obstacles they have to go through just to have the barest acknowledgement of their child’s needs, only to go through a similar obstacle course for their child to be assessed, and yet again for them to get the help they are legally entitled to.
Can the Secretary of State offer families in Basingstoke with experience of this failing system some hope that they can expect better in future?
I joined my hon.
Friend in Basingstoke during the general election campaign, so I know that many families in Basingstoke and right across our country were concerned about this issue, and I can give him that commitment.
Members on the Conservative Benches may recall that the previous Education Secretary described the system that she left behind as one that was “lose-lose-lose”.
I agree.
We are determined to turn that around, which is why we have already restructured the Department for Education, with much more focus on support for children with SEND as part of our schools provision.
Speech and language support for children with special educational needs and disabilities was clearly not a priority for the previous Government.
I have seen the damage that that has done to families in my constituency of Ealing Southall: at a recent surgery, one mum told me that she just wants her young son to be able to tell her when he is in pain.
What steps will the Secretary of State take to ensure that children like those in my constituency receive the speech and language support that they need?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight how important it is that all of our children have strong speech and language skills.
That is why this Government will roll out early language interventions to make sure that all of our children get support at the earliest possible point, including extending the Nuffield early language intervention for this academic year, because it is so important that we make a difference when our children are young.
I thank the Secretary of State for her answers so far.
People in my constituency of Hexham—one of the largest constituencies in the country—routinely tell me of the struggle they face in enabling their children to access the support they need and the education they are entitled to.
Will the Secretary of State or one of her Ministers meet with me to discuss the challenges of accessing SEND education in such a rural constituency?
As the first ever Labour MP for Hexham, my hon.
Friend will be a champion of rural communities across the country.
I would be more than happy to meet with him—or my hon.
Friend the Minister for School Standards will meet with him—to discuss this important concern, which I know many Members wish to discuss.
I thank the Secretary of State for her answer, and for her personal commitment to creating a fairer funding system for children with special educational needs.
In that light, she will forgive me if I mention that the East Riding has the lowest high-needs block allocation of any local authority in England.
So many people have been genuinely committed to a fairer system in the past.
Will the Secretary of State set out how she will achieve that?
It is easy to support it in principle, but it is very hard to find a way of delivering it in practice.
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for his question, and will make sure that officials engage with him on that point.