Local authorities have a responsibility to allocate all applicants a school place on national offer day.
If children in his area are still without places, I would be happy to meet him, and to support him in resolving those issues.
Disadvantaged pupils between 16 and 19 are likely to be up to four grades behind their more affluent peers.
We know that funding drops by about a third at 16, yet 16-to-19 tuition was axed in July, and the pupil premium has never applied to that age group.
If the Secretary of State is serious about smashing the glass ceiling, will she consider increasing funding targeted at this group?
I share the hon.
Lady’s concern about making sure that we target funding in the most effective way.
That is why I have said that my No.
1 priority is ensuring that we support children and young people at the earliest possible point, and give a real commitment around early education and childcare, because that is the single biggest way to ensure that our children arrive at school really well prepared and to stop those gaps opening up as children progress through education.
The early years sector faces significant challenges in delivering the roll-out of the expanded childcare offer promised by the last Government.
The sector consistently cites the inability to recruit and retain staff as the biggest difficulty.
Can the Minister confirm when the Government plan to publish the promised workforce strategy for the early years, and what opportunities there will be for the sector to have its say?
I thank my hon.
Friend for all her hard work while in opposition on these important issues.
This Government see early education as more than just childcare; it is central to our mission to give every child the best start in life.
We recognise the inherited workforce challenges, in both recruitment and retention.
In the coming weeks and months, this Government will set out plans for reform, beginning with a complete reset with the sector, so that the workforce feel supported and valued.
As was alluded to by my right hon.
Friend the Member for Beverley and Holderness (Graham Stuart), children with special educational needs and disabilities in some urban local authorities receive three times more funding than they do in the East Riding of Yorkshire.
Will the Secretary of State or her Minister meet me and East Riding colleagues, so that we can secure a fairer future for our local children?
The Secretary of State has set out extensive responses to extensive questions on the inherited challenges in the SEND system.
We recognise the issues that the hon.
Gentleman raised, and will be happy to meet him and his colleagues around his local authority area to discuss this further.
Will the Secretary of State join me in congratulating the Shrewsbury Colleges Group in my constituency on yet another excellent round of results this summer, with A-level pass rates at over 98% and 210 vocational students achieving a triple distinction?
It is a superb institution in our rural area, working to drive up engagement and standards for vocational qualifications, which are the bedrock of our industrial strategy and central to the  Government’s mission to break down the barriers to opportunity.
Will she join me in celebrating its success, and assure it that it has parity of esteem with its academic school counterparts, and will she perhaps book a visit?
Further education is front and centre of unlocking opportunity.
I join my hon.
Friend in congratulating the Shrewsbury Colleges Group on its excellent results.
Schools in Devon are missing out on £23.5 million a year due to the national funding formula—the equivalent of 450 full-time teachers across the county.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how Devon’s school children are missing out, particularly those living in the most deprived areas?
I recognise the concerns the hon.
Lady raises.