I also welcome challenge, alternative perspectives and experience.
The right honourable Alan Milburn is a former Member of this House, a member of the Privy Council and a former Health Secretary.
He does not have a pass to the Department and, at every departmental meeting he has attended, he has been present at the request of Ministers.
During Alan’s time in office, he gave patients the choice over where they are treated and who treats them, as well as making sure that the NHS was properly transparent, so that all patients were able to make an informed choice—a basic right that we expect in all other walks of life, but which only the wealthy and well connected were able to exercise in healthcare until Alan changed it.
He gave patients access to the fastest, most effective treatment available on NHS terms, so that faster treatment was no longer just for those who could afford private healthcare.
He made the tough reforms that drove better performance across the NHS and, along with every other Labour Health Secretary, delivered the shortest waiting times and the highest patient satisfaction in the history of the NHS.
That is his record and Labour’s record, and it is the kind of experience that I want around the table as we write the reform agenda that will lift the NHS out of the worst crisis in its history, get it back on its feet, and make it fit for the future once again.
I fear that the right hon.
Gentleman is betraying his inexperience.
It is a shame that he needs all that help and experience; the rest of us have just got on with the job.
The Department of Health and Social Care manages incredibly sensitive information, ranging from the development of healthcare policy to the handling of market-sensitive information concerning vaccines and medication, and the rules regarding patient confidentiality.
It has emerged that Mr Milburn, a former Labour politician, has received more than £8 million from his personal consultancy firm since 2016.
He advises one of the largest providers of residential care for older people, and is apparently a senior adviser on health for a major consultancy firm. [
Interruption.]
A Member sitting opposite says, “So what?”
Given the risk of conflicts of interest—that, rather than the right hon.
Gentleman’s inexperience, is the point of this UQ—has Mr Milburn declared his business interests to the Department?
Can the right hon.
Gentleman reassure the House on how such conflicts are being managed, so that we can get a sense of the scale of this open-door policy and Mr Milburn’s access?
Could the right hon.
Gentleman tell us how many meetings Mr Milburn has attended?
How many were with NHS England?
How many were conducted without ministerial presence?
What sensitive information has Mr Milburn been given access to?
Does it include information concerning the sale of patient information to pharmaceutical companies?
Has Mr Milburn seen internal DHSC or NHSE documents regarding the pricing of medicines and vaccinations, and other market-sensitive information?
This is all information that comes across the right hon.
Gentleman’s desk, and there is no formal record for understanding what Mr Milburn has seen.
If the right hon.
Gentleman uses, as he has done just now, the excuse that this is all okay because Mr Milburn is a former Secretary of State and a Privy Counsellor, could the right hon.
Gentleman set out where in the ministerial code or the civil service code such an exemption exists for unrecorded access to information by members of the public?
I hope the Secretary of State will also confirm his lists of other advisers, their commercial interests and any other members of the public attending meetings that are of a deeply sensitive nature, so that we get a sense of just how far this goes.
This is just more evidence of cronyism at the heart of this new Labour Government.