Since 2016, University Centre Weston has transformed access to higher education in our town, meaning that more can study closer to home, improving access.
How will the Labour Government seek to strengthen the strategic objective of the Office for Students to widen participation in communities such as mine?
I strongly agree with my hon.
Friend about the importance of widening participation, and he sets out clearly how universities are a key part of towns and cities right across our country.
The last Government wanted to use our world-leading sector as a political football, talking down institutions and watching on as the situation became even more desperate.
I have appointed the new interim chair to sharpen the focus of the Office for Students, focus far more on the financial sustainability of the sector, and return universities to being the engines of growth and opportunity that we want to see after 14 wasted years.
I am delighted to hear the right hon.
Lady talk about engines of growth and opportunity, because that is exactly what universities are when they are well run.
In my county we have a new university, the New Model Institute for Technology and Engineering, which is doing exactly that, and offering incredible opportunities for young people to do a masters programme in three years, and then, as we are seeing with the new cohort, to go into companies as good as BAE Systems, Kier, Balfour Beatty, the Atomic Weapons Establishment and others.
That work has been assisted by the Office for Students, which granted new degree-awarding powers.
Does the right hon.
Lady share my view that this is a deeply worthwhile enterprise that could be replicated around the country, and will she come and visit herself?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for raising this matter.
I would be happy to meet with him to discuss it further.
I call the shadow Minister.
We have seen attempts by hostile states to influence our higher education sector, which the last Conservative Government took action to counter.
Does the Secretary of State therefore share the concerns about reports that Peking University HSBC Business School in Oxford may be partly operating under Chinese Communist party rules, and does she expect the Office for Students to investigate that?
The shadow Minister will know that the Office for Students is independent, but I will ensure that it looks very carefully at the concerns that he has set out, and addresses them accordingly.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of levels of academic freedom in the higher education sector.
The Government fully support academic freedom.
Higher education must be a space for robust discussion and intellectual rigour, and it was a Labour Government that enshrined freedom of expression into law.
Our recent decision to pause the implementation of further parts of the Higher Education (Freedom of Speech) Act 2023 was precisely because we believe in academic freedom.
It is therefore crucial that the legal framework is workable.
Baroness Smith in the other place and officials are speaking with a range of stakeholders.
Their views will form part of our consideration of all options for protecting academic freedom into the future.
No options are off the table.
I thank the Secretary of State for that answer, and welcome her to her new position.
Can she give the House a cast-iron guarantee that when she decided to reverse the Higher Education (Freedom of Speech) Act, she gave no consideration to the consequences of the new freedom of speech duties that the Act would impose on universities in terms of their financial relationship with authoritarian regimes such as the People’s Republic of China?
Yes, I can give the right hon.
Gentleman that reassurance.
We looked very carefully and very closely at the way in which the legislation was going to operate.
I want to ensure that we have good, strong, workable legislation.