My immediate predecessor Laura Farris—strangely, I saw her in Central Lobby just before coming to the Chamber—delivered meaningful change in this House on sexual abuse and violence against women.
She secured new laws on sexual violence in the Domestic Abuse Act 2021 and campaigned for tougher sentences for fatal domestic abuse.
It is a further credit to her that the handover to me was as smooth as one could have hoped for.
I wish Laura and her family all the best for the future, and I am sure she will continue to make a difference.
Richard Benyon, now Lord Benyon, served Newbury from 2005 to 2019 and has always been open and approachable, offering me some early advice when I was first elected.
The Liberal Democrat David Rendel held the seat following a then record-breaking by-election—my party is rather good at those—from 1993 to 2005, and I ran with him in my home ward back in 2007, starting my electoral journey in West Berkshire.
All three predecessor cared deeply about Newbury and West Berkshire, as I do, too, but in new times there are new challenges.
The Royal Berkshire hospital in Reading is in great need of replacement, and I look forward to a swift review of the new hospitals programme.
The West Berkshire community hospital in Newbury is willing to do more so that diagnostic services can be provided locally.
Without the NHS, my sister, Michelle, would not be here today.
We need to cherish it, fund it and modernise it.
Despite our apparent wealth, we have pockets of poverty in Newbury.
As I alluded to earlier, we are seeing an increase in the use of food banks and soup kitchens, the cost of living is still hurting and the proposed removal of the winter fuel allowance will compound that problem even more, despite our best efforts to get those who are entitled on to pension credits.
House prices have soared and are now over 10 times the average salary, increasing demand for rented homes and adding pressure to housing waiting lists.
The ability to have a warm and secure home is the foundation of a settled life.
Children learn better, crime is lower and community cohesion is stronger when people have a settled community.
I have worked in the social housing sector for the last 14 years.
We must do more to deliver much needed homes for social rent.
I wish to conclude my speech by giving a small round of thanks.
First, I thank my constituents for entrusting me with the honour of representing us here, and my local team for engaging in so many positive conversations on the door steps.
I will endeavour to pay back their support with my deeds in the House.
To my wife, Gemma, and my children, Oliver, James and Eleanor, I say thank you for your constant support and love that has allowed me to fulfil my dream of being the Member of Parliament for my home.
As a 16-year-old, I arranged a visit to Parliament.
As we were being shown around the Chamber, we came past the Opposition Front Bench and a school friend cheekily sat down.
I will not use parliamentary privilege to name him but he encouraged me to do the same.
You will be pleased to hear that I declined, Madam Deputy Speaker.
However, I said that I would sit there if I ever  got elected.
Well, 25 years later, I can now rightly take my place on the famous green Benches, so some dreams do come true.
As the son of a trade union official, I suspect I was always going to end up in a role where I could speak truth to power.
I thank my father, Raymond, for instilling in me a sense of fairness and a belief that we can make change happen.