Who are we to deny that to the dying?
Many Members present will look forward to the day when it is possible for people in this country to die in peace, with dignity and at a time of their choosing.
The opportunity to bring that about is closer than ever before, but it can happen only if Members vote against the Bill today.
The express will of the House, as reflected in the Second Reading vote; the momentum generated by the Bill; and the support of the Prime Minister, as we understand it, to change the law have created a moment when it is possible to grasp the chance to bring in assisted dying legislation, but I warn Members that if this Bill passes, the case for assisted dying will be fatally undermined, and it will put back their cause for a generation.
I have sat through Committee and Report, listened to the oral evidence and participated in the debates.
This Bill, if it passes, will be challenged in the courts.
It will be subject to endless attempts to amend it in Parliament.
It will be difficult to implement effectively, and ultimately it will lose the confidence of the public.
It was immensely challenging to properly debate the Bill in Committee, because we frequently found ourselves needing an understanding of medical practice or points of law that MPs are not typically expert in.
We spent many hours, for example, debating whether or not the provisions of the Mental Capacity Act 2005 were sufficient for someone who was making the decision to die.
Of course, we consulted experts, and some said the provisions were sufficient, some said they were not.
I do not believe that this particular decision is one that politicians are best placed to make.
Will the hon.
Lady give way?
I am sorry, but I will make progress.
We would all have been better served by asking a team of experts to evaluate the evidence, draw on their professional experience and come to a settled consensus among themselves on this point about mental capacity and, likewise, the questions we had about how best to approach anorexia within the context of assisted dying and whether the Bill provides a suitable framework for the provision and control of drugs designed for the ending of a life.
These are not political decisions.
They have, however, been decided by politicians, and we have approached them in our usual adversarial way, where the right answer is not the one arrived at after careful thought, consideration and consultation, but the one that can muster the most votes.
We have therefore reached a most unsatisfactory conclusion.
This legislation imposes duties and responsibilities on professionals who do not think them compatible with their expert practice.
It was amended in Committee to require that a panel approve an application for assisted dying, and that the panel include a psychiatrist.
The Royal College of Psychiatrists has stated that it opposes this legislation.
Will the hon.
Lady give way?
I will not give way, sorry.
Assisted dying under this legislation cannot be implemented without psychiatrists, but they would be acting outside the advice and guidance of their professional body.
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
I am not giving way.
Will there be sufficient psychiatrists prepared to implement the provisions of this legislation, against the advice of their professional body, to ensure that enough panels can be convened for the purpose of facilitating assisted dying?
It is hard to see how there could be.
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
I am not giving way.
By contrast, many decisions are expressly reserved for politicians.
Should the limited resources of the NHS be used to deliver an assisted dying service, or should it be possible to offer the service as a profit-making enterprise?
What information should be collected and reported about assisted dying?
Who should oversee and regulate its practitioners?