Many people will say that these are not conflicting or contradictory positions.
But—and I will crack on because otherwise you will tell me off, Mr Speaker—we know that there could be circumstances where assisted dying would be on a statutory basis and the provision of palliative care would not.
We also have to address the point that we can all pray in aid individuals and institutions to reinforce our positions on this, but we cannot subcontract our decisions.
Yes, we can fish around for people to come up with the perfect quote to reinforce our arguments, but another five minutes on Wikipedia, Google, or with friends of ours in the medical profession will find another voice that opposes that.
Yes, it is a mixed picture in the medical professions, but I am struck by the number of professional bodies that are neutral on the topic of assisted dying in general but opposed to the provisions within this Bill in particular.
We cannot just say, “They are neutral on assisted dying, and therefore this particular vehicle has to progress.”
We carry a responsibility—it is what we are sent here to do—and we need to take it very seriously.
We must be rigorous on the specific details in the Bill.
Just like the hon.
Member for Spen Valley, I do not have time to go through every single argument that was had on Second Reading, in Committee and beyond, but in order to ensure that we are rigorous, there are three fundamental questions that we should ask ourselves—not lean on our friends and colleagues, but ask ourselves—and ensure that we answer fully and honestly.
The right hon.
Gentleman will remember that, in 2021, he and I worked cross-party on identifying inequalities within certain communities and on getting them to come forward for the covid vaccination.
Does he agree that one question we parliamentarians need to ask ourselves is this: how is it right that some communities are denied basic healthcare within the current system; how is it right that some communities do not have access to good palliative care; how is it right that some communities still mistrust the medical profession; and how is it right that we are not listening to their voices?
The hon.
Lady makes an incredibly important point, and I will touch on that briefly in my remarks.
I am minded to take no more interventions, because otherwise I will be stealing time from others.
There are three questions we need to ask.
First, are we happy for this Bill—not for the principle, but for this Bill as drafted—to become law?
Many of the elements that I have already discussed are concerning.
In the criteria set out, medical professionals do not need to seek deeper motivation.
We have said there is not a real choice between palliative care and assisted dying, because one will have a statutory underpinning and the other will not.
As I say, the “gold standard” protections were lost in Committee, because a number of professional bodies and—
Will the right hon.
Member give way?
I need to make progress.
A number of professional bodies have said they do not have the capacity.
They do not have enough people to fill the slots that this Bill demands of them.
Secondly, in terms of fundamental changes, are hon.
and right hon.
Members genuinely happy to write the blank cheque that this Bill demands?
It is normal for the Secretary of State of a Government Department to decide when a piece of legislation comes into force, and they make their decision based on the state’s ability to deliver that legislation.
Commencement dates matter; they are not just some arbitrary dates on a piece of paper.