I am moved to speak today because I am concerned.
This is the point that  the hon.
Member for Lewisham North (Vicky Foxcroft)  made, but what is this debate today about?
This debate is not about the principle of what we believe in when it comes to assisted dying—whether we are opposed to it or in favour of it.
We had that debate on Second Reading.
As the Mother of the House,  the right hon.
Member for Hackney North and Stoke Newington (Ms Abbott) , made very clear—in what I must say was an excellent speech—and as others  have too, today’s Third Reading debate is about what we are about to pass on to the House of Lords, which will become law.
And the single question we have to ask ourselves is: is this genuinely workable now?
The hon.
Member for Spen Valley (Kim Leadbeater) , who moved the motion, knows that I have a high regard for her—I have worked with her on other things—but I honestly have to say that I simply cannot see how we in this House can pass this piece of legislation through to the other House, in the vague hope that somehow it will do better than us and make changes such that it will become a workable piece of legislation, and that is because this is a private Member’s Bill.
If a Government were to introduce a Bill like this, we would see a great deal more input and a huge amount more checking with all those bodies.
For example, we were told on Second Reading that the safeguards and protections we were sending to Committee would somehow become the most robust and strongest in the world.
In fact, in Committee they got weakened, not strengthened, and that is the problem in all this.
Will the right hon.
Gentleman give way on that point?
If the hon.
Lady will forgive me, I understand that many others want to speak, so I am going make a bit of progress if she does not mind.
The other important point, when we think about what our vote today is all about, is the behaviour of the professional bodies that have been consulted on this, which have come out for the most part very strongly opposed to this legislation.
Every medical college has retained a neutral position.
By my count—[Interruption.]
I will go on.
By my count, two or three medical colleges have said expressly that they welcome specific amendments to the Bill, and all MPs will have received the letter from senior psychiatrists, who include a former president of the college, who said:
“We believe the draft legislation is workable, safe and compassionate.”
A number of safeguards have been included in the Bill.
Does the right hon.
Gentleman recognise that additional safeguards have been included and have been welcomed by various royal colleges?
I simply do not agree with the hon.
Lady on that reading.
The professional bodies are completely divided, and most have come out in opposition to the nature of this legislation.
It is all very well for her to say that, and I appreciate her right to say it, and I hope she gets to speak later, but I just do not agree with it.
As was said earlier in the debate, the whole issue of mental capacity is not dealt with properly in the structure of this Bill.
The hon.
Member for Spen Valley talked about this earlier, and she was absolutely right.
Even the amendments that were proposed were not always accepted, and we are left now with some areas that will be deeply troubling.
We simply cannot accept that the Lords must make these changes for us, for we have to make them first.
That is the key.