We have a system in which it legal for someone to starve themselves to death, which can take days or weeks, but where it is not legal for someone to seek assistance from a doctor to take an approved substance themselves to end their pain or suffering and take back control in their dying days.
It is also legal in this country for someone to discharge themselves from medical care or refuse life-sustaining treatment such as ventilation, CPR or antibiotics, as long as they have the mental capacity to do so and are making the decision of their own accord, without harassment from anyone else.
Colleagues might think that is fine, and I agree, but there is no requirement for two doctors, a psychiatrist, and a social worker, and there is no lawyer or judge.
It is legal, yet what is being proposed in this Bill, with so many more safeguards and protections, is not.
It simply does not make sense.
rose—
I am not going to take any more interventions, because lots of people want to speak.
Then there are the criminal offences that the Bill introduces—none of which exist now—including life imprisonment for anyone who induces another person to take the approved substance, and 14 years in prison for coercion, dishonesty or pressure.
It is a robust process that goes further than any other piece of legislation in the world, and it is far safer and significantly more compassionate than what we have now.
If we look internationally, there are clear, well-established, safe and compassionate assisted dying laws in existence.
On Tuesday I joined doctors from Australia who used three key words repeatedly: choice, control and relief.
Dr Greg Mewett has 20 years of experience as a GP and 22 years as a palliative care physician, and he spoke about the thorough approach that he has taken to ensure safety and efficacy of the assisted dying process.
Perhaps the most stand-out quote from that session came from Dr Jacky Davis, chair of Healthcare Professionals for Assisted Dying, who said that by introducing assisted dying,
“no more people will die but far fewer people will suffer”.
This is not a choice between living and dying.
It is a choice for terminally ill people about how they die.
I fully appreciate that some colleagues would never vote for any version of this Bill, and I am respectful of that despite disagreeing with them.
However, I say to colleagues who are supportive of a change in the law but are hesitant about whether now is the time, that if we do not vote for a change in the law today, we will have many more years of heartbreaking stories from terminally ill people and their families, of pain and trauma—
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
I am going to finish.
There will be stories of suicide attempts, post-traumatic stress disorder, lonely trips to Switzerland, police investigations, and everything else we have all heard of in recent months.
As the Commission on Assisted Dying said in 2011, 14 years ago:
“The current legal status of assisted dying [in the UK] is inadequate and incoherent.
It outsources a healthcare issue abroad, especially to Dignitas, instead of the Government and Parliament assuming responsibility.”
That was 14 years ago, and we are in exactly the same position today.
Things have got to change.
As the Government’s impact assessment states, the Bill will improve equity of choice, ensuring that terminally ill adults from all socioeconomic backgrounds can access end-of-life options within a regulated and safe framework.
I will draw my comments to a close.
There are essentially two ways in which we can look at the situation we are in.
We can look at it through a legal lens.