I urge you to support this bill”—
the Bill, and not just the principle.
I will do so because the status quo is completely unacceptable and must be reformed.
As a young doctor, I would have found the measures that we are debating completely unconscionable, but now that I am an old doctor, I feel sure that this is an essential change.
That is because of what I have seen over 45 years in hospitals.
Our patients are at the centre of my thoughts as we consider this profound change.
We must of course invest in palliative care, and we have some of the best palliative care in the world in this country.
Some will say that there are no limits to the comfort that expert palliative care can deliver, but that has not been my observation, particularly as I think about some of my patients with advanced, disfiguring head and neck cancers, and about the terrible loss of dignity and autonomy that I have seen.
That is what people fear, and that is why I believe that we are right to give people a choice—a final autonomous choice.
I applaud the Bill Committee, and thank the many witnesses who contributed, for this is not easy work.
The House has spent hours debating the amendments.
The panel of the legal expert, the social worker and the psychiatrist will ensure oversight and scrutiny, and I have no doubt that this is better than a single judge, no matter how distinguished or wise.
Family circumstances, free will and mental state will all be considered.
I do not think we will see coercion to undergo assisted dying; families are more likely to talk patients out of it.
I call this a Bill to assist people who are dying.
The measures are not for people who are not dying.
People who are terminally ill may live for a long time.
They are not yet dying, and the measures are for them until they are.
All of us must make the very best of every day, whether our lives be long or short.
Of course, that is especially true for those with a terminal diagnosis.
The vulnerable must be protected, and I believe that the Bill will indeed protect them—people who are disabled, and who have mental health disorders.
Profound sadness as our lives are ending is quite normal, and clinical depression should be treated, but my observation is that the patients we are talking about are clear-headed and very rational.
The idea that we risk opening a floodgate or some sort of mission creep is quite wrong.
People will have a choice, and will make arrangements to be used only if needed.
That will give final peace of mind—it is a final insurance policy.
Let me come back to the patients I have treated over my long career, and to the wise words of the nurse who has been my compassionate colleague for many years.
She said this was an essential change.
There was the matron who recalled the carotid blow-out of her patient as a student many years ago—an image that never left her.
There is the absolute sanctity of human life, but we are not dealing with a choice between life and death; we are dealing with death or death.
There is also the sanctity of human dignity, and fundamental to that is surely choice.
Who are we to deny that to the dying?
Many Members present will look forward to the day when it is possible for people in this country to die in peace, with dignity and at a time of their choosing.
The opportunity to bring that about is closer than ever before, but it can happen only if Members vote against the Bill today.