I beg to move, That the House sit in private.
Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No.
163 ) and negatived.
Further consideration of Bill, as amended in the Public Bill Committee
Before we come to the Bill, I would like to say a few words about today’s proceedings.
On  13 June , an objection was taken to the Question that new clause 16 be read a Second time.
As the objection was taken after 2.30 pm, proceedings on the Bill stopped.
We will begin with the Question that new clause 16 be read a Second time.
I will then put the Questions on the amendments selected for separate decisions.
I can confirm that I have selected all the amendments in the name of Kim Leadbeater for separate decision, as well as amendments 14, 24, 12 and 21.
Once the decisions on Report are complete, I will then call the Member in charge to name the day for Third Reading.
If she says now, Third Reading will begin then.
Many colleagues will wish to participate in the debate today.
I hope the Divisions that we are about to have can take place reasonably quickly in order to maximise the time available today.
On  13 June , Rebecca Paul moved formally that new clause 16 be read a Second time.
“(1) A person does not have a wish to seek assistance to end their own life in accordance with this Act under section 5(5) if they are substantially motivated by—
(a) not wanting to be a burden on others or on public services,
(b) a mental disorder (including depression),
(c) a disability (other than the terminal illness),
(d) financial considerations, including lack of adequate housing,
(e) lack of access, or delayed access, to treatment or other service which a public authority is required (or can reasonably be expected to) provide, or
(f) suicidal ideation.
”—(Rebecca Paul.)
This new clause ensures that a wish to end one’s own life that is substantially motivated by the factors listed in the amendment does not qualify for the provision of assistance under this Act.
Question put, That the clause be read a Second time.
The House divided: Ayes 208, Noes 261.
Question accordingly negatived.
Amendments made: 14, page 2, line 6, at end insert—
“(1A) A person who would not otherwise meet the requirements of subsection (1) shall not be considered to meet those requirements solely as a result of voluntarily stopping eating or drinking.
”—(Naz Shah.)
This amendment means that someone who is not terminally ill within the meaning of subsection (1) cannot bring themselves within that definition by voluntarily stopping eating or drinking or both.
Amendment 55, page 2, line 8, leave out “, disease or medical condition” and insert “or disease”.—(Kim Leadbeater.)
This amendment aligns the wording of subsection (2) with the wording used in subsection (1) (which defines what it means to be “terminally ill” for the purposes of the Bill).
Amendment proposed: 24, in clause 3, page 2, line 18, at end insert
“except that section 1(2) of that Act shall not apply”.—(Daniel Francis.)
This amendment would disapply the presumption that a person has capacity unless the opposite is established.
The House divided: Ayes 213, Noes 266.
Question accordingly negatived.
Amendments made: 56, page 4, line 14, at end insert—
“(2A) The coordinating doctor must give a copy of the first declaration to the Commissioner as soon as reasonably practicable after it has been made.”
This amendment requires the coordinating doctor to give a copy of the first declaration to the Commissioner.
Amendment 57, page 5, line 14, leave out “include training about” and insert “provide that the practitioner must have had training about the following”.
This clarifies that the obligation under subsection (7) is to specify training about certain matters.
Amendment 58, page 5, line 18, leave out
“specific and up-to-date training on”.