Members genuinely happy to write the blank cheque that this Bill demands?
It is normal for the Secretary of State of a Government Department to decide when a piece of legislation comes into force, and they make their decision based on the state’s ability to deliver that legislation.
Commencement dates matter; they are not just some arbitrary dates on a piece of paper.
I understand people’s desire to ensure that this cannot be lost down the back of the sofa when it comes to Government work, but when the people on whom we would rely to deliver this Bill say that they are not ready and that they do not feel that they will be ready—they do not have enough people and they do not have enough capacity, so they will have to take resource from current provisions to move across to this provision, which will be driven by a statutory requirement and a locked-in commencement date—we should listen.
If the people who are going to make this work—and work as well as we hope it will, if it becomes legislation—say that they are not confident that they can make it happen, we should be very careful about demanding that they prioritise this.
That is what this legislation says: they will prioritise this above any other work that they might otherwise do.
Thirdly—the hon.
Member for Spen Valley hinted at this, and I mentioned it in an intervention in an earlier stage of the Bill—on coercion, on the pressure that individuals put on themselves and on medical professionals raising the issue, we know that there are inequalities in health provision already, none of which will be addressed by the Bill.
There are certain communities, and certain people in those communities, particularly women, who are overly deferential to men and to men in authority.
Can we genuinely say that we have no fear whatsoever about a potentially vulnerable woman sitting in front of a medical professional who raises assisted dying?
Even if they do not imply that it is the right thing for her to do, the very fact that they bring it up will have a significant influence on that woman’s thinking.
We cannot believe that the effect will be completely neutral across all communities.
With the safeguards that have been put in the Bill, there will be a panel that looks at those issues and  asks questions like, “Has your doctor persuaded you to do this?”
Do we honestly think that a social worker, psychiatrist or lawyer is totally incapable of finding coercion?
That is exactly what the panel is there to do, and that is exactly what those safeguards will provide.
The hon.
Lady makes an important point, but I refer her to my second question.
Those bodies say that they do not have the people to populate those panels, yet that is what the commencement date demands.
The principle of having a person or group of people to protect against coercion is important—I am talking not just about coercion, but about how people perceive people in authority—but royal colleges and social workers have told us that they do not believe they will be ready to put those guardrails in place by the commencement date.
We should listen to them.
This is an important debate that has stimulated an important conversation, which demands our full attention, but I do not believe that the Bill is ready to go to the other place.
It is interesting that there are both proponents and opponents of the Bill who hope that the Lords will make significant changes to the Bill.
That should surely set off alarm bells.
Ultimately, because the Bill is such a fundamental change, we need to ensure that there is an enhanced level of scrutiny of its detail.
We all want to avoid and alleviate suffering wherever possible, but I do not believe that we have had the opportunity to get the Bill into the right shape.