I will draw my comments to a close.
There are essentially two ways in which we can look at the situation we are in.
We can look at it through a legal lens.
As legislators, we have a duty to change the law where it is failing, and when the last four Directors of Public Prosecutions tell us that the law needs to change, surely we have a duty to listen.
We need scrutiny before people die, not after.
Most importantly, there is the human lens, which is how I approach most things.
Giving dying people choice about how they die is about compassion, control, dignity and bodily autonomy.
Surely we should all have the right—
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
I am going to finish shortly.
Surely we should all have the right to decide what happens to our bodies and decide when enough is enough.
Of course, giving people the right to choose does not take away the right not to choose.
Today, we can vote with either our hearts or with our heads, but either way, we should end up in the same Lobby.
On a compassionate, human level, and as responsible lawmakers, we should support this desperately needed reform, which is rigorous, practical and safe, and which is rooted in the principles that should underpin any legislation: compassion, justice and human dignity.
I have no doubt that the vast majority in this House—probably every single hon.
and right hon.
Member—is sympathetic to the underlying motivation of the Bill, which is to ease suffering in others and try to avoid suffering where possible.
For the most part, the debate, both in this Chamber and in Committee, has been good natured and conducted in a way that we can be proud of.
There have been wider questions about the motivations of both the proponents and the opponents of the Bill.
Although this is not about any individual one of us, I think it is only fair that, because some questions have been asked, I put a few things on the record about my own position.
I do not come at this from a religious point of view—I am an atheist; I am a humanist.
My position is driven by my concerns about the practicalities of the Bill, rather than any religious viewpoint.
It has been suggested, particularly when people talk about their experience of talking to people who have lost loved ones or who are themselves terminally ill—this has been said to me on a number of occasions—that if we had seen someone suffering, we would agree with the Bill.
I have seen someone suffering.
Earlier this year, my closest friend died painfully of oesophageal cancer, and I was with him in the final weeks of his life.
I come at this from a position neither of faith, nor of ignorance, and I hope that the House will take those factors into consideration when I say what I am about to say.
On the TV last night, they did a survey of GPs.
The relationship between a GP and a patient is incredibly close.
When our children and grandchildren come into the world, our GP is involved.
When a GP has to deliver a diagnosis of terminal illness, there is fear not just in the eyes of the patient but in the eyes of the GP—the doctor, the friend we all have.
Does the right hon.
Gentleman recognise the importance of today’s debate and vote?
It will change forever that relationship of trust between the GP and the patient; it will do so in a negative way and it will never change ever again.
I will refer to the hon.
Gentleman’s point later in my speech.
I will try not to take too many interventions, because many people have not had the chance to speak in the debate and I want to give them the chance to do so.