He and his sister will never get over that night, nor the police investigation that followed.
Katie waved her mum off as she made the lonely and costly journey to Switzerland, where she had a peaceful and dignified death.
But the family had no chance to say a proper goodbye and her dad made the journey home grieving and alone.
Others have had to watch their loved ones die harrowing deaths despite receiving excellent end-of-life care.
Warwick’s wife Ann, suffering from peritoneal cancer, had the maximum dose of sedative, but it was not enough to stop the choking and suffocation, and she begged him to help her put an end to her suffering.
But he did not want her last memory to be of him stood over her with a pillow.
There are many, many more such stories.
Perhaps most importantly, I have spoken to terminally ill people themselves.
We have spent a lot of time talking about them, but not always with them.
Pamela and Sophie both have terminal breast cancer, and they shared their stories yesterday.
Pamela is a proud Christian who just wants to have choice when her time comes.
Sophie, who is allergic to opioids, wants to ensure that her beautiful daughter has nothing but happy memories of their time together.
Not supporting the Bill today is not a neutral act.
It is a vote for the status quo.
It fills me with despair to think that MPs could be here in another 10 years’ time hearing the same stories.
I thank my hon.
Friend for giving way; she is being very kind.
I came into this House supporting the principle of assisted dying, and I thought very carefully before voting against the Bill on Second Reading.
There are differing views, but I want to ask my hon.
Friend, before MPs put their name not to the principle of assisted dying but to this Bill specifically, why the vast majority of primary care doctors, geriatricians and groups representing people with disabilities, eating disorders and domestic violence are all opposed not to the principle but to this Bill specifically.
Some people who are supportive of the principle of assisted dying do not support this specific Bill; can my hon.
Friend explain their opposition?
I think we have covered that point already.
These are not homogeneous groups of people; they have different views and opinions.
If we look at the inconsistencies in the current law, it just does not make sense.
If someone with a terminal illness voluntarily stops eating and drinking, it is legal for them to starve themselves to death.
A competent patient has the right to refuse foods and fluids even if they will die.
The exercising of that right is sometimes proposed as an alternative to assisted dying.
I suppose it could be argued that starving oneself to death is one way of taking control at the end of life, but it is a deeply traumatic experience for the person and their loved ones, and there are people here today who have direct experience of that.
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
I will make some progress.
We have a system in which it legal for someone to starve themselves to death, which can take days or weeks, but where it is not legal for someone to seek assistance from a doctor to take an approved substance themselves to end their pain or suffering and take back control in their dying days.
It is also legal in this country for someone to discharge themselves from medical care or refuse life-sustaining treatment such as ventilation, CPR or antibiotics, as long as they have the mental capacity to do so and are making the decision of their own accord, without harassment from anyone else.
Colleagues might think that is fine, and I agree, but there is no requirement for two doctors, a psychiatrist, and a social worker, and there is no lawyer or judge.