Those are the principles that our great NHS was founded on.
We must ask ourselves whether those fundamental principles will still be intact if the Bill passes.
Will they be there to protect those who face a postcode lottery in healthcare and palliative care, the most vulnerable, and those who have faced the greatest hardships in life and feel like a burden?
Will those principles be there to protect those who feel like giving up, but whom we could help back up and push towards a better life?
Instead, we will be giving them a way to give up, even if they could have survived.
This is the question for all Members: what is the margin of error that we are willing to risk today when it comes to something as serious as death?
I urge Members to vote against this Bill.
The Mother of the House,  the right hon.
Member for Hackney North and Stoke Newington (Ms Abbott) , is absolutely right to stress the importance of giving a voice to the voiceless.
That is a role that many Members in this House take deeply seriously, including proponents of this Bill.
No one is more voiceless in this debate than those terminally ill adults who suffered painful, traumatic and undignified deaths under the current system, as well as their families.
Nothing that I could say makes the case for this Bill—not just the principle, but this Bill—more powerfully than this letter from my constituent, which is adapted to protect her anonymity:
“Following a diagnosis of an aggressive tumour, my partner’s final days were agony.
He struggled to breathe and swallow and lost his ability to speak.
He was incontinent & developed painful bedsores.
He repeatedly asked for help to end his life.
I entered his room to see that he had stuffed yards of his top sheet into his mouth in an attempt to suffocate.
It was the most distressing sight and one I will never forget.
I live with this image and cannot share it with our children.
This could have been avoided with an assisted dying law.”
I agree with the hon.
Member that people in those circumstances should be able to seek an assisted death.
However, the Bill allows someone to say to a doctor on a panel, “I want to go because I do not want to be a burden,” even if they are not suffering at that point in time.
It also allows them to say, “I want to go now, so that my family have a larger inheritance.”
Why should we support a Bill this afternoon that allows those things?
The hon.
Member will be aware that the Bill creates a criminal offence that would punish those who would coerce a relative in such a way. [
Hon.
Members: “Self-coerce.”]
There are folks who talk about the concept of self-coercion, but others would frame such a decision as a choice.
Self-coercion is a choice.
My constituent said,
“This could have been avoided with an assisted dying law.
My partner was from a jurisdiction where such a law exists.
A relative used that law.
They were able to gather their family, say a proper goodbye and die in peace and with dignity before losing all physical and mental capacity.”
Will the hon.
Member give way on that point?
I will not, to give others the chance to speak after me.
My constituent went on to say,
“The procedure to enable this was protracted and had several safeguards which would prevent much of the concerns we hear about by those opposed.
I urge you to support this bill”—
the Bill, and not just the principle.
I will do so because the status quo is completely unacceptable and must be reformed.
As a young doctor, I would have found the measures that we are debating completely unconscionable, but now that I am an old doctor, I feel sure that this is an essential change.