However, as she deteriorated, we could see that she was in indignity and a huge amount of pain, until eventually, she died.
It was, of course, not one of the happiest moments of my life.
Contrary to that experience, two or three years ago, I found myself going to the memorial service of one of my constituents, who was a truly wonderful person.
She, too, had died of pancreatic cancer, but because she had been in Spain at the time—she spent quite a lot of time in Spain with her husband—she had the opportunity to go through the state-provided assisted dying programme that is provided there.
I spoke to her widower very briefly, and it was fascinating to talk to him about it: he said it was an extraordinary, incredibly sad thing to have gone through, but that it was something that made her suffering much less.
It was almost a sort of quiet Sunday afternoon when it happened.
I saw those two people—my mother, who had the indignity and the pain and the suffering that she was terrified of, and my constituent, who had the opportunity to end it in a dignified way—and when I came to this debate, I was absolutely convinced that this was the right thing to do.
I have spent the past six or seven months engaging as hard as I could with those who I hoped would be able to persuade me of a different decision—to try to persuade me that I was wrong in my assumptions.
I have spoken to a huge number of people; I have joined in meetings with campaigners; I have read every email that has come in; and I have spoken to doctors and religious leaders, and I have yet to be persuaded that this is a bad thing to do.
There has been a huge amount of debate here—over 100 hours of debate, when we add it all together.
There have been loads of amendments, and people on both sides of the debate have been incredibly thoughtful, but are we possibly getting rid of the good in trying to find the perfect?
I do not know—I am not the world’s greatest legislator—but having listened to these debates, and given what I have seen at first hand, at the end of the day, I can only go through the Aye Lobby to support the hon.
Member for Spen Valley in all this extraordinary hard work.
The time has come when we need to end   suffering, where suffering can be put aside, rather than trying to do something super-perfect and allowing too many more people to suffer in the future.
I start by thanking my hon.
Friend  the Member for Spen Valley (Kim Leadbeater) , all the Members who served on the Committee and, indeed, the whole House for the approach that everyone has taken to this Bill.
I want to make it clear that I came to this Bill with an open mind.
Like many, I supported it in principle at first glance, but this debate is no longer about the principle of assisted death—that is not the decision before us today; it is not the issue on which we will walk through the Lobby when we decide to vote for or against this Bill.
Our responsibility in this place is to make sure that the Bill is safe, workable and effective.
That is the test that will lead us to vote for or against the Bill today.
As the Bill stands, it presents a public safety issue.
I spoke to the hon.
Lady beforehand, and I understand her concerns.
They are the same concerns I have, on behalf of those who have anorexia, those with mental health conditions, troubled people—those who would be vulnerable when this idea was presented to them.