I will refer to the hon.
Gentleman’s point later in my speech.
I will try not to take too many interventions, because many people have not had the chance to speak in the debate and I want to give them the chance to do so.
On Second Reading I made the point that we need to think about the detail of the Bill and not just vote in accordance with the broad principles.
I made the point that, because it is a private Member’s Bill, the opportunity to change it fundamentally is limited, and so we have an enhanced duty to get it right first time.
We were told on Second Reading that a lot of the concerns, worries and detailed questions would be resolved in Committee.
We were promised the gold standard: a judicially underpinned set of protections and safeguards.
Those protections did not make it through Committee.
I have also heard people say, where there are still problems, issues and concerns, that the Lords will do that work.
But none of us should think that it is right to subcontract our job to the other place.
We are making an incredibly important and fundamental change, as  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon)  highlighted, in the relationship between medical professionals and those they serve.
If we make that change, we will introduce a small but permanent question mark in the minds of every patient, particularly a patient who is discussing a serious illness or terminal diagnosis: “What is this medical professional expecting of me?
What are they thinking?
Where is their head?”
Whereas, with the situation we have at the moment, the patient knows that the medical professional is dutybound to do no harm, and to preserve life and dignity wherever possible.
Next Tuesday will be the second anniversary of my sister’s death.
Three weeks prior to her death, we took her to hospital because she had a blood infection.
Despite agreeing to allow her into intensive care to sort out that blood infection, the consultant then decided that she should not go, because she had a brain tumour and was going to die.
She was going to die, but not at that moment.
I am sure, Mr Speaker, that you can understand that a very big row ensued.
I won that row: she was made well, she came home, and she died peacefully.
What does the right hon.
Gentleman think would happen in identical circumstances if this Bill passes?
The hon.
Lady asks me to speculate about a set of circumstances that are personal and painful.
I suspect that she and I both know that the outcome could have been very different, and that the moments she had with her sister, just like those I had with my dear friend, might have been lost.
We have to recognise that this is an important moment.
While I respect  the hon.
Member for Spen Valley (Kim Leadbeater) , I disagree with her assessment that it is now or never; that it is this Bill or no Bill; and that a vote against it on Third Reading is a vote to maintain the status quo.
None of those things is true.
There will be plenty of opportunities.
Indeed, we are dutybound, stimulated by this debate—which is why I do not criticise the hon.
Lady for bringing forward the Bill—to have a serious conversation about palliative care.
Many people will say that these are not conflicting or contradictory positions.
But—and I will crack on because otherwise you will tell me off, Mr Speaker—we know that there could be circumstances where assisted dying would be on a statutory basis and the provision of palliative care would not.
We also have to address the point that we can all pray in aid individuals and institutions to reinforce our positions on this, but we cannot subcontract our decisions.