Now they face the inevitable: that they will die.
In fact, that is the only thing any of us know we will ever do, really.
I am sure that most of us think about and desire a peaceful, pain-free death where we slip off in our sleep at a ripe old age, having lived a good life, but the reality is that all of us and all our citizens—those for whom we legislate in this place—could face a painful and undignified  death.
That is why I believe that in the 21st century, like a growing number of other countries, we should change the law to permit choice at the end of life—or rather, choice towards the end of death—so that dying people can opt to have a death in the manner of their choosing and have an element of control over those last days.
YouGov polling published yesterday again showed that the public—the citizens we serve—back it too, with 75% supporting assisted dying in principle and 73% supporting the Bill as it stands.
As a co-sponsor of the Bill, and having served on the Bill Committee, I am pleased that it is had more scrutiny, challenge and debate than almost any other piece of legislation—over 100 hours, in fact.
Will the hon.
Member give way?
I am sorry, but we are short of time.
The changes that have been made, including many proposed by Members who do not support a change in the law but which have been adopted by the promoter of the Bill, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Spen Valley (Kim Leadbeater) , as well as those proposed during the process she has led in response to evidence submitted during the scrutiny process have led to a better Bill.
The Bill has greater safeguards for more vulnerable people, with mandatory training requirements, including in relation to coercion and capacity.
The Bill ensures judicial oversight of decision making by a range of experts, including psychiatrists, social workers and senior legal professionals.
The Bill will set out statutory protections for those workers who do not wish to take part in the assisted dying process on the basis of conscience, and quite right too.
The Bill will provide for one of the tightest, safest assisted dying laws in the world.
Importantly, the Bill has compassion at its core by affording dying people choice at the end of life.
I thank every one of my constituents who shared their views with me, whether for or against a change in the law.
I particularly thank all those who have disagreed with me, because good democracy and the right to disagree respectfully is hugely important; perhaps it is a debate for another time.
I also thank all those who have shared their personal stories of loved ones’ deaths, some brutal, painful and traumatic—a stark reminder that the status quo is simply unacceptable.
Others have shared experiences with loved ones who, in other jurisdictions, such as Australia, were able to have a peaceful death, surrounded by loved ones and at a time of their choosing.
As I come to a close, although not everyone would want to choose an assisted death, I believe that everyone should have the opportunity to choose one if they so wish.
It really is time that this House takes the important, compassionate and humane step towards making that a reality by voting for the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Bill.
That was a four-minute speech—thank you very much.
I now call the Father of the House.
I have served for many years with  the right hon.
Member for Hackney North and Stoke Newington (Ms Abbott)  and, dare I say it, we have not agreed on everything over the years, but we have published a few articles on this topic.
Those articles have always started with the fundamental principle of the NHS.