That should surely set off alarm bells.
Ultimately, because the Bill is such a fundamental change, we need to ensure that there is an enhanced level of scrutiny of its detail.
We all want to avoid and alleviate suffering wherever possible, but I do not believe that we have had the opportunity to get the Bill into the right shape.
That is why I will oppose Third Reading, and I encourage others to do likewise.
Order.
After the two opening speeches, we will now have a five-minute limit, and I hope that Members will restrict themselves to up to five minutes.
The Mother of the House will now give us a very good example.
This may be the most fateful Bill that we discuss this Parliament.
It is literally a matter of life and death.
I have heard talk today of the injustices of the current situation.
What could be more unjust than someone losing their life because of poorly drafted legislation?
We hear about panels.
The people talking about panels presumably have not had much to do with them.
I would not put my life, or the life of anyone dear to me, in the hands of a panel of officials.
I stress, right from the beginning, that it is perfectly possible to support assisted dying, as I do, but not be prepared to vote for this Bill.
There is so much that is problematic about it.
First, as I believe is widely understood, there has not been enough time to debate the Bill.
Secondly, a Bill of this seriousness should be given more time.
Does the right hon.
Lady find it rather peculiar that the previous Parliament spent 746 hours discussing the death of a fox and about 98 hours discussing the death of fellow humans?
There has been a lot of talk about there being no evidence of coercion, but within the family, the most powerful coercion is silence: it is the failure to answer when a question is put.
If police cannot spot coercion in domestic violence, how can they be expected to spot coercion in assisted dying?
The Royal College of Pathologists and the former chief coroner have pointed out that without a role for a coroner, the Bill raises the possibility of foul play.
When an amendment was tabled in Committee to deal with that, however, it was opposed.
The Bill would allow private for-profit contractors to run an assisted dying service with no profit cap and no transparency, but when an amendment was tabled in Committee to deal with that point, it was opposed.
We have heard—and we will hear over and over again in this debate—about choice.
This Bill may produce choice for those of us, like almost everybody in this House, who have for the entirety of their adult life been confident in dealing with authority and institutions, but even then, the Bill would need amendments.
But what choice does the Bill hold for someone who, all their life, has lacked agency, particularly in a family context, which may be particularly the case in certain cultures and communities?
And what choice does the Bill offer to those who lack access to good palliative care?
As the former Prime Minister Gordon Brown has put it, our law should not
“focus on the few who wish for assisted dying and do too little to support the majority of those facing their final days who want—and deserve—access to the best of palliative care.”
What choice is it for those who think that, because their doctor raises it with them at all, they are being guided in that direction?
An amendment that might have addressed that issue was rejected in Committee.
It is a possibility that proponents of the Bill do not take seriously at all, but anyone who knows how institutions work should be watchful of it.