What choice is it for those who think that, because their doctor raises it with them at all, they are being guided in that direction?
An amendment that might have addressed that issue was rejected in Committee.
It is a possibility that proponents of the Bill do not take seriously at all, but anyone who knows how institutions work should be watchful of it.
I came to this House to be a voice for the voiceless—that has not always been favoured by my own leadership, but that is why I came to the House.
Who could be more voiceless than somebody who is in their sick bed and believes that they are dying?
I ask Members in this debate to speak up for the voiceless one more time.
There is no doubt that if the Bill is passed in its current form, there will be people among the most vulnerable and marginalised in our society who lose their lives unnecessarily.
I therefore implore the House to reject this Bill—not because I am opposed to assisted dying in principle, but because my concern is for vulnerable and marginalised persons and communities.
rose—
Order.
I reiterate the admonition that Mr Speaker has offered.
This is one of the most far-reaching considerations that the House—even those of us who have been here for a very long time—can remember.
It is understandable that a lot of Members will wish to take part, from across the House and on both sides of the argument, but looking around, it is quite clear that we cannot accommodate everybody.
This means there will inevitably be a considerable number of interventions.
All I would say, gently, is that interventions will be taken into account when considering the order of priority in which Members are called.
I start off by saying a huge thank you to  the hon.
Member for Spen Valley (Kim Leadbeater)  for the extraordinary amount of work she has done across this whole debate.
This is the first time I have spoken in this debate, and, like many Members whose speeches I have heard, I come to it through personal experience.
I have heard many stories of people whose relations have died; in my case, it was my mother who died.
In 2012, she was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer.
My father-in-law was a consultant, so I phoned him up and asked what that meant, and he said that she had a 90% chance of dying.
I was prepared for it, but eventually the time came when I got the call saying that her health had started to deteriorate, so I went down to see her—I spoke to the Whips, and took time off work here—and watched the start of the decline from something as painful and difficult as pancreatic cancer, which, as those who have witnessed it will know, was not a nice moment.
My mother was not frightened of dying at all.
She would talk about it; she knew that she was going to die.
However, she was terrified of the pain, and on many occasions, she asked me and Caroline, my wife, if we could make it end.
We could not, of course.
She had very, very good care from the NHS—the nurses came twice a day, she was on a morphine driver, and the GP came to see her, so she was looked after well.
However, as she deteriorated, we could see that she was in indignity and a huge amount of pain, until eventually, she died.
It was, of course, not one of the happiest moments of my life.
Contrary to that experience, two or three years ago, I found myself going to the memorial service of one of my constituents, who was a truly wonderful person.