I felt disturbed by quite a lot of the emails that I received from constituents—some of them who are my friends and people I like—implying that we here are either too stupid or careless to care for  the most vulnerable.
Is it not true that we all do care, whatever decision we make today, and that we have to continue to educate people and tell them what this Bill is about?
I thank the hon.
Member for that intervention, and she is absolutely right; the detail does matter.
That is why I am so grateful to colleagues who have engaged in the detail.
We know that there are different views within the public, and we have to take on board the concerns of vulnerable groups—that is why the safeguards are so important—but I would also say that there is no one more vulnerable than someone who is dying.
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
I am just going to make some progress.
Patients must have
“an inevitably progressive illness or disease which cannot be reversed by treatment”
and a person is not considered to be terminally ill only because they have a disability or a mental disorder.
These clear, strict criteria, plus the multiple capacity assessments, exclude possible serious mental health disorders such as anorexia.
I was also very pleased to support the change advocated for by Marie Curie and Hospice UK, which would ensure an assessment of palliative and end-of-life care as part of the first report on the Act.
We know from other countries, in no small part due to the 14-month inquiry by the Health and Social Care Committee, that palliative care and assisted dying can and do work side by side to give terminally ill patients the care and choice they deserve in their final days.
It should not be an either/or for dying people, and we need to channel our energies into supporting all options for terminally ill people.
I am very grateful to the hon.
Lady for giving way.
As she knows, the leading experts in palliative care have come out to oppose the Bill, and they point to the fact that hospices are underfunded and do not have the same ability to serve patients.
I therefore gently question whether we are in a position today to make a judgment that patients truly would have a choice at the end of life.
I thank him for his intervention, but I would say, as I have said previously, that people working in palliative care have a mixed range of views on this subject.
I have met with palliative care doctors, and some are very supportive of a change in the law because of the suffering they have seen.
Will my hon.
Friend give way on that particular point?
I am just going to make some progress, if I may.
But, as I was saying, it is an either/or decision for us today: either we vote for the safe, effective, workable reform contained in this Bill, or we say that the status quo is acceptable.
Over recent months, I have heard hundreds of stories from people who have lost loved ones in deeply difficult and traumatic circumstances, along with many terminally   ill people themselves.
I spent some time with some of these families yesterday.
They are real people with real stories and they deserve to be heard.
Adil’s terminally ill father took his own life by buying drugs on the dark web.
It was his third attempt, and Adil found him in a truly desperate state.
He and his sister will never get over that night, nor the police investigation that followed.
Katie waved her mum off as she made the lonely and costly journey to Switzerland, where she had a peaceful and dignified death.
But the family had no chance to say a proper goodbye and her dad made the journey home grieving and alone.