8 In section 205 (remedy for infringement of certain rights), after subsection (1) insert—
“(1XA) In relation to the right conferred by section 43N(1), the reference in subsection (1) to an employee has effect as a reference to a worker.”
9 In section 230 (definitions of employees, workers etc) in subsection (6)—
(a) after “43K” insert “, 43N(3)”;
(b) after “Part IVA” insert “, section 43N”.
”—(Kim Leadbeater.)
This new Schedule amends the Employment Rights Act 1996 so as to provide remedies for persons subjected to detriment for exercising or proposing a right conferred by NC10 or for participating in the provision of assistance in accordance with, or performing any other function under, the Bill.
Brought up, read the First and Second time, and added to the Bill.
Amendments made: 78, page 42, line 26, at end insert
“, or
(b) abstains from voting on such a decision.”
This amendment ensures that a panel must not grant certificate of eligibility unless all members consider that such a certificate should be granted.
Amendment 79, page 43, line 7, at end insert—
“(2) As soon as reasonably practicable after making a decision, a panel must give the following a document containing its reasons for the decision—
(a) the person to whom the referral in question relates;
(b) the coordinating doctor in relation to the person;
(c) the Commissioner.
”—(Kim Leadbeater.)
This amendment requires a panel to give the persons mentioned a document containing its reasons for any decision made by the panel.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
There are reports of an extremely serious incident at Brize Norton, which is being described as vandalism but, if course, may be worse.
Will there be a statement from the Ministry of Defence later?
I can say that I have been given no notice of the incident at Brize Norton; I know nothing of the incident.
Those on the Front Bench will have heard the point.
I would not want to interrupt today’s proceedings.
If the incident was that serious and somebody was so minded, we could always put something on at the end of proceedings, but that would be for others, not for me at this stage.
Third Reading
A huge number of Members have indicated that they wish to speak in the debate.
I hope that Members will restrict themselves to a reasonable amount of time—after the two opening speeches, I will advise on five minutes—to enable other colleagues to participate.
We need shorter speeches to enable all Members, or as many as possible, to contribute.
I shall make it clear that the Chair retains the right to impose a formal time limit, but I would rather colleagues helped each other.
After all, it is an important day, and we do want to hear as many views as possible.
I beg to move, That the Bill be now read the Third time.
It is an honour and a privilege to open the debate on Third Reading of the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Bill.
It has been a long journey to get here, and I do not underestimate the significance of this day.
It is not often that we are asked to wrestle with issues of morality, ethics and humanity, but with great privilege in this job comes great responsibility, and never more so than at a time like this.
Benjamin Franklin told us that
“in this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes.”
In this House we debate the latter incessantly, but here and in the country as a whole discussing death is something that we tend to shy away from, yet it will come to us all and to all those we love.
We all have our own experiences of death, loss and grief.
There are good deaths and bad deaths.
I, like many, have experienced both.
I appreciate that, for some colleagues, the journey to this point has been a difficult one.