I have served for many years with  the right hon.
Member for Hackney North and Stoke Newington (Ms Abbott)  and, dare I say it, we have not agreed on everything over the years, but we have published a few articles on this topic.
Those articles have always started with the fundamental principle of the NHS.
Some of us—maybe myself included—have been rather critical of the NHS over the years, but at least when we go into the NHS, we know that everybody is really trying their best to preserve life.
That is the fundamental principle.
The reason why the right hon.
Lady and I both oppose the Bill is that, as has been said several times, we are not talking about just a principle here; we are talking about an actual Bill.
I know some people will criticise me and say, “Oh, you would oppose this, because of your religious views and all the rest of it.”
Actually, I take quite a sensible and, I hope, pragmatic approach to this.
I have listened to all these debates, and we have heard so many harrowing stories of people’s last hours.
I think we should treat people on both sides of this argument with respect, understand their points of view, and respect the dignity of dying people.
I have always taken the view that we should open up this debate.
Actually, I have brought forward a ten-minute rule Bill—which of course will be objected to at half-past 2 this afternoon—saying that we should have a full study, led by the Department of Health and Social Care, by health professionals, to work out how we can help people in their final hours.
I have been to many hospices and care homes, and talked to many palliative care specialists who assure me that they have the resources and skills nowadays to make those final hours pain-free and bearable, but we have heard testimony from others saying that that is not possible.
If they could convince me that there were some extreme cases where people were dying in agony, totally lacking in dignity in their final hours, then I would listen to those arguments, but I do not think that is the Bill that we have before us today.
I therefore urge Members to remember that we will be voting on a Bill, and I think that the Bill is so riddled through with difficulties and inconsistencies.
I think it will be subject to human rights legislation.
It is very difficult to argue that we can ask somebody to assist in a person’s death when they are within six months of dying of cancer—although there is no universal testimony or acceptance about how we work out those six months—but not if they are suffering from some appalling degenerative disease or are a quadriplegic or have no quality of life.
So I think there is actually an argument that, if we pass this Bill today, we will move in the direction of Canada and we will have death on demand.
I will end on this point.
Before voting for this Bill, just pause for a moment and think, “Wouldn’t it be better?”
We have heard about the many hours on the abortion Bill, and the universality of clinical acceptance of it.
Before we vote for this Bill, do we not think that we should ask the Health Department to have a profound and knowledgeable study, working with the royal colleges, on whether it is possible to have decent palliative care, not just in our wonderful hospices, but in all our hospitals?
There is no doubt that in recent years, particularly since Shipman, there has been a fear among many NHS health  professionals about providing that degree of palliative care—that degree of morphine, fentanyl or these hugely effective modern drugs.
So, just pause and think.