There are good deaths and bad deaths.
I, like many, have experienced both.
I appreciate that, for some colleagues, the journey to this point has been a difficult one.
I want to pay tribute to the way in which the overwhelming majority of Members have approached the subject.
Second Reading back in November was quite rightly seen as an example of Parliament at its best.
Contributions from across the  Chamber were incredibly powerful, the atmosphere was respectful, and people listened with care.
I hope that we will see the same today.
I want to thank you, Mr Speaker, and your team along with the fantastic Clerks and procedural experts who have ensured that parliamentary protocols have been followed and have guided us through the intricacies of what can be a complex parliamentary process—one that is steeped in tradition, but not always easy to follow.
Of course, process is important, but it is also important to remember that we are not voting on the merits of parliamentary procedure; we are voting on an issue that matters deeply to our constituents.
Indeed, the issue before us is very personal for many people—so many of our constituents, but many of us as well.
It is an issue that transcends party politics.
I thank colleagues from across the House who have shared their very personal stories with me.
I am grateful to all colleagues who have studied the detail of the Bill.
It is essential that we come to a decision based on the content of what it actually says.
I have been pleased to work with Members on all sides of the debate to ensure that the legislation is something that Parliament can be proud of—a cogent, workable Bill that has one simple thread running through it: the need to correct the profound injustices of the status quo and to offer a compassionate and safe choice to terminally ill people who want to make it.
I will not go into the amendments in detail, as I know that is not the purpose of this debate, but whether by adding further safeguards and protections for patients through additional training around coercive control, the addition of specialist expertise through the inclusion of multidisciplinary panels, widening the provision for professionals to opt out of the assisted dying process, providing additional employment protections, or prohibiting the advertising of assisted dying, cross-party working has strengthened the Bill.
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for giving way.
What level of concern does it give her that, between Second Reading and today, a growing canon of professionals and their independent professional bodies have urged great caution about this Bill, not on the principle, but because they are opposed to the details of this Bill and believe it should be defeated?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his intervention.
I think what he is saying is that people have got different views, and they do have different views; we have different views in this House, and different people in different professions have different views.
Every royal college has a neutral position on assisted dying because of that.
I have been pleased to work with Members on all sides of the debate to ensure that this legislation is something that Parliament can be proud of, and the many safeguards in this Bill ensure that only terminally ill patients who are eligible under the strict criteria and want to access assisted dying can do so.
I felt disturbed by quite a lot of the emails that I received from constituents—some of them who are my friends and people I like—implying that we here are either too stupid or careless to care for  the most vulnerable.
Is it not true that we all do care, whatever decision we make today, and that we have to continue to educate people and tell them what this Bill is about?
I thank the hon.