Amendment 57, page 5, line 14, leave out “include training about” and insert “provide that the practitioner must have had training about the following”.
This clarifies that the obligation under subsection (7) is to specify training about certain matters.
Amendment 58, page 5, line 18, leave out
“specific and up-to-date training on”.
This clarifies that the training is to be about adjustments and safeguards for autistic people and person with a learning disability (rather than training about training about such matters).
Amendment 59, page 5, line 19, at end insert—
“(d) domestic abuse.
”—(Kim Leadbeater.)
This is a drafting change (moving the duty for the regulations to require the coordinating doctor to have received training on domestic abuse so that it is located with other similar duties).
See also amendment 74, which defines “domestic abuse” for the purposes of the Bill.
Amendment made: 60, page 7, line 1, at end insert—
“(6) Where—
(a) a referral is made under subsection (3)(c),
(b) the independent doctor dies or through illness is unable or unwilling to act as the independent doctor, and
(c) no report under section 10 has been made by virtue of the referral,
a further referral may be made under subsection (3)(c).
(7) Where a referral is made to a registered medical practitioner by virtue of subsection (6), that practitioner becomes the independent doctor (replacing the registered medical practitioner to whom a referral was originally made) and sections 10 to 12 and (Replacing the coordinating or independent doctor where unable or unwilling to continue to act) apply accordingly.
”—(Kim Leadbeater.)
This amendment makes provision, corresponding to the provision in clause 12 about the death or illness of a doctor from whom a second opinion is sought, for a further referral to be made where, before reporting, the independent doctor dies or through illness is unable or unwilling to act.
Amendments made: 61, page 8, line 22, leave out “include training about” and insert
“provide that the practitioner must have had training about the following”.
This clarifies that the obligation under subsection (10) is to specify training about certain matters.
Amendment 62, page 8, line 25, at end insert—
“(c) domestic abuse.
”—(Kim Leadbeater.)
This is a drafting change.
Amendment made: 63, page 9, line 44, leave out “, disease or condition” and insert “or disease”.—(Kim Leadbeater.)
This amendment aligns the wording used here with the wording used in Clause 2(1) (which defines what it means to be “terminally ill” for the purposes of the Bill).
Amendments made: 64, page 10, line 40, leave out “section 10 and 11” and insert
“sections 10, 11 and (Replacing the coordinating or independent doctor where unable or unwilling to continue to act)”.
This amendment is consequential on NC11.
Amendment 65, page 11, line 3, at end insert
“and section (Replacing the coordinating or independent doctor where unable or unwilling to continue to act)(6)(a)(ii)”.—(Kim Leadbeater.)
This amendment is consequential on NC11.
Amendments made: 66, page 19, line 21, leave out “subsection (3)” and insert “subsection (2)”.
This is a drafting change.
Amendment 67, page 19, line 32, at end insert—
“(6A) An approved substance may be provided to a person under subsection (2) by—
(a) preparing a device which will enable that person to self-administer the substance, and
(b) providing that person with the device.
In the case of an approved substance so provided, the reference in subsection (3) to the approved substance is to be read as a reference to the device.”
This amendment clarifies how the clause works in cases where an approved substance is provided by preparing a device and providing a person with the device.
Amendment 68, page 19, line 36, leave out paragraph (b). —(
Kim Leadbeater.)
This amendment is consequential on amendment 67.