What is he doing in the UK’s discussions with the United States to ensure that specific Scottish interests, such as those of the whisky industry, are part of the arrangements?
As I have said at the Dispatch Box before, it is vital that we do all we can to strengthen our diplomatic, cultural and business ties with the United States.
I was in Washington and New York for Tartan Week in the week when tariffs were imposed on the rest of the world, and I made the case for Scotch whisky and Scottish businesses in particular.
We are engaging with Scottish exporters and industry representatives to assess the potential impact of US tariffs, and remain in contact with US counterparts.
Our pragmatic and calm approach has been overwhelmingly welcomed by businesses and industry.
We will not address this important issue in a knee-jerk way to get retweets, unlike some others in this House.
Will the Secretary of State join me in welcoming the pragmatic and calm approach of our Prime Minister to this issue?
He is working in the clear interests of businesses and consumers, in contrast to Opposition Members, who seem interested only in social media and quick headlines.
I could not agree more with my hon.
Friend.
The pragmatic approach of the Prime Minister and this Government to this issue has been welcomed by industry and businesses right across the United Kingdom.
That is in the national interests of the UK.
We work very hard together to make sure that the impacts of US tariffs on the UK are not as bad as we thought they might be.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 23 April.
The entire House will join me in paying tribute to His Holiness Pope Francis, an extraordinary man.
His lifelong work on fairness will leave a lasting legacy.
People of all backgrounds and beliefs were inspired by his humility and compassion, and the outpouring of grief and love that we have seen  in the last two days or so shows the respect and admiration that he was held in around the world.
I will attend his funeral on Saturday and pay tribute to his courage and leadership.
May His Holiness rest in peace.
I also wish everyone in England a very happy St George’s day.
There is a lot to celebrate: our history, our values and our culture.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
May I also wish those in the Chamber a happy St George’s day?
After a cost of living crisis overseen by the chaotic Conservative Government, many in the tourist industry in Torbay believed that they had weathered the storm, as did those in Devon and Cornwall.
However, many in the tourist industry in Torbay fear that the Government’s national insurance contribution hikes and effective jobs tax could be the last nail in the coffin for some of those businesses.
In the light of that, will the Prime Minister give me the pleasure of showing him round Paignton zoo this summer, so he can see this outstanding, amazing tourist attraction in Torbay?
It is one of many across the west of England that, sadly, are massively impacted by the jobs tax.
May I start by wishing Jennie, the hon.
Gentleman’s guide dog, a very happy birthday for yesterday?
She is six years old—although she does not look particularly interested in my answer, I have to say.
I recognise the importance of tourism to the hon.
Gentleman’s beautiful constituency—I have been there many times, and worked there for a short time—in driving growth and creating jobs.
We have announced a new Visitor Economy Advisory Council, which will work with business to deliver a new strategy that is focused on supporting growth and the tourism industry.