Member for Birmingham Yardley (Jess Phillips) , is, as I understand it, currently rewriting the violence against women and girls strategy for publication later this spring, and to that end, now is the time to legislate for such a change to be formalised.
It should be noted that when the Government state their hope to halve violence against women and girls, the start-state of that data currently includes victims who are men and boys.
Victims of gender-based violence face many barriers that prevent them from reporting instances of abuse: the fear of not being believed; the threat that the perpetrator may still pose; or the simple fact of not being aware of the services available to help or being aware and not being able to access them.
There are also the complexities around the consequences of disclosure, such as the impact on living arrangements or financial security and how this can, in turn, lead to instances of coercive control.
For men and boys, however,  there are additional factors: the shame and stigma of not appearing to be masculine, of being vulnerable, of potentially having their sexuality outed, and of being the victim of a crime considered, and officially referred to, as applying to female victims.
The majority of men seeking help have coped alone, often for long periods, and are still living with their abusive partners.
Men in such circumstances might need help with housing and finances, and, in circumstances involving dependent children, with how they can maintain their role as a father.
Safety planning for this group of men must be initiated at the point of disclosure, as the majority of those seeking help do not return to those providing it following first contact.
The crime survey for England and Wales for the year ending September 2024 showed that 3% of men aged 16 and over were victims of domestic abuse between September 2023 and September 2024, compared with 6.6% of women.
According to Women’s Aid’s 2025 annual audit report, as of May 2024 there were just 50 refuges in England with bed spaces for men.
As such, of a total of 63,950 people supported in safe accommodation in that period, only 1,830 were men.
There is also a difference in the needs of men who are gay, bisexual or trans.
Owing to the complexities of the nature of these relationships and the risk of being outed, of being the victim of prejudice or of being disowned by family members, male victims are less likely to report domestic abuse to statutory services.
Carlisle and Withers Green’s 2023 survey highlighted that over 70% of gay, bisexual and trans male victims of domestic abuse had never sought support from a statutory service provider.
Their statistics are therefore not recorded in any official figures and as a result these victims find themselves further isolated, increasing their vulnerability to abuse.
Sexual abuse against men is a vastly under-reported crime: one in four adults sexually assaulted in the UK each year is a man; one in 10 rapes and one in seven sexual assaults have male victims according to the Office for National Statistics; 3.5% of boys become victims of child sexual abuse before they turn 16; one in four victims of child sexual abuse are men; and over 70% of child sex abusers are people known to their victims.
Shame, stigma, homophobia and emasculation are all factors in preventing sexual abuse from being reported.
It often takes years for a male victim to report a sexual assault to the police.
Male sexual assault survivors are three times more likely to tell a family member, friend or colleague than they are to report an incident to the police.
Data from the Office for National Statistics suggests that fewer than a third of male victims of sexual assault have ever disclosed what they have experienced.