Let me join my hon.
Friend in welcoming the new Brixton blood donor centre and the lifesaving support that it provides.
Increasing donor diversity is a priority for the NHS, and we are working to increase Ro blood donations by engaging with communities who are more likely to have that blood type.
I will ensure that she meets the relevant Health Minister to discuss what more we can do in this area.
British Governments of all political persuasions have long taken pride in reducing the carbon footprint of the British manufacturing industry.
Unfortunately, in too many cases, too much of that so-called reduction has been achieved by driving British industry abroad to countries such as China and India that actually use more carbon to produce the same product—British Steel is just the latest example of that—which is bad for the global environment and disastrous for the British economy.
That is against a background of European carbon policies that have failed over 20 years.
Does the Prime Minister have a new domestic British policy that will protect British industry from this disastrous long-term trend?
We are doing everything available to us to protect car building in this country.
The right hon.
Gentleman will have noticed that two weeks ago, I made announcements about the zero emission vehicle mandate and what more we could do to support the industry.
That was an immediate response to circumstances as they were, but I indicated at the time—and I do so again—that we will do whatever it takes to support our car industry.
My constituent Billy spent months trying to see a GP to investigate his symptoms.
It took four months of telephone appointments before he was finally seen in person and got the test that diagnosed stage 4 cancer.
That delay in diagnosis has dramatically changed the prognosis, and as someone who has become a friend, it hurts me to see the pain that he is now living in.
Does the Prime Minister agree that primary care is a vital part of the healthcare system and that we need wider access to both in-person and telephone appointments?
I am deeply sorry to hear about Billy’s case; I am sure the whole House is.
Our focus has to be on making sure that GPs spend more time caring for patients.
That includes the investment of an additional £889 million in general practice in England, which has put over 1,500 GPs into surgeries since October.
We did deliver a record settlement for Scotland’s public services to help fix our NHS and ensure that people like Billy get the care that they deserve.
Through the ages, an innovative and vibrant City of London has underpinned investment and growth in the wider economy, but the main challenge the City currently faces is how to get more capital into capital markets.
Like many, I believe that London could gain new momentum if the Government took bold action to challenge and empower those who steward our pension assets to do things in new ways.
Following the Chancellor’s decision to offer continuity of leadership at the Financial Conduct Authority, will the Prime Minister convene an urgent No.
10 summit with City leaders and the regulators to provide a reset and to maximise the chances that the City can lead economic growth and recovery in these times of grave uncertainty and turmoil?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right that we need to go further and faster in kick-starting growth and attracting the investment we need to create jobs, and that our regulators must regulate for growth and not just for risk.
We do want that continuity of leadership that he mentioned, and we are convening and getting people together to drive growth.
We will take away the ideas that he put on the table.