Gentleman raises a point that is of real interest and importance to farmers.
We will negotiate, as he would expect, in the national interest and uphold the highest animal welfare standards.
We are making progress on that, and there will then be a process if a deal is reached.
This time last year, train manufacturing at Alstom in Derby was grinding to a halt.
On a single day, workers with a combined welding experience of nearly 1,000 years walked out of its doors, but the whole city came together with crucial backing from this Prime Minister.
What a difference a year makes, with Alstom saved and set to host the greatest gathering to celebrate 200 years of rail and our railways coming back into public ownership, with the headquarters of Great British Railways in Derby.
Does the Prime Minister agree that, with Labour, we are back on track?
My hon.
Friend is a fantastic champion for Derby.
She is right: whether it is the workforce I met at Alstom or the workers at Hitachi in County Durham, we will support our rail industry, providing certainty that delivers jobs, investment and security.
I met those workforces.
I know how worried they were a year ago, as she rightly says, when the previous Government were in charge.
I am really proud that Derby will be the home of Great British Railways, because we are bringing railways back into public ownership to provide better services for passengers, cutting delays and cancellations and boosting growth across the country.
I and my party join the Prime Minister in his condolences for the passing of His Holiness Pope Francis.
The Prime Minister has often referred to his time working in Northern Ireland, and I have spoken to one of his bosses, who speaks of his diligence.
In that vein, could he speak to his Northern Ireland team about their understanding of the Belfast/Good Friday agreement?
In an interview, the Secretary of State seemed to think that it had been negotiated by Ian Paisley, rather than David Trimble and my party.
His Northern Ireland Minister said at the start of this week that the future of Northern Ireland as part of the Union is dependent on opinion polls and she was not sure whether she was a Unionist.
Will the Prime Minister confirm to me his understanding of the principle of consent and confirm to this House that he is a Unionist?
I thank the hon.
Member for that question.
I did work in Northern Ireland for five years and therefore appreciate at first hand how important these issues are.
It was a very formative period for me in terms of my career and my thinking.
The Good Friday agreement is one of the proudest achievements of the last Labour Government.
I pay tribute to everybody who helped to bring that about, because, as the hon.
Member and other Members will know, it was such an important moment in the history of the conflict.
I absolutely stand four-square behind its principles, some of which I was doing my part to help implement when I was working in Northern Ireland, and they will always drive me on the issues that he raises with me.
Happy St George’s Day, Mr Speaker.
May I associate myself with the Prime Minister’s remarks about Pope Francis?
After 14 years of a Conservative Government, too many of my constituents live on low incomes or in real poverty.
I very much welcome the employment support proposals in the welfare Green Paper, but the Government have to be clear about the real opportunities they are offering to the more than 3 million families who they say will lose out financially as a result of this package.