I was with the hon.
Lady almost up until that point.
I congratulate her on opening the debate.
It is absolutely true that the new hospital programme did not deliver new hospitals and was unfunded under the Tories.
However, it is being funded now under Labour.
Money  is being invested in my local hospitals, in the Imperial College Healthcare NHS trust, and it is preparing for major rebuilds.
Will she perhaps give the new Government a little credit for what they have done, and correctly identify the shambles that we were left with?
The hon.
Member will be aware that there were not 40 new hospitals—they were not all hospitals and there were not 40 of them.
The issue here is that the start dates for work on many hospitals that need urgent rebuilding have been pushed back into the 2030s, long beyond the life of this Parliament.
The people who are served by those hospitals were promised new facilities and have not had them.
That is devastating for those communities.
If the Conservative approach was contemptible, Labour’s approach has been to procrastinate.
The cost to the NHS of papering over the cracks and keeping hospitals running past their natural lifespan is enormous.
That is why the Government must reverse the delay to the new hospital programme at once and urgently deliver the new hospitals that patients have long been promised.
I wonder if the hon.
Member can explain to me how spending £22 billion extra on the national health service this year can in any way be described as procrastination.
It is important to recognise that the additional investment in the NHS amounts to about £10 billion a year—according to Office for Budget Responsibility numbers, which I am sure the hon.
Gentleman has looked at—because of the cost of national insurance hikes and of compensating other public sector employers for those hikes.
The £22 billion figure is somewhat misleading.
The point that we are making is that it is a false economy to keep those buildings going, to keep repairing a crumbling estate, to keep patching up and putting a sticking plaster on those problems.
Those buildings need to be demolished and rebuilt, so that approach is a false economy.
It would be much better to build new buildings up front and save on future repair costs.
We need to ensure that no one is treated in broken, uncomfortable and unsafe facilities.
Repairing and replacing crumbling, substandard hospitals is not only vital for delivering better care and treating-more patients, but crucial for rebuilding the economy after years of Conservative economic vandalism.
How much would all this cost?
In my county of Shropshire, the cost of the maintenance backlog across all sites has reached about £75 million.
I am sure that everyone here would agree that £75 million is a lot of money—indeed, it is so much that it is the total amount of Government capital investment for hospices this year—but in terms of hospital maintenance it is a drop in the ocean.
Torbay hospital needs more than £50 million to clear the backlog, Watford hospital has a backlog of £63 million, and Hull royal infirmary requires an eye-watering £70 million.
Across England, the figure is a colossal £13.8 billion—and that is just to bring our existing hospital estate to the minimum standard.
The hon.
Member is right that a huge amount of money needs to be spent.
A lot of that goes back to the fact that, as  Lord Darzi tells us, £37 billion less was spent on hospital buildings in the 2010s than was necessary.
Will she remind me who was in government for the for half of the 2010s?
The hon.
Gentleman will be aware that, when one comes into government and has to clean up the mess left behind by the previous Government, one has to make difficult choices.