765, c. 14WC.] (
Correction)
I do not think I even need to answer that; the right hon.
Gentleman is a man who knows how to facilitate that, and I know the matter will not end here.
That is not a point of order for the Chair, and I am not carrying on questions, but he has certainly got the matter on the record and I know he will now pursue it in the many ways available to him.
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No.
57 )
Daisy Cooper presented a Bill to require water companies to prioritise areas with chalk streams and related habitats when investing in new and upgraded sewerage systems, including foul water leak prevention and the replacement or upgrading of porous sewage pipelines; and for connected purposes.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 11 July  and to be printed (Bill 223).
Motion for leave to bring in a Bill ( Standing Order No.
23 )
12.39 pm
I beg to move,
That leave be given to bring in a Bill to require the Secretary of State to prepare and publish a strategy for tackling interpersonal abuse and violence against men and boys; and for connected purposes.
This Labour Government have pledged to halve instances of violence against women and girls, an intent that I have no doubt those on both sides of this House are fully able to support.
The aim of this Bill is to tackle an aspect of the current violence against women and girls strategy—an aspect that makes no sense and that it is essential for the Government to address.
The violence against women and girls strategy currently includes male victims of violence against women and girls.
The Government still define violence against women and girls, or VAWG, as a category of crimes which disproportionately affect women.
Therefore, all victims of crimes such as domestic abuse, rape, sexual assault, digital image abuse, forced marriage and honour-based violence, including men and boys, are considered victims of VAWG.
I want to make it clear that this Bill in no way detracts from the work already done and still to be done in tackling violence against women and girls; the Bill simply aims to ensure that male victims of those crimes have a dedicated strategy that reflects the differing nature of their circumstances and ensures that male survivors are recognised and receive appropriate support.
The current mis-categorisation forces male victims into spaces and discussions that may more appropriately be reserved for women.
At present the Government have no dedicated strategy for tackling interpersonal abuse and violence against men and boys.
In 2019, the previous Government published their first ever position statement on male victims, and they followed this in 2022 with an addendum on supporting male victims.
The change in Government and a revised strategy on violence against women and girls present a new opportunity to devise a parallel strategy for violence against men and boys in lieu of any direction from the Government regarding the publication of a new, updated position statement.
The Minister for Safeguarding,  the hon.
Member for Birmingham Yardley (Jess Phillips) , is, as I understand it, currently rewriting the violence against women and girls strategy for publication later this spring, and to that end, now is the time to legislate for such a change to be formalised.
It should be noted that when the Government state their hope to halve violence against women and girls, the start-state of that data currently includes victims who are men and boys.
Victims of gender-based violence face many barriers that prevent them from reporting instances of abuse: the fear of not being believed; the threat that the perpetrator may still pose; or the simple fact of not being aware of the services available to help or being aware and not being able to access them.