As a result, the original plans have been scaled back and their value diminished.
My hon.
Friend mentions the inordinate delays that occur with regard to applications for capital funds.
I have watched with horror as my local hospital trust in West Hertfordshire has had to submit business case after business case while watching the costs rack up.
Does she agree that one way to spend the allocated money more efficiently would be by devolving those budgets to local hospital trusts, rather than having a centralised programme that drives up the costs?
I could not agree more.
That is exactly the situation we saw in Shropshire.
Once again, the people who will suffer are the patients.
Last year, less than £900 million of the £13.8 billion required to eradicate the repair backlog for hospitals was invested—just 6.5%.
It does not take an accountant to work out that at that rate, it will take 15 years to clear the current backlog, let alone the further deterioration of the crumbling buildings.
Investment in eradicating the repair backlog fell sharply from £1.4 billion in 2021 to £895 million in 2023-24—a fall of 37%.
I am afraid that, just like their approach to fixing social care, the Government’s continued lack of imagination and ambition is leaving our NHS less productive and less stable, which risks leaving millions languishing on NHS waiting lists.
rose—
I will give way to  the hon.
Member for Chelsea and Fulham (Ben Coleman)  because he has tried to intervene before.
I am most grateful to the hon.
Lady for her delayed response.
I am struck by her lack of response to two of my colleagues.
She did not acknowledge to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hammersmith and Chiswick (Andy Slaughter)  that in my constituency of Chelsea and Fulham, the Imperial College Healthcare NHS Trust is getting money from the Government as a precursor to rebuilding the hospitals promised to it.
More importantly, she did not address the point made by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Calder Valley (Josh Fenton-Glynn)  that we are all reaping the whirlwind of  the decisions taken by the Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition Government.
The Liberal Democrats made a choice to go into that Government, to take on roles including as Chief Secretary to the Treasury and as Health Ministers, and to make those cuts and destroy the NHS.
We are now reaping the whirlwind of the decisions that she and her colleagues made.
Is it not a little bit cheeky of her to make some of the points and claims she is making today?
I am pleased that the hon.
Gentleman’s hospital is being dealt with, but I am sure that the residents of Torbay will not feel the benefit of that.
I am slightly surprised that he thinks that the decade since the Liberal Democrats were in power has had no impact whatsoever.
I did address the point that when a party comes into government and has to clear up the appalling mess left by the previous Government, there are difficult choices to be made.
His party knows that.
Labour Members, for example, have voted to retain the two-child benefit cap and keep a quarter of a million children in poverty—something that no one in my party has ever voted for.
The last time I opened a Liberal Democrat Opposition day debate was in October, and the topic was primary care.
I explained how the Government’s failure to invest in primary care was a false economy that increased pressures and costs in the critical parts of the system.
The management of our hospital buildings displays that same false economy.
Just as spending money on critical care instead of prevention and public health is a poor approach to managing a health service, waiting for the roof to collapse is an irresponsible way to manage NHS buildings.