Instead of the average £376 million of emergency funding announced late into the winter each year for the last seven years, our winter taskforce would manage a ringfenced fund of £1.5 billion over the next four years.
That would help hospitals to plan their budgets and build resilience in wards, A&E departments, ambulance services and patient discharging.
The hon.
Lady is talking about the day-to-day budgets of the NHS, in particular the costs of paying off previous debts.
She talked about the work that needed to be done during the coalition years and in the decade and a half since then, in response to interventions from Labour Members.
Does she agree that one of the biggest messes that needed to be cleared up then, which is still being felt in NHS budgets, is the disastrous private finance initiatives of the Blair and Brown years?
There have been successive failures in NHS management that all parties need to hold their hands up for—that is a fair point.
We should, though, focus on the task in hand rather than continually going back decades, either to the coalition Government or to the Blair Government before that.
That is not helpful to our constituents, who want a solution now.
On that point, will the hon.
Lady give way?
No.
I have been very generous with my time and I am going to make some progress.
We are also campaigning for a review of outdated Government finance rules that prevent NHS trusts from investing the funds that they have raised into their own buildings.
Even NHS managers struggle to access common-sense investment in their facilities due to overly complex rules and glacial processes.
Trusts are prevented from using unspent funds on improving their buildings.
We  need root-and-branch reform, combined with our 10-year programme of investment, to bring our local health facilities up to scratch.
In conclusion, the recent history of the NHS is one of short-term decision making and of the failure of successive Governments to grasp the nettle of long-term sustained investment in the things that matter: hospital buildings, GP services, dentistry, pharmacy and, crucially, the unspoken crisis of social care.
The outcome is an organisation that is spending millions of pounds to go backwards.
It truly is a false economy.
This Government have spoken warmly of the need to reform the NHS and improve productivity, and we support them in that, but we cannot expect to retain staff and provide high-quality care when so many doctors and nurses are negotiating leaking roofs and sewage backing up on the wards.
Dealing with the new hospital programme is a matter of urgency, and I urge the Secretary of State to, at long last, grasp the nettle.
I call Stephen Kinnock—is it?—to move the amendment; I have a different name in front of me.
I am glad you recognised me from the Chair, Mr Speaker.
I have lost some hair since we last spoke.
I beg to move an amendment, to leave out from “it” to end and insert:
“also notes that the Chancellor has announced new fiscal rules to ensure capital budgets can no longer be cannibalised, with transfers from capital to resource budgets not permitted; recognises that the previous Government left a New Hospital Programme which was unfunded, unrealistic and undeliverable; welcomes that the Government has taken action to review that Programme and has published the New Hospital Programme Plan for Implementation, to put the Programme on a sustainable footing; supports the Government’s investment in the Plan, which will increase to up to £15 billion over each consecutive five-year wave, averaging around £3 billion a year from 2030; and further supports the work being done to bring forward construction of the reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete replacement schemes wherever possible, to ensure that patient and staff safety is prioritised.”
The amendment on the Order Paper is in the name of my right hon.
and learned Friend the Prime Minister.