Member for Clacton will do what he always does: eat the Tory party for breakfast.
I wish you, Mr Speaker, and the House a happy St George’s day.
I recently had the pleasure of visiting the National Gas operations in Peterborough, where the company was announcing a £350 million investment in the UK, including at least 100 new jobs in my constituency.
The investment will make Peterborough the centre of the nation’s core gas and hydrogen network.
One of the big challenges faced by infrastructure projects is the lack of  available skills and training for young people.
What more can the Prime Minister do to boost apprenticeships in places such as my constituency to ensure we create the opportunities this country so desperately needs?
The net zero transition is a huge economic opportunity for this country, despite the naysayers on the Opposition Benches.
We have had almost £44 billion of investment since July, which will deliver jobs across the country, including in my hon.
Friend’s constituency—investment that the Opposition presumably do not want.
We are ensuring we have the skilled workers that we need, launching Skills England and our new growth and skills offer to encourage even more apprenticeships, and supporting the industry-led plan for hydrogen to deliver the workforce needed for the industry of the future.
I call the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
I also wish the House and the country a happy St George’s day, and join the Prime Minister in paying tribute to the late Pope Francis.
As a Christian, I found his compassion absolutely inspiring.
My prayers are with Catholics in the UK and across the world, who will feel his loss particularly deeply.
I have previously raised with the Prime Minister the issue of North Devon district hospital.
The previous Government promised to rebuild it, as they did hospitals across the south-west, in places such as Torbay and Musgrove Park.
Unfortunately, they broke that promise, leaving appalling conditions like sewage leaks and patients being treated in corridors.
Will the Prime Minister reconsider his decision to delay further the construction of new hospitals, and ask his MPs to vote for our motion today for new hospitals?
The previous programme, introduced by the Conservative party, was undeliverable and unaffordable, as I think the right hon.
Gentleman knows and accepts.
We have put the new hospital programme on a sustainable footing with a timeline that can be met—we are not prepared to trade on false promises, as the Conservatives did—and obviously we have also put record investment into the NHS.
I gently urge the right hon.
Gentleman to one day get a bit more serious about the funding of these measures.
Every week, he comes to the Chamber to push me on two issues: he pushes me to spend a lot more money, but at the same time, in the next breath, he opposes the measures in the Budget to raise the necessary money.
Unlike the Prime Minister, we had a funded programme at the election.
I am disappointed with his reply—I hope he will actually visit some of these hospitals to see the urgent need for rebuilding.
At Merton Mead farm in Oxfordshire last week, I saw world-class British beef farmers at work.
Farmers want the Prime Minister to be careful in a trade deal with President Trump.
They were let down by the Conservatives’ appalling trade deals and worry that a bad US deal could allow American agribusiness to undercut them with inferior meat.
Will the Prime Minister guarantee a vote in this House on any trade deal that he agrees with the United States?
The right hon.
Gentleman raises a point that is of real interest and importance to farmers.
We will negotiate, as he would expect, in the national interest and uphold the highest animal welfare standards.
We are making progress on that, and there will then be a process if a deal is reached.