The funding model must change, and the Scotland Office is in touch with all our universities’ principals to see how we can work through this issue.
This is a problem with the funding of higher education as a result of SNP policies and the Scottish Government.
I associate myself with the comments about the devastating loss of Pope Francis and the compassion that he showed to the most vulnerable in our society.
On a happier note, I wish all friends and family a very happy St George’s day.
I also note my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests in relation to higher education.
The Secretary of State will know that the biggest financial impacts on higher education in Scotland have been Westminster policies, which is why the sector in the UK faces some challenges.
We have the national insurance increase, Brexit, which I know he passionately opposed—or used to, anyway—and the hostile environment.
Labour found common ground with Michael Gove on sticking him into the House of Lords, but it also found common ground with him on his commitment to decentralising migration.
That has had a particular impact on the higher education sector, not least in Dundee, which has had the biggest financial hit.
Will the Secretary of State let us know what progress he has made on that commitment by Scottish Labour?
May I give the hon.
Gentleman and all his SNP colleagues our deepest condolences on the loss of Christina McKelvie?
I think this is the first time that we have had Scottish questions since then.
I say again that the hon.
Gentleman and his SNP colleagues voted against the Budget, which delivered an extra £4.9 billion for public services in Scotland.
Some of that should have gone to frontline services, including to ensuring that our higher education sector was funded  properly in the Scottish context.
The SNP is very good at blaming everybody else for powers that do not belong to it, but what it should actually do is get a mirror.
In the last seven days, the only increase it has made in using the budget given to it is £20,000 on the salaries of Scottish Government Ministers, who have all singularly failed.
I thank the Secretary of State for his kind remarks about the sad loss of Christina McKelvie.
I also note the kind remarks made by the Prime Minister; the whole party is grateful for them.
Since the Labour Government do not want to talk about their commitments, let me help them out a little.
We have time this Friday to discuss Scotland’s migration needs, with a Bill backed by the care, hospitality and tourism sectors.
Internationalisation in education and research is crucial, so in a spirit of collegiality, instead of pandering to Reform as Scottish Labour too often does on migration and our relationship with the EU, will the Secretary of State work with us ahead of the Bill on Friday so that we can find some common cause to help the higher education sector?
There is complete denial about the problems in the higher education sector, which is devolved to the Scottish Government.
We have made it clear that the immigration system we inherited from the previous Government is not working, that net migration is too high and that the interaction between migration and skills in the labour market is broken, so confidence in the whole system needs to be rebuilt.
Work is under way in government to link the work of Skills England and its equivalents, the Migration Advisory Committee, the Industrial Strategy Council and the Department for Work and Pensions to form a new framework to identify sectors that either do or do not have the adequate workforce, as well as skills strategies for the future workforce.
There has been an overreliance on international recruitment.
Lots of young people in Scotland—nearly one in six—are not in education, employment or training.
That is a shambles.