I urge you to seize this opportunity to create both a robust, cross-governmental VAWG strategy and a separate, comprehensive strategy for men and boys, with clear policies, strategic targets, milestones, and sustainable funding arrangements.”
Six months later, and with nothing further heard on implementing such a strategy, this Bill is required to push the Safeguarding Minister to act.
My hope is that male survivors of such traumatic violence and abuse can finally be given the focus their plight deserves.
I also hope that Members on both sides of the House feel they can support what the Bill sets out to achieve, and I thank them all for listening.
Question put and agreed to.
Ordered,
That Sir Iain Duncan Smith, Sir Roger Gale, Sir Ashley Fox, Charlie Dewhirst, Wendy Morton, David Simmonds,  Paul Holmes, Rebecca Smith, Bob Blackman, Alison Griffiths, Mr Richard Holden and Ben Obese-Jecty present the Bill.
Ben Obese-Jecty accordingly presented the Bill.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 16 May , and to be printed (Bill 224).
I inform the House that I have selected the amendment in the name of the Prime Minister.
I beg to move,
That this House regrets the appalling state of repair of NHS hospitals across the country; notes that the NHS maintenance backlog rose to £13.8 billion in 2023-24; further notes the sustained pattern of cannibalising NHS capital budgets to keep day-to-day services running; condemns the previous Government’s record of starved repair budgets and exploding maintenance backlogs, which made sewage leaks, cracked walls, crumbling ceilings and sinking floors commonplace; further condemns the previous Government for launching the New Hospital Programme with no realistic plan to fund or deliver it; further regrets that almost half of the selected hospitals are now not set to begin construction until after 2030; calls on the Government to reverse the delay to the New Hospital Programme and create a crumbling hospitals taskforce to bring construction dates forward; and further calls on the Government to end the vicious cycle of false economies and rising repair backlogs by putting hospitals across the country on a path towards sustainable funding.
The appalling state of our hospital buildings is a national scandal.
Everybody in this country should be in control of their own lives and health, which means everybody getting the care they need when and where they need it, but that can never be realised while so many patients are treating in grossly inadequate settings.
From Shropshire to Cornwall, Cambridgeshire, Watford and Devon, patients are losing their dignity because of decisions taken by the Conservatives, and the Labour Government’s failure to rectify them.
The Conservatives’ record is one of starved repair budgets, serious leaks, crumbling ceilings and bucket-strewn wards.
It is an outrage that millions of people are waiting for treatment, yet overcrowded hospitals have had to close operating theatres because they are no longer fit for use.
Patients and hospital staff deserve the dignity of safe, modern and clean environments, but instead the previous Government shamefully chose to raid the repair budget to plug the gap in day-to-day costs, as our hospitals fell apart, and the new Government, who were elected on what increasingly looks like false hope, are pursuing a false economy in delaying the desperately needed new hospital programme.
As with so much of their agenda, the Government promised so much but are delivering so little and betraying those who put their faith in the Labour party.
Farmers who were fed up with the Tories taking them for granted have been hit with a tax grab on their families’ futures.
Employers, who were promised growth and no new taxes, have been whacked with a national insurance increase.
Patients, who were promised new hospitals, have had them taken away.
I was with the hon.
Lady almost up until that point.
I congratulate her on opening the debate.