May I associate myself with the Prime Minister’s remarks about Pope Francis?
After 14 years of a Conservative Government, too many of my constituents live on low incomes or in real poverty.
I very much welcome the employment support proposals in the welfare Green Paper, but the Government have to be clear about the real opportunities they are offering to the more than 3 million families who they say will lose out financially as a result of this package.
Before asking MPs to vote, can the Prime Minister confirm that we will see fresh analysis from the Office for Budget Responsibility, evidence on who will be affected by the personal independence payments changes, and the Government’s own assessment of the employment impact of their measures?
Will he confirm that this policy will not result in increased experience of poverty?
We are reforming a broken system—the system that we inherited.
I think most people accept that it needs reform, because it traps people in unemployment and inactivity, and we need to reform it for that reason.
The principles will be that we will provide support where support is needed.
Where people want to get into work, we will help them into work.
The current system operates against people who want to get into work and make that transition; if they can work, they should work.
Moving into work is what halves the risk of being in poverty, and that is why we have invested £1 billion in tailored employment support.
Of course, we are also introducing a new premium for those with the most severe lifelong disabilities who will never be able to work.
Last week, former steelworkers in Port Talbot watched in dismay as this Government deemed their livelihoods worth less than those in Scunthorpe.
Freedom of information requests reveal that the UK Government do not know how their funding for reskilling workers in Wales is being used or even how many people are being retrained, and we know that concerns have been raised by the transition board.
If the Government cannot explain how they are helping Port Talbot’s laid-off workers to build a future through reskilling, why should those workers not come to the logical conclusion that Labour has abandoned them?
The right hon.
Member raises an important issue.
I visited Port Talbot a number of times and heard at first hand from the workforce.
She may or may not know that even in opposition, before the election, I was talking to the owners to try to persuade them to delay their decisions, because I knew an election was coming.
That is how important I thought it was.
I remind her that at the same time, the then Prime Minister refused to pick up a call to the First Minister even to discuss the issue.
I took a different approach, because I realised just how important it was.
The right hon.
Lady compares the situation with the decision we took last week, but I remind her that the blast furnaces were turned off in January last year and the coke ovens in March 2024, which was before the election.
That was the very thing I was trying to ensure did not happen, for reasons that she and the workforce will understand, and I was talking to the workforce  throughout.
Since then we have been able to negotiate an improved deal with Tata that means better terms for the workers, and we did that within 10 weeks.
We are working hard to maximise opportunities from the £1.25 billion investment in an electric arc furnace, we are supporting those facing job losses with £80 million of funding to learn new skills, and we are supporting the supply chains and protecting communities.
The right hon.
Lady talks about protecting working people, but she voted against the biggest devolution settlement since devolution.
That includes more money for public services, including the NHS, and her party voted against it.