There has been an overreliance on international recruitment.
Lots of young people in Scotland—nearly one in six—are not in education, employment or training.
That is a shambles.
It should be Scotland’s shame, and we need to do something about it.
Whether he has had recent discussions with the Scottish Government on the implementation of cancer strategies.
I commend the hon.
Member for the consistent attention he has paid to this issue since he was elected last year and for educating us on it.
Cancer remains Scotland’s biggest killer, with Cancer Research UK reporting that Scots are receiving worse cancer treatment than their neighbours in other parts of the UK.
The national cancer plan for England will save lives that would otherwise be lost to cancer and deliver improved care and patient experience.
Last year, a UK Labour Budget delivered the biggest settlement for Scottish public services in the history of devolution.
It is time for the Scottish Government to step up and get serious about cancer.
I thank the Minister for her reply and very kind remarks.
As in Wales and England, not a single NHS board in Scotland is meeting the 62-day cancer waiting time standard.
That is a legacy of under-investment from the SNP in Scotland, from Labour in Wales, and from the Conservatives in England.
To develop change and save lives, we need proper funding for cancer services.
How will the Secretary of State for Scotland ensure that his colleagues at the Department of Health and Social Care understand the importance of fully funding cancer strategies to avoid disasters like that devised by the SNP?
I assure the hon.
Member that this is a priority for the Government, but as healthcare is a devolved matter, the Scottish Government are responsible for their own cancer strategies, including diagnostic services in Scotland.
In England, improving early diagnosis of cancer—including breast cancer—is a priority for the UK Government, who are committed to transforming diagnostic services and will support the NHS to meet the demand for diagnostic services through investment in new capacity, including MRI and CT scanners.
My constituent Stephen found out that he had prostate cancer almost by accident when he was treated for something else.
Thankfully, it was diagnosed early and he is on his way to a good outcome.
Despite prostate cancer being the most common cancer for men in Scotland, it is not one of the tumour types that has been promoted for early diagnosis in the current Scottish Government cancer strategy.
Will the Minister encourage the Scottish Government to make specific reference to prostate cancer when promoting early diagnosis?
I commend my hon.
Friend for her commitment to her constituents, and pass on the best wishes of the whole House to Stephen in his recovery.
Her constituents, like mine, are constantly on the receiving end of late diagnoses because of the underfunding of cancer services that  the hon.
Member for Wokingham (Clive Jones)  has mentioned.
We will, of course, continue to raise this issue with the Scottish Government as part of our ongoing commitment to deal with Scotland’s biggest killer, which is cancer.
What recent discussions he has had with the Scottish Government on the impact of the Barnett formula on funding for the NHS in Scotland.
Thanks to the Barnett formula, a Labour Chancellor and 37 Scottish Labour MPs, Scotland’s public services have received the biggest ever financial settlement from the UK Government, but how has the SNP spent it?
Well, despite the best efforts of our extraordinary NHS staff, every week, thousands of Scots will wait more than eight hours in A&E, and more than 100,000 Scots have been stuck on an NHS waiting list for over a year.
Doctors, nurses and—most of all—Scottish patients have been failed by 18 years of SNP mismanagement.
We desperately need a new direction.