Will she remind me who was in government for the for half of the 2010s?
The hon.
Gentleman will be aware that, when one comes into government and has to clean up the mess left behind by the previous Government, one has to make difficult choices.
It is the job of the Opposition to point out where they would make those choices or take different options.
We would invest to save money in the long run, rather than fritter money away on a repair bill for buildings that need to be demolished.
It is not sensible to pour good money after bad when the right thing to do is invest in a new fit-for-purpose and modern estate that does not have endless and extortionate maintenance requirements.
rose—
I will make some progress.
At North Devon district hospital, the ducting of the ventilation system that serves the operating theatres has not been changed since it was installed in 1979, and cannot be replaced because of ceiling height and asbestos.
As a result, all operating theatres have been non-compliant with NHS England buildings guidance since 2007.
The good people of Devon clearly need a new hospital, and they were promised that they would have one by 2030, only for the Labour Government to take it away and decide that the change those people need will not be delivered for another decade.
Even hospitals with comparatively few maintenance problems, such as the Royal Shrewsbury hospital, which serves my constituents and has a £35 million backlog, are clearly a long way short of being up to standard.
I will not go into detail again about the catalogue of issues in Shropshire—the ambulance delays and station closures, the waiting times for check-ups, scans and surgeries, or the substandard state of cancer care—but they all combine to put huge pressure on hospitals, where staff and buildings are straining under the load.
I commend the hon.
Lady and the Liberal Democrats for securing this debate.
One issue that they have not mentioned in their motion is car parking at hospitals, which is an ongoing problem for disabled people and patients who miss or delay their appointments as a result of a lack of spaces.
Does she agree that car parking is central to addressing the issues that she is setting out?
Car parking is a real problem, particularly where public transport is poor—it plagues my constituents—and when it is unrealistically expensive for people who need to use hospital facilities.
I thank the hon.
Member for that point.
The NHS crisis impacts on patient outcomes.
My constituent Emma was left in the “fit to sit” area for 48 hours despite having been diagnosed with suspected sepsis, 96-year-old Mary waited outside in an ambulance for 11 hours, and 82-year-old Paula spent 24 hours on a trolley in a corridor.
That is the reality in hospitals up and down the country.
I think we all agree that that is a disgrace and it must be rectified.
Will the hon.
Lady give way?
I will make some progress.
One of the main reasons those problems have not been rectified is successive delays from successive Governments.
Shropshire is, again, a prime example.
This is not related to the new hospital programme, but none the less, £312 million was granted for the hospital transformation programme in Shropshire back in 2018.
Seven years later, while the country has been through five Prime Ministers and eight different Health Secretaries, Shropshire is still waiting for that transformation to take place.
Opposition from both the Labour and Conservative councils that serve the area, along with the ridiculously lengthy process that capital expenditure has to go through to be signed off, means that desperately needed improvements have been horribly delayed as construction costs rise.
As a result, the original plans have been scaled back and their value diminished.
My hon.
Friend mentions the inordinate delays that occur with regard to applications for capital funds.