Well, despite the best efforts of our extraordinary NHS staff, every week, thousands of Scots will wait more than eight hours in A&E, and more than 100,000 Scots have been stuck on an NHS waiting list for over a year.
Doctors, nurses and—most of all—Scottish patients have been failed by 18 years of SNP mismanagement.
We desperately need a new direction.
There has been a noticeable increase in the number of people contacting my office about accessing GP services, and about long waiting times for hospital appointments and operations.
Those who live in the Isle of Arran and actually get an appointment often cannot get to it, because they cannot get a ferry there and back on the same day.
That is a different point, but as a former manager in the NHS, I have seen the consequences of the shortage of GPs in Scotland.
There has been a recent successful recruitment campaign in different parts of England; does the Minister agree that it is time for the Scottish Government to utilise the Barnett consequentials in order to improve access to NHS services in Scotland through robust workforce planning, and to follow the example of the NHS in England and get GPs successfully recruited?
I thank my hon.
Friend, not just for her service to her constituents but her previous service in the NHS.
As she has noted, thanks to Labour, NHS waiting lists in England have fallen month on month, because this Government have a plan and we have invested.
Sadly, it is a completely different story in Scotland, as she has pointed out.
Like mine, her constituents see a situation in which almost one in six people are now stuck on a waiting list.
John Swinney has announced this SNP Government’s fifth NHS recovery plan in less than four years, but patients and staff know that it is not good enough, and we need a new direction.
The Minister is right to speak of the wonderful NHS staff that we have, but she also speaks of a new direction that is required.
Let me give the House a clue as to what new direction she might be speaking of.
The Good Law Project revealed this month that more than 60% of donations to Labour’s Health Secretary, totalling £372,000, came from individuals and companies linked to the private healthcare sector.
As the same Labour Health Secretary is so fond of saying, all roads lead to Westminster, including on NHS funding.
With cuts to public services coming down the line, is the Secretary of State—or the Minister—worried about the influence of private health donors on Cabinet colleagues?
The hon.
Gentleman says that there have been cuts to public services.
Let me put on record once again that this Labour Government pledged to end austerity, and we have, with a record settlement for Scotland’s public services.
That money has been squandered by the SNP Government, such that we are still in a situation where nearly one in six Scots are on a waiting list.
South of the border, waiting lists have fallen for the fifth month in a row.
That is the difference made by a Labour Government with a plan and a willingness to fund it.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of not issuing new North sea oil and gas licences on levels of economic growth in Scotland.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of not issuing new North sea oil and gas licences on levels of economic growth in Scotland.
I am proud of the enormous contribution North sea workers have made to our country.
Oil and gas will be an important part of our energy mix for decades to come.
We have a workforce who lead the world, and we are determined to secure their long-term future in the energy industry, including oil and gas.