I explained how the Government’s failure to invest in primary care was a false economy that increased pressures and costs in the critical parts of the system.
The management of our hospital buildings displays that same false economy.
Just as spending money on critical care instead of prevention and public health is a poor approach to managing a health service, waiting for the roof to collapse is an irresponsible way to manage NHS buildings.
As problems are ignored and investment is poorly targeted, it is the patients and the hard-working staff striving to help them who are forced to suffer.
This is not just about the new hospital programme.
Across the country, there are thousands of GP surgeries that need urgent improvement if they are to provide the care that patients deserve.
More than 2,000 hospital buildings across England were built before the foundation of the NHS in 1948, while the state of GP surgeries varies wildly.
Many surgeries are simply no longer fit for purpose, having been built in the 1950s.
Prescott surgery in my constituency, for example, has long been recognised as somewhere that needs to drastically increase in size because the population of the village has increased drastically itself.
Despite the land and the community infrastructure levy funding being available, there is no sign of a new surgery being built.
As the delay continues, the costs are rising and the challenge grows for both the council and the integrated care board, which are already under immense pressure to cut their costs.
Instead of pursuing fantasies like the Conservatives or false economies like the Labour party, the Liberal Democrats would invest to save by starting construction now, and ending the epidemic of cancelled operations, closed-off wards and huge sums wasted on emergency repairs.
That would save the taxpayer money in the long run and benefit patients much sooner.
The hon.
Lady is being a little bit unrealistic.
I have three world-class hospitals in my constituency: Charing Cross, Hammersmith and St Mary’s Paddington.
The repair bill is £874 million, but the rebuild or new build cost would be £4 billion.
Yes, we  are refurbishing parts of Charing Cross and putting a lot of investment into preparing for that work, but the idea that suddenly the hon.
Lady is going to come up with tens, if not hundreds, of billions of pounds is unrealistic, is it not?
The plan that we have put forward involves £10 billion over 10 years, and I will come to that in a moment.
The real issue is that we cannot pick one hospital and say that it is indicative of an NHS that is being dealt with appropriately.
Hospitals across the country are falling apart.
For example, Stepping Hill, in the constituency of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cheadle (Mr Morrison) , is not in the new hospital programme, yet it is falling apart at the seams.
We need to address the whole estate fairly urgently.
Our 10-year guaranteed capital investment programme would provide long-term security and fix our crumbling hospitals and creaking GP surgeries.
It would provide an extra £10 billion for our crumbling buildings over the next decade, improving outcomes for patients, boosting productivity and cutting day-to-day costs for the NHS.
Providing certainty is crucial.
As it stands, managers have to raid precious budgets not just to plug leaking pipes, but to plug staffing gaps when winter pressure arrives.
That is why we would also end the reactive approach to the annual winter crisis through our winter taskforce.
Instead of the average £376 million of emergency funding announced late into the winter each year for the last seven years, our winter taskforce would manage a ringfenced fund of £1.5 billion over the next four years.
That would help hospitals to plan their budgets and build resilience in wards, A&E departments, ambulance services and patient discharging.
The hon.