It often takes years for a male victim to report a sexual assault to the police.
Male sexual assault survivors are three times more likely to tell a family member, friend or colleague than they are to report an incident to the police.
Data from the Office for National Statistics suggests that fewer than a third of male victims of sexual assault have ever disclosed what they have experienced.
For straight men, there can also be a hesitancy to disclose abuse owing to the misconception that men should be physically strong enough to prevent an assault.
Male victims of abuse who have been forced to penetrate by a partner can struggle to identify their experiences as abuse because it caused them to be aroused.
Rape and sexual abuse should never be minimised because a perpetrator is female.
The law currently states that while males and females can be the victim of rape, only males can realistically commit the act of rape.
The introduction of a “forced to penetrate” sexual offence could therefore address that.
Honour-based violence is another factor that is poorly understood and catered for.
Victims of honour-based violence are at greater risk of repeat victimisation and are often at risk from multiple perpetrators.
However, no discrete crime of so-called honour-based violence or abuse is defined in our legislation, so in most instances male victims would be classified by police as victims of violence without injury or stalking and harassment.
Data from the Crown Prosecution Service suggests that around 30% of prosecutions for honour-based violence involve male victims.
Additionally, the forced marriage unit has consistently seen that 20% of forced marriage victims are male.
That often includes men from overseas who are forced to marry UK citizens and can find themselves forced into domestic servitude, thus also becoming victims of modern slavery.
This time last year, Professor Nicola Graham-Kevan of the University of Lancashire undertook research and published data on how male survivors feel about being categorised as victims of violence against women and girls: 89% stated that it made it harder to seek help; 89% stated that they experienced distress; 88% stated that the Government do not care; 80% stated that it was minimising their experiences; 75% stated that it was not taken seriously; and 73% stated that it was not recognised by society.
It is clear that the damaging impact of including male victims within a strategy that caters for violence against women and girls means that male survivors cannot identify with that labelling.
Organisations such as We Are Survivors, the Men & Boys Coalition and the ManKind Initiative have been instrumental in providing support to male victims and advocating for a solution, and I thank them for their work to highlight this inequality.
Last November, the Victims’ Commissioner Baroness Helen Newlove wrote to the Safeguarding Minister outlining many of the same concerns that I have highlighted.
The concerns are not unique; they are shared by the male survivor community.
The view of the Victims’ Commissioner should not go unheeded, nor that of her predecessor Dame Vera Baird KC, who expressed similar views.
The purpose of the Bill is echoed in Baroness Newlove’s words:
“I believe it is beyond time for a dedicated men and boys’ strategy, with specific policies, strategic milestones, and accompanying funding.
A tailored approach for male victims of interpersonal violence is essential to developing their rights and ensuring the availability of appropriate support services.
I urge you to seize this opportunity to create both a robust, cross-governmental VAWG strategy and a separate, comprehensive strategy for men and boys, with clear policies, strategic targets, milestones, and sustainable funding arrangements.”
Six months later, and with nothing further heard on implementing such a strategy, this Bill is required to push the Safeguarding Minister to act.
My hope is that male survivors of such traumatic violence and abuse can finally be given the focus their plight deserves.