The right hon.
Lady talks about protecting working people, but she voted against the biggest devolution settlement since devolution.
That includes more money for public services, including the NHS, and her party voted against it.
I commend the Prime Minister and his Government for the action taken to reform the NHS in England and make it fit for the modern day, with improved technology, more GPs and appointments, and waiting lists cut for consecutive months.
However, it is deeply unfortunate that in Scotland the SNP Government have made the political choice to waste taxpayer money on vanity projects, flawed legislation and failed court cases rather than focus on improving our health service.
Does the Prime Minister agree that the people of Airdrie and Shotts, who have been promised a new hospital for almost a decade, deserve far better than to suffer in pain while on waiting lists or to receive treatment in crumbling buildings as a direct consequence of SNP incompetence?
My hon.
Friend is a real champion for Airdrie and Shotts.
Over 60,000 Scots have been stuck, waiting for tests or treatment for over a year, which is a 46% rise in one year.
Almost 50,000 fewer operations have been carried out compared with before the pandemic.
To compare what the SNP is doing with what we are doing here in England, we have driven down waiting lists within six months, with six months in a row of reductions, and we have over 3 million extra appointments.
Scotland’s NHS urgently needs change, but the SNP has no strategy or plan—it has absolutely no ideas.
The danger posed by China to our national security is self-evident.
Can the Prime Minister explain why he and his Government have chosen to treat Beijing as a business partner and not as the hostile state that it truly is?
I have set out our approach to China a number of times.
It is not materially different from the approach in the last years of the previous Government, I might add.
In relation to Scunthorpe, the deal that we had to deal with during recess was the deal negotiated by the last Government.
We have taken sensible decisions in the national interest and will continue to do so.
I am sure the Prime Minister will join me in celebrating the opening of the new Brixton blood donation centre in my constituency, which in three months has seen over 3,700 people donate, more than 1,000 of them first-timers and 10% of them black.
However, given that sickle cell anaemia is the fastest growing genetic condition in the UK, that is not  enough.
Demand for the Ro blood subtype—more common in people of African descent—is rising by 10% to 15% annually, and it is crucial for treating sickle cell.
Rules around travellers as well as inaccurate iron tests mean that we are seeing willing black donors turned away for four to 12 months.
Of course blood donation must be safe, but failure to review the guidelines is costing lives.
Will the Prime Minister commit to reviewing the rules and join me in calling on you, Mr Speaker, to help us all play our part by facilitating a biannual blood drive in Parliament?
I am trying to arrange that.
I will leave that to you, Mr Speaker.
I do not think it is for me to suggest that you donate your blood, although I am sure that you do and that we can support this jointly.
We should take that up across the House under your leadership, Mr Speaker.
Let me join my hon.
Friend in welcoming the new Brixton blood donor centre and the lifesaving support that it provides.
Increasing donor diversity is a priority for the NHS, and we are working to increase Ro blood donations by engaging with communities who are more likely to have that blood type.