I am proud to have made it from Wester Hailes education centre, in the Wester Hailes scheme, to the University of Edinburgh, but that story is becoming all too rare under the SNP Government.
It is time for a new direction for Scottish universities.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I associate myself with the Secretary of State’s remarks about the passing of His Holiness Pope Francis.
I also wish all those not fortunate enough to have been born north of Hadrian’s wall a very happy St George’s day.
While he is not a graduate of the University of Aberdeen, like me the Secretary of State is a beneficiary of a Scottish university education.
Scotland has some of the finest and most respected higher education establishments in the world, but as we saw last week at the University of Aberdeen, in warnings from the University of Edinburgh and, most starkly, at the University of Dundee, where over 600 jobs are being shed to make emergency savings, the current funding model, overseen by the SNP, is failing our institutions and our young people.
I know we agree on that, but will the Secretary of State also acknowledge the devastating impact on Scottish university budgets of his own Government’s national insurance increase, adding £45 million to their salary bills, or will he continue to defend that job-killing, anti-growth tax on workers?
The shadow Secretary of State is defending the SNP’s dreadful record on higher education in Scotland.
It is clear from the principal of the University of Edinburgh, Sir Peter Mathieson, that the problems the university is having to deal with are caused by the underfunding of students from Scotland, which has meant the books have had to be balanced with an ever-increasing number of international students.
The number of international students at the University of Edinburgh, for example, is still going up, although not as high as projected, and that is the major cause of the financial problems at Scottish universities.
The Conservatives would do well not to hide behind the SNP and support it in that process.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I associate myself with the Secretary of State’s comments about the death of Pope Francis.
In a rare consensus, I agree with much of what has been said by both the Secretary of State and the shadow Secretary of State.
Many universities are extremely concerned about the funding situation.
Many of my constituents who are employees of universities or who have children at Scottish universities are concerned, particularly following the news of the 600 job cuts at the University of Dundee.
I have spoken to the principal of the University of Edinburgh and he is also concerned about the funding model in Scotland, which is failing everyone.
Will the Secretary of State discuss with the Scottish Government how they can make changes and put pressure on them to do so?
The national insurance changes are not helpful, so it would help Scottish education if we had some changes there as well.
The hon.
Lady’s question is slightly contradictory.
On the one hand, she does not like the national insurance contribution increase, which has given the Scottish Government a £4.9 billion boost—the highest settlement in the history of devolution.
That money should be going to the frontline of higher education, but it is not.
On the other hand, she talks about a more generous funding settlement for universities.
She cannot have it both ways.
The funding model must change, and the Scotland Office is in touch with all our universities’ principals to see how we can work through this issue.
This is a problem with the funding of higher education as a result of SNP policies and the Scottish Government.
I associate myself with the comments about the devastating loss of Pope Francis and the compassion that he showed to the most vulnerable in our society.