On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
You, like me, have long been a supporter of Britain’s nuclear test veterans, so I wonder whether you could advise me.
Given that Government lawyers have finally admitted, after 73 years of denial, that tests may have taken place at the time that those veterans were in the south Atlantic—they say that
“information may have been recorded by scientists carrying out radiation monitoring”—
surely a statement in the House by a Government Minister is required.
How can I facilitate that?
The Secretary of State was asked—
What assessment he has made with Cabinet colleagues of the higher education challenges in Scotland.
I know Members across the House will join me in paying our respects to His Holiness Pope Francis.
I offer my sincere condolences to Scotland’s Catholic community who have this Easter lost a much loved and compassionate leader.
Just before the Easter recess, I had the privilege of leading the UK Government delegation to Washington DC, then on to Tartan Week in New York.
The trip was a key part of my drive to promote brand Scotland around the world, to boost economic growth and to create jobs here at home.
Finally, Mr Speaker, to you, to Members across the House and to Scotland’s closest and most important neighbours, happy St George’s day.
I call Dr Scott Arthur.
Before you do so, Mr Speaker, I had better answer his question. [
Laughter.]
Too excited about St George’s day so I am, Mr Speaker.
We should all be proud of Scotland’s universities, the contribution they make to Scotland’s public life and their reputation as the best in the world, but 18 years of the Scottish National party have left some of those proud institutions in dire straits.
Job cuts and course closures are the inevitable product of the SNP’s decision to deliver a 22% real terms cut to Scottish student funding since 2013.
Scotland’s universities, their staff and their students all need a Scottish Government with a proper plan to turn this crisis around; they need a new direction with Scottish Labour.
I thank the Secretary for State for his answer and for his comments about the Pope.
I make my response within the context of my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests and I note my membership of the University and College Union.
The university sector in Scotland has never been in a worse state.
It is in a state of crisis, with job losses, both compulsory and voluntary, being contemplated across the whole sector in Scotland.
It is young Scots who are paying the price.
To balance the books, the Scottish Government are limiting the number of young Scots who can go to university, forcing universities to rely more and more on the recruitment of students from overseas.
To be clear, that means that Scots are often sitting at home unable to access a place because students from overseas with lower qualifications are getting those places.
Does the Secretary of State agree that Scotland’s young people must be supported and the university sector must be fully funded in Scotland?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question and for what he does to support higher education in Scotland.
Thanks to the SNP’s higher education financial crisis, as my hon.
Friend says, too many Scottish students are missing out on places.
Labour has committed to ensuring that Scottish students from all backgrounds can access university, and that can only be achieved with a new funding settlement that both protects our world-leading universities and gives any Scottish student who wants to pursue university the opportunity to do so.
I am proud to have made it from Wester Hailes education centre, in the Wester Hailes scheme, to the University of Edinburgh, but that story is becoming all too rare under the SNP Government.
It is time for a new direction for Scottish universities.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.