He said:
“I want the fight to be united.”
He said he is determined
“to bring this coalition”,
as he calls it,
“together…one way or another”.
Well, I think we know what that means.
Every Tory voter is appalled at the thought of paying for the NHS; every Reform voter hates what the Tories did for the last 14 years.
They are not Conservatives; they are a con.
Who is playing political football now?
The Prime Minister has no answers.
Yesterday, Labour MP after Labour MP challenged the ruling.
He should be more worried about his Back Benchers than my Front Benchers.
His Labour Ministers called the chair of the Equality and Human Rights Commission “appalling”.
Baroness Falkner’s role is critical to enforcing the Court’s judgment.
She has had to put up with relentless abuse,  not just from his Front Bench but from activists and ideologues.
Reappointing her would be a clear sign that he is taking this issue seriously, so will he commit to reappointing Baroness Falkner when her term expires this year?
I have always said that the debate should be conducted properly, on the principle.
I have said it many, many times.
I would remind the Leader of the Opposition that when they were in government, violence against women and girls reached record highs, rape prosecutions fell to record lows, and millions of women were left stuck on NHS waiting lists, unable to get the healthcare they needed.
Under this Labour Government, NHS waiting lists are down by more than 200,000, and there are domestic abuse specialists in 999 control rooms.
We strengthened access to maternity pay, something she called excessive.
She talks about political footballs, but a coalition of Reform and the Tories is being formed behind her back.
We know what it means when the shadow Justice Secretary and  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  cook up a joint manifesto: NHS charging, pro-Russia foreign policy, and an end to workers’ rights.
Just as the previous Government lost control of the economy, borders and health, in six short months she has lost control of her party.
The Prime Minister is clearly so uncomfortable talking about this subject.
This is a choice between a Conservative party that stood up for common sense and a Labour party that bends the knee to every passing fad.
This is a question about moral courage, and doing the right thing even when it is difficult.
The truth is he doesn’t have the balls.
The Prime Minister only tells people what they want to hear.
He is a weathervane; he twists in the wind.
He cheered an ideology that denied safe spaces to women and girls, because he thought it was cool to do so.
He hounded a brave female MP out of his party for telling the truth he accepts now.
And now, he is hiding behind the Supreme Court judgment.
Is that not because he does not know what he actually believes?
I can only assume that that sounded better when the right hon.
Lady said it in the mirror earlier.
The truth is, it does not really matter what she says, because nobody—none of them behind her—believes that she is going to lead them into the next election anyway.
It will be the shadow Justice Secretary, who is away plotting—that is why he is not here today—and the hon.
Member for Clacton fighting over the bones of the Tory party.
The Conservatives think Reform will give them its votes without changing their policy—absolutely no way.
The hon.
Member for Clacton will do what he always does: eat the Tory party for breakfast.
I wish you, Mr Speaker, and the House a happy St George’s day.
I recently had the pleasure of visiting the National Gas operations in Peterborough, where the company was announcing a £350 million investment in the UK, including at least 100 new jobs in my constituency.