Gentleman is right that we need to go further and faster in kick-starting growth and attracting the investment we need to create jobs, and that our regulators must regulate for growth and not just for risk.
We do want that continuity of leadership that he mentioned, and we are convening and getting people together to drive growth.
We will take away the ideas that he put on the table.
Proposed changes to personal independence payments mean that people who require various levels of support due to lifelong conditions such as learning disabilities will not meet the new eligibility criteria.
However, the Green Paper introduces a group of people with lifelong conditions who will not be subject to reassessment.
Can the Prime Minister confirm that people with a learning disability—a lifelong condition that will not change—will be included in the group of claimants who will not be subjected to repeated reassessments?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question; I know this issue means a lot to her.
We are clear on the principles for reform: protecting those with the most severe disabilities, who will never be able to work, as she refers to, and making sure that people with the most severe disabilities and health conditions will never again face the prospect of being constantly reassessed.
We are making sure that extra financial support is based on the impact of a health condition or disability, not the capacity to work, and I can reassure her that we are carefully considering options for transitional protection.
His Chancellor’s economic policies started off badly and have headed rapidly downhill from there, his Energy Secretary’s policies ensure that energy-rich Scotland lives under the highest domestic and commercial energy prices in the world, and his Foreign Secretary provides diplomatic cover for the atrocities committed  in Gaza by the Israel Defence Forces, to the horror of the people of Scotland, but the Prime Minister is the incompetent-in-chief who refuses to bring his Ministers into line.
That is just one of the reasons why independence enjoys an 11-point lead over remaining in this dysfunctional, broken, Brexit Britain.
Does he understand why the people of Scotland are so dissatisfied with his latest iteration of dysfunctional British rule in Scotland?
Does the hon.
Gentleman understand that the electorate in Scotland answered that question in July of last year?
I remember that there used to be quite a few SNP Members sitting on the Opposition Benches; now it is a distant cry from up on the Back Benches.
Last week, humanitarian law organisations applied for an arrest warrant for Israeli Foreign Minister Gideon Sa’ar over alleged war crimes in Gaza, including the siege of Kamal Adwan hospital and the torture of its director, Dr Hussam Abu Safiya, yet the red carpet was rolled out.
Sa’ar has justified blocking vital humanitarian aid into Gaza, backed the illegal annexation of Palestinian land and rejected a Palestinian state.
The Prime Minister is a human rights lawyer, so surely he knows that the UK has a legal duty to uphold international law.
Why, then, did he block the arrest of an unindicted war criminal?
I didn’t.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
You, like me, have long been a supporter of Britain’s nuclear test veterans, so I wonder whether you could advise me.
Given that Government lawyers have finally admitted, after 73 years of denial, that tests may have taken place at the time that those veterans were in the south Atlantic—they say that
“information may have been recorded by scientists carrying out radiation monitoring”—
surely a statement in the House by a Government Minister is required.
How can I facilitate that?[Official Report,  25 April 2025 ; Vol.
765, c. 14WC.] (
Correction)
I do not think I even need to answer that; the right hon.
Gentleman is a man who knows how to facilitate that, and I know the matter will not end here.