He spoke about respect and dignity, compassion and lowering the temperature, so will he now apologise to the very brave hon.
Member for Canterbury (Rosie Duffield) for hounding her out of the Labour party simply for telling the truth?
I have always approached this on the basis that we should treat everyone with dignity and respect, whatever their different views, and I will continue to do so.
I will tell you, Mr Speaker, why: because when we lose sight of that approach and make this a political football, as happened in the past, we end up with the spectacle of a decent man—and he was a decent man, the previous Prime Minister—diminishing himself at this Dispatch Box by making trans jokes while the mother of a murdered trans teenager watched from the Public Gallery just up there.
That will never be my approach.
My approach will be to support the ruling, protect single-sex spaces and treat everybody with dignity and respect, and I believe there is a consensus in this House and the country on that approach.
There was no apology to the hon.
Member for Canterbury.
There is no taking of responsibility.
The Prime Minister talks about political football; he practically kicked her out of his party—constructive dismissal.
He talks about my predecessor.
What about the abuse I faced from his MPs, who called me a  transphobe for supporting what the Supreme Court has now clarified, to use his words?
And where was he?
He hid for six days without commenting on the Supreme Court judgment.
Why did it take him so long to respond?
Is it not because he was scared?
The only fiction here is the idea that the right hon.
Member delivered anything in office.
She held the post of Minister for Women and Equalities for two years, and she did precisely nothing.
She provided no clarity on the law, and did nothing to improve women’s lives, which got materially worse under her watch.
For example, the Opposition talk about hospitals and mixed-sex wards, up hill and down dale.
What happened in the last decade?
The use of mixed-sex wards in our NHS rose by 2,000%.
There is a pattern of behaviour here: the Women and Equalities Minister who failed to do anything for women; the Trade Minister who failed to get a trade deal with the US; the Business Minister who failed to get a deal with British Steel.
She is a spectator, not a leader.
I will tell the Prime Minister what I did.
I stopped the gender—[Interruption.]
I will, I will.
When his Labour leader in Scotland was whipping his MSPs to get male rapists into women’s prisons, I stopped that gender recognition Bill.
I helped commission the Cass review.
I replaced the guidance on single-sex toilets.
I made sure that the puberty blockers issue was resolved, while he was sitting there cheering on the ideology that was taking away safe spaces.
And when the Prime Minister stayed silent last week, presumably waiting to hear what Morgan McSweeney thinks, on his WhatsApp groups some of his closest Ministers were plotting to overturn the Supreme Court decision.
Labour MP after Labour MP stood up yesterday and challenged the ruling.
How can we take his Government seriously on this?
I think the WhatsApp group the right hon.
Lady should be worried about is the one with her shadow Justice Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Newark (Robert Jenrick) .
The mask has slipped, just one week before the elections.
The shadow Justice Secretary is not here.
A man who is doing everything he can to replace her, the man that most Conservative Members want as leader of their party, has admitted that Reform and the Tories are working together.
He said:
“I want the fight to be united.”
He said he is determined
“to bring this coalition”,
as he calls it,
“together…one way or another”.
Well, I think we know what that means.