Other firms, large, medium and small, will grow in the UK and come to the UK if this measure is passed.
To ensure that exciting and dynamic future, I commend the Bill to the House.
I rise to speak in support of the Bill in my capacity as chair of the all-party parliamentary group for space.
Before I get to the thrust of my speech, I draw the House’s attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
My interests are both financial and non-financial, and I have a number of outside roles that are relevant to the UK space industry.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend  the Member for Woking (Mr Lord)  on introducing a Bill that appears extraordinarily simple but, as we heard from his well thought through and well delivered speech, would actually have a profound impact on a lot of technical areas in the space sector.
It shows a great deal of skill on his part that he can do something quite so complex in such a straightforward, intelligent and elegant way.
As my hon.
Friend said, the Bill seeks to enhance the UK’s position in the space industry by making changes to liability for spaceflight risks.
That is a wholly pragmatic and welcome change.
The Bill’s purpose is to make the UK an even better place to operate space businesses from, and it follows on from the space strategy published two or three years ago.
The Bill seeks to resolve some technical anomalies in the insurance sector in a goo and sensible way.
Importantly, it clarifies aspects of risk in a way that should provide comfort to those financial wizards supporting our superb space innovators, many of whom I have met.
I am  delighted to say that many came to Parliament for one of the regular space sector showcases run by the all-party parliamentary group for space.
The next one, which will be in the Attlee Suite on the morning of  19 March , is on the sustainability and future of space activities.
All Members and Members’ staff are welcome to come along to hear about that fascinating area.
The space sector is incredibly important.
People do not realise that every time they use a cashpoint, their transaction is confirmed through positioning, navigation and timing that comes from navigation satellites passing overhead.
We can do an amazing number of things.
We can analyse a country’s economic activity through heat sensors from Earth observation satellites, which can tell us whether a city, a port or a railway station is busy.
We can look at any number of different things.
We can predict the use of crop fertiliser, planting and distressed crops through Earth observation satellites.
I am delighted to say that I chair the advisory board of the Space Energy Initiative—this is a non-financial interest—and we are looking at whether beaming energy from space can be part of the future of a secure and safe planet.
What we can do is absolutely extraordinary.
In 1969, we first landed a man on the moon, and we are doing an enormous number of brilliant things.
I am delighted to say that a number of UK space industries are now looking to get involved in the Artemis programme, whereby NASA is looking to take astronauts back to the moon, possibly as early as next year.
This is a very exciting time for space in a wide range of areas.
We can go wrong by focusing specifically on the space sector itself; I would suggest that there is an increased benefit to the UK that go further than the space industry.
The space industry is important for a number of reasons, one of which is that, because of the high value of this type of activity, it addresses exactly what Adam Smith proposed in his 1776 book “The Wealth of Nations”: nations should try to create greater wealth by having greater productivity.