As a result of the Bill, the courts will have the necessary tools and guidance to deal swiftly with all SLAPPs, which aim to stifle freedom of speech.
Investigative journalists will also be empowered to expose wrongdoing in all its forms, whatever that may be.
It is my hope that defendants in such cases will, as a consequence, feel safe from attempts to wrongly exploit our legal system.
Journalists and others will be empowered to shine a light on criminal misconduct wherever they find it, whatever form it takes, without fear of spurious claims being made against them.
Unscrupulous individuals or corporations brazenly misuse our courts and legal system to further their agendas, to the detriment of the public interest, though it is wrong to do so as a matter of principle.
The public must know about wrongdoing and corruption, so that our democratic society can function and the rule of law can be preserved.
This Bill recognises the breadth and depth of SLAPPs; currently, the law focuses solely on economic crime, but SLAPPs can be found in all areas of the law.
This all-embracing legislation against SLAPPs is, I believe, a truly significant step in ensuring freedom of speech and removing a clear abuse of our legal system.
I therefore urge colleagues across the House to give the Bill their full support.
We in this House should all be proud of this country’s international reputation for upholding the rule of law.
In the current global climate, and following the recent murder of Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny, that is a freedom that we cannot take for granted.
Navalny was an incredibly brave man, and his wife  should be an inspiration to us all.
Navalny wanted the world to know the truth about what kind of man Putin is, and today, we are helping him in that aim.
The protection of our legal system must be a priority for all in this House, ensuring that this country’s reputation continues long into the future.
For that reason, I thank  the hon.
Member for Caerphilly (Wayne David)  for bringing this Bill before Parliament today, and I urge all colleagues to support it.
We are here because we have to beef up the law to further ensure that we do not allow our legal system to be manipulated and abused by bad-faith actors wishing to shut down freedom of the press and freedom of speech.
In 2021, an investigation by The New York Times found that in four of the six prior years, litigants from Russia and Kazakhstan had been involved in more civil cases in England than any other foreign nationals.
Those cases sought orders to freeze the assets of people worldwide.
Individuals and corporations—many from countries where the freedoms we enjoy in this country do not exist—use strategic litigation against public participation claims to harass and intimidate journalists and authors out of sharing information that those parties do not want seen or known.
The prime example is a case brought by multiple Russian billionaires, including former Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich, who attempted to sue the author and publisher of the book “Putin’s People”.
That book delved deep into the relationships between those oligarchs and Russian President Vladimir Putin—a relationship that those individuals cared deeply about when it suited them, but journalists can face legal action for pointing that out.
As has been mentioned, a Kazakh mining company brought a case against another journalist, Tom Burgis, over the contents of a book that he published about illegally gained money in the global economy.
Thankfully, that attempt to silence a journalist failed.
I have raised the issues surrounding “Putin’s People” before in this Chamber, alongside many colleagues from across the House, including my hon.
Friend  the Member for Isle of Wight (Bob Seely) , whose work on this issue I commend.