There is the case of Nina Cresswell who named a person who violently sexually assaulted her after  her original report was dismissed by the police.
She commendably wanted to alert other women who may become victims of sexual assault.
The man who was named sued her for defamation.
Ms Cresswell won a landmark judgment last year, but the very fact that she had to fight the case at all demonstrates the huge gaps that SLAPP claimants are only too ready to exploit, and we need to address that fact.
I have also heard stories of patients who have left negative reviews for botched plastic surgeries being issued with SLAPP claims by the surgeons.
I have heard of tenants who have spoken out about their uninhabitable housing being issued with SLAPP claims by their landlords.
That is wrong and it must be stopped.
I have given a few examples of relatively high-profile cases, and also of some that are not so well known.
There are many cases that do not attract any attention in court and there are many more that we do not know about because individuals are intimidated before legal proceedings actually commence.
The data that the Government have is only the tip of the iceberg.
As I have suggested, SLAPPs are extremely pernicious before any action reaches court.
Pre-action letters and legal pressure are applied well before proceedings are initiated.
This often results in the search or the investigation being withdrawn before publication, or, in some cases, in a whole variety of different areas, the effectiveness of threats and intimidation are such that the cases never see the light of day.
Accordingly, that will never be reflected in available data.
Then we come to the press in this country.
Let us remember that, as a country that champions freedoms both here and abroad, we must ensure that our free press, which is a real pillar of our democracy, never feels so vulnerable that it self-censors on vital matters in the public interest.
No one in the United Kingdom is above the law.
Furthermore, no one should be above proper scrutiny on a matter of public interest.
As to the data we have, the provision of figures from the Coalition Against SLAPPs in Europe are deeply concerning in themselves.
It estimates that there were  29 SLAPPs in England and Wales in 2022.
That is up from 25 in 2021 and 11 in 2020.
CASE’s August 2023 report recorded that the total figure in Europe over the past decade was 793.
The hon.
Member mentions the Coalition Against SLAPPs in Europe.
I wonder whether he agrees with the Anti- SLAPP Coalition that the proposed Bill, as drafted, would introduce a subjective test, requiring a court to infer the state of mind and purpose of the filer.
Does he agree with me that that would create complexity, costs and delay, which would potentially make the Bill ineffective?
It is an issue that has to be considered carefully, and, indeed, it has been given a great deal of consideration and much debate.
On that point, will the hon.
Gentleman give way?
May I just respond to the other point that has been made?
It is vital that this issue is considered properly and deeply.
I hope very much that, if we are successful today, the debate will continue into Committee, so that further consideration may be given to that issue.
At the moment, I am erring on the side of what is suggested by my private Member’s Bill.
I think the Bill strikes a balance.
It is not quite accurate to talk about subjectivity and objectivity, because a judge will have to make a determination on the facts that are presented and his knowledge of how the case is being conducted.
At the moment I err in favour of saying that there is a false dichotomy, but it is something that should be considered further in Committee.