This issue became increasingly pressing when the Russian oligarchs and allies of Putin used this process for their own ends.
Alongside them, we saw behaviour by multinational corporations or disreputable landlords to use and abuse our processes.
SLAPPs must always be taken seriously and tackled swiftly.
In this House, we have the ability and the privilege to ensure that such abuses are addressed head-on.
This House stands for free speech and for holding the powerful to account, and for always seeking to ensure that the best interests of the public, in the widest sense, are being served by the law.
SLAPPs-style litigation is an abuse of power designed to inhibit public interest investigations and reporting.
The harm that SLAPPs cause is not only that they stifle public comment by forcing its removal or editing it; they also discourage journalists, academics and campaigners from investigating issues in the first place, leaving matters of public interest undiscovered and the British public in the dark.
In this way, the effect of SLAPPs is far more  pernicious.
We cannot sit by and allow our media to feel that some people and organisations cannot be subject to scrutiny just because they have unlimited financial firepower to mobilise aggressive legal tactics.
To quote Andrew Galizia, whose mother Daphne, a Maltese investigative journalist, was murdered in 2017:
“The aim of these lawsuits is to deprive the target of time and resources, and to deter others from taking up the same story.”
His mother was subject to 43 lawsuits at the time of her death.
Regardless of whether a claim is aimed at an author, an academic, a journalist or a private individual, this abuse of the law to muzzle the free press must not go unchecked.
We will not allow our justice system to be abused.
In the Government’s response to our original call for evidence, we said that although there are powers enabling courts to strike out cases as an abuse of process, these powers need to be strengthened to counteract the very sophisticated and aggressive actions brought by SLAPP claimants.
The House will be aware of some high-profile cases that have shone a light on SLAPPs—cases such as that brought against the British journalist Tom Burgis, whom Members have already mentioned, who was sued for libel in the High Court by ENRC, an oligarch-owned mining company, following his publication of “Kleptopia: How Dirty Money is Conquering the World”.
There were multiple claims issued against Tom Burgis by ENRC, targeting him as an individual author rather than his publisher.
These claims concerned his tweets, podcasts and articles that mentioned his book.
The case was dismissed early on.
The statements complained about were found not to be defamatory and Mr Burgis was vindicated, but how many more cases do not reach our courtrooms due to the intimidatory tactics and costs run up by aggressive claimants before proceedings are even initiated?
I think that is the point made by  the hon.
Member for Hammersmith (Andy Slaughter) , and I will address a couple of his points at this juncture.
We have engaged with the SRA and will continue to do so.
As the hon.
Member mentioned, warning notices have already been issued.
The fines for misbehaviour by solicitors firms have been increased, and pre-action behaviour is a legitimate cause of concern.
The Government will continue to engage with the regulator to see how that can be further addressed.
As so many people have volunteered to be on the Public Bill Committee, I am sure that, with the indulgence of the hon.
Member for Caerphilly, we can look at the issue in more depth.
There is evidence that the number of SLAPPs is increasing year on year.
There were 11 cases in the UK in 2020, 25 in 2021 and 29 in 2022.
Such worrying and abusive conduct, whereby those with deep pockets attempt to financially bully dissenting voices, is unacceptable  in our democracy.