Friend  the Member for St Austell and Newquay (Steve Double) , worked with the project from start to finish.
Let me explain what it meant to the people of Cornwall.
It has inspired a whole generation of children in the county.
I actually feel sorry for colleagues who go into schools to talk about mining and renewables, and who try to inspire children to go into such careers, because Melissa Quinn went in and absolutely wiped the floor with them.
She has inspired a whole generation to go into space careers.
A lot of kids and families in Cornwall think, “Because we live in Cornwall, this isn’t for us,” but it absolutely is for us and our children.
Because of the project, we have seen investment go into Truro and Penwith College, which now has the facilities to train engineers and to do virtual welding and all sorts of things.
I have no idea what goes on there, but the facilities are very shiny and fabulous.
Martin Tucker, the principal, has been fully engaged with this project and others to ensure that the kids who were inspired in primary school at the beginning of it can carry out their training in Cornwall and go into careers in the county.
Cornish MPs have been fighting for this for a decade or more, and it is starting to happen now, thanks to that project.
Cosmic Girl ran into problems.
Newquay was only ever supposed to have one or two launches a year.
Are we going to get another one?
Yes, I absolutely hope that we are, but it is not just about working towards launches.
The project means that we have the know-how, the supply chains and the knowledge to support other launches around the country and across the world.
It is fantastic that the spaceport is still there, and we should keep it going.
I know that the Cornwall and Isles of Scilly local enterprise partnership and Cornwall Council are still very enthusiastic about ensuring that we harness the expertise and do not let any of it go.
The other large company that Members may or may not have heard of—I am sure my hon.
Friend the Member for Woking has heard of it—is Goonhilly Earth Station.
When people drive right down into the west of Cornwall and the constituency of my hon.
Friend  the Member for St Ives (Derek Thomas) , they will look across the moorland, see huge satellite dishes and think, “My goodness!
What on earth are they doing there?”
Goonhilly is fantastic—the world’s first private deep space communications network.
It provides additional capacity to the NASA and European Space Agency networks.
Any deep space mission that Members have heard of will have been supported by Goonhilly and the team there.
I do not know whether Members have seen the Australian movie “The Dish”, in which the characters have a small amount of time when they are the only ones on Earth supporting whatever deep space mission or moon landing mission is taking place.
Goonhilly started a bit like that, but it has developed so much more.
I cannot remember the figures off the top of my head, but the capacity for the amount of data that can be stored at the facility is phenomenal.
Ian Jones, who runs the facility, is always looking for people to go and see what brilliant things they are doing, such as radio astronomy, supported by cryogenically cooled 30-metre antennas.
It is a part of the global space communications network.
On our ambitions, we hope that by 2030 Cornwall and the Isles of Scilly will be a leader in the national space programme, exploiting the physical, digital and intellectual assets of the area, and using satellite data to overcome local and global challenges, such as the impact of climate change, which we have heard about.