It is laudable that so many Members in all parts of the House have taken the time to attend and to make such excellent contributions.
I also pay tribute to people and organisations outside the House, notably the UK Anti-SLAPP Coalition.
It has worked tirelessly on this issue for some time, and its input has been of tremendous value.
I thank the Ministry of Justice and its civil servants for their assistance, its briefings and its constructive engagement at all times.
There are a number of issues that many Members consider particularly important, such as the so-called issue of subjective tests.
I am inclined to agree with what the Minister said in summing up the debate, but I accept that there is room for further discussion, and we will be able to deal with it in some detail if the Bill goes into Committee.
I agree that cost is a fundamental issue.
A number of Members have cited examples in which it is enormously important in ensuring that justice is done and is seen to be done.
In her evidence to a Select Committee, the author Catherine Belton said that in London a single letter cost as much as £9,000, addressing concerns that had been expressed by a number of people.
If one letter costs £9,000, we all know how much an entire case could cost.
Surely that cannot be right in a democratic country which prides itself on freedom of speech, in which freedom of speech is pivotal, and which allows justice for all.
I hope very much that the Bill will continue its progress through the House and will reach the statute book, because I think that that would be a huge step forward for parliamentary democracy.
Question put and agreed to.
Bill accordingly read a Second time; to stand committed to a Public Bill Committee ( Standing Order No.
63 ).
Second Reading
I beg to move, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
I am delighted to be here to introduce a Bill that will help to support our thriving and dynamic space sector.
It will amend section 12(2) of the Space Industry Act 2018 to make clear in legislation that all spaceflight operator licences must specify a limit on the amount of the licensee’s liability under section 36 of the Act.
The 2018 Act enables commercial spaceflight activities, which include launching a spacecraft and operating a satellite in orbit, for example, and other activities such as the operation of a spaceport and management of a range, to be carried out under a licence in the United Kingdom.
The 2018 Act sets out the broad licensing and regulatory framework for carrying out such activities and is underpinned with more detailed provisions in the Space Industry Regulations 2021.
United Nations space treaties place obligations and responsibilities on states for activities in outer space.
In particular, UN space treaties make states liable for damage or injury caused by their space activities or those of their nationals.
Section 36 of the 2018 Act requires persons carrying out spaceflight activities to indemnify the UK Government and a number of named public bodies against any claims brought against the Government or bodies in respect of damage or loss arising out of, or in connection with, those spaceflight activities.
However, that is subject to any limit on the amount of an operator’s liability specified in their licence, except in prescribed circumstances, such as where the operator is liable in respect of gross negligence or wilful misconduct.
The 2018 Act currently provides powers for the regulator to specify a limit on the amount of the operator’s liability in their licence, but the Act does not make it mandatory.