Cornwall is in fact at the forefront of the UK’s developing space economy and is playing an increasingly important role in the national space programme to ensure that as many people as possible contribute to and benefit from the economic growth.
Cornwall’s data, space and aerospace strategy ambitions include: mitigating and reversing environmental degradation; restoring nature and seeking to protect businesses and communities from the impact of climate change, both locally and globally; working with the Government to grow the UK space economy as a whole; and, growing the Cornwall and Isles of Scilly economy to deliver jobs and international investment, while offering an outstanding quality of life for its people.
Cornwall and Isles of Scilly local enterprise partnership made space one of its main priorities some time ago.
If the House will indulge me, I would like to pay tribute to one of the key players, Mark Duddridge, who we lost suddenly last year.
Mark used to be chair of the local enterprise partnership.
Sadly, a matter of hours after I was in a Zoom meeting with him from this place, he tragically and suddenly died.
Mark has left a hole in the industry and business community in Cornwall, and is very fondly remembered.
New MPs look for the people they can trust, with knowledge in all these things, so that we can gain our own knowledge and learn about them, and Mark was certainly one of those people for me.
Mark said of the space industry:
“We’ve backed Cornwall’s spaceport bid from day one because we saw the potential for Cornwall to play a vital role in the UK’s space economy ambitions and create high value jobs.
The global space industry could triple in value to more than $1 trillion by 2040 and what’s driving that is climate change, security and telecoms.
The facilities we are helping to fund at Spaceport Cornwall are already having a catalytic effect and attracting new space companies to Cornwall.”
One of those is international space logistics company D-Orbit, which will establish a satellite assembly, integration and testing facility at Spaceport Cornwall’s Centre for Space Technologies, with support from the European Space Agency.
Mark played a key role in that, and others are continuing his work.
He was a talented and passionate advocate for Cornwall, and has left a large hole.
I thank my hon.
Friend the Member for Woking for bringing clarity to the industry as a whole.
As he has mentioned, where we had a “may” we will now have a “must”.
That is always important so that industry knows what it is doing.
Members may not know that Cornwall has more than 150 business involved in the space industry,  and 35 local and national partners.
In 2023, 1,300 people in Cornwall were employed in the space industry, which was worth about £88 million; by 2030, we expect more than 3,000 people to be employed in it, with a potential value of £1 billion.
My hon.
Friends have mentioned some of the businesses and services employed by the space industry.
Let me add to that list the marine protection areas that we are deploying not just around UK waters but globally, because that is done via satellite.
How do we know how bad climate change is in different parts of the world?
Satellites do that for us.
When I was a Cornwall councillor, we had interesting debates about the benefits of the spaceport in Cornwall.
Some of our environmentalists were concerned that we were sending huge great jumbo jets off into space and that it would cause a lot of pollution, but my belief— and that of a lot of my constituents—is that the good outweighs the bad given the amount of information that we can now get, and that surely we in Cornwall want to provide the jobs and infrastructure to allow that information to come back to Earth.
So what else is Cornwall doing in the space industry?