It sounds like the hon.
Member wants to be on the Bill Committee and is drafting his amendments in his head.
I have never known a private Member’s Bill Committee to be so popular.
I am not a legal draftsman and I do not know the answer to his question, but we need to bottom out this issue, because it seems to be attracting the most attention.
Other issues have been raised about overlaps with the Defamation Act, and costs.
There are provisions on costs in the Bill, but it is about whether they are driving down costs as far as they can, and about public interest.
A number of areas could be further explored, even in this short Bill.
Costs are a vital but often neglected part of the legal process.
This is a hobby-horse of mine.
We have just discussed the Media Bill in the House, and the repeal of section 40 of the Crime and Courts Act 2013, which in effect takes Leveson part 1 out of the equation with regard to having a level playing field for victims of press abuse—if I can put it that way.
On SLAPPs, the Government appear to support legislation such as this to prevent costs being used as a weapon to prevent people getting their just deserts and   their day in court, but there is a different situation when it comes to the media itself—I cannot for the life of me see the difference.
Of course, Leveson cuts both ways; Leveson also provided a formula for protecting small publishers against exactly the sort of people who take part in SLAPPs—indeed, he could have used the word “SLAPPs” in his report.
It also protects the innocent victims of press abuse because the press magnates—not journalists and small publishers but major publishers—also have bottomless pockets.
In his response or during the passage of the Bill, could the Minister think again, at the very least, about how the Government will approach the issue of small publishers and journalists being sued in order to protect the so-called privacy—often the nefarious activities—of very wealthy individuals and corporations.
This can affect anyone, including journalists like Tom Burgis, who won his case.
The experience did not discourage him, because next week I am hoping to go to the launch of his latest book, “Cuckooland: Where the Rich Own the Truth”.
Let me give him a little plug—it will soon be available from all good bookshops.
It takes huge courage for someone to risk everything simply in the course of prosecuting their employment, when there is the risk of bankruptcy or being dropped by their publisher—although that was not at risk, I have to say, in Tom’s case.
We heard about the case of Charlotte Leslie, a former colleague of ours, who was effectively persecuted through the courts.
We are lucky; we have the protection of privilege here.
However, when we step outside this place, we can become a victim in that way, just like anybody else who is, with good intent, simply trying to tell the truth.
This even affects organisations such as the Serious Fraud Office, which is still being prosecuted through the courts by the Eurasian Natural Resources Corporation.
The Serious Fraud Office launched the action in good faith, and there was what I would call retaliatory SLAPP action.
Although the original action by the SFO has been discontinued, the SLAPP continues.
It really does look like a topsy-turvy world when organisations that we should rely on to regulate society—in which I include investigative journalists, Members of Parliament, and certainly criminal investigation organisations—themselves become the victims of those they wish to call out.
That is why we urgently need a much more comprehensive approach to SLAPPs, and that is why I fully welcome the Bill and will support it today.
However, I think we can do more work on this.