There has also been consultation.
On  13 October 2020 , the Government published a consultation on spaceflight liability insurance and charging.
Respondents raised concerns about the wording of section 12(2) of the Space Industry Act 2018, under which a licence only “may” contain a limit of liability with respect to claims made under section 36 of the Act.
On  5 March 2021 , in response to the consultation, the Government said in their regulations and guidance on spaceport and spaceflight activities:
“If another suitable piece of primary legislation is brought forward, the Government may seek to amend the wording in section 12(2) from ‘may’ to ‘must’.”
We all benefit from the services provided by satellites.
We might pay for our morning coffee using contactless payment, Google Pay or even cash withdrawn from an ATM; none of that would be possible without satellites.
Satellites provide precise references for navigation, communication to remote places, and pictures of our changing planet, not to mention the support they provide to the defence and security of the United Kingdom.
Satellite data, space technology and space applications are used to enhance our everyday life.
The space sector is hugely valuable to the UK’s economy.
It is worth over £17.5 billion and directly employs more than 48,000 people.
It supports over 126,000 jobs across the supply chain.
The UK is already one of the world’s strongest centres of advanced satellite manufacturing.
Thanks to this Government, it is now possible to launch satellites from UK spaceports, rather than relying solely on overseas spaceports to launch UK-built satellites into orbit.
Last year, an historical first launch from UK soil was made by Virgin Orbit at Spaceport Cornwall.
In December, SaxaVord spaceport in the Shetland Islands became the UK’s first licensed  vertical launch spaceport, with more to follow.
New launch companies such as Orbex and Skyrora have built factories in Scotland, creating hundreds of new jobs, ready to take advantage of the new opportunities that the Government have created.
In preparation for this debate, I have been asked questions by several Members, and I will address those now.
I have been asked what effect the Bill will have on public expenditure, and I can assure the House that it will not entail any additional expenditure, as the amendment is in line with Government policy.
I have been asked whether there are any transitional arrangements.
There are not.
Clause 2(3) provides that the Bill will come into force two months to the day on which it is passed.
Transitional arrangements are not required because no licences have been granted that do not have a limit on liability specified in them, by virtue of the Government’s policy on limiting liability.
I have been asked whether I have ensured compatibility with the European convention on human rights.
As this is a private Member’s Bill, no statement of compatibility is required.
However, as recorded in the explanatory notes, the Department for Transport considers that the provisions of the Bill are compatible with the convention.
I have been asked whether it is compatible with environmental law.
Again, as it is a private Member’s Bill, no statement under section 20 of the Environment Act 2021 is required, but as the explanatory notes say, the Department for Transport is of the view that the Bill does not contain provisions that, if enacted, would be environmental law for the purposes of section 20.
This is a narrowly focused Bill addressing what the space sector has asked for.
I hope that no further amendments will be tabled, as it would be a shame to  be unable to progress or deliver this key ask from  our increasingly important space industry because of amendments or additions.
Let me give a final summary of the purpose of the Bill, why I think it is important and how it will benefit our space industry.