The use of lawfare by abusers to pursue their current or ex-partner is coming to light more and more.
I am aware that the occurrence of civil litigation cases of this nature has drastically increased, particularly following the widely publicised Amber Heard versus Johnny Depp case in the US.
The most common proceedings we see brought are by men accused of sexual misconduct and/or domestic violence launching vexatious cases in relation to defamation, libel, the misuse of private information, harassment and press injunctions.
The UN special rapporteur on freedom of expression, Irene Khan, writing in a dedicated report on gender censorship in 2021, said:
“In a perverse twist in the #MeToo age, women who publicly denounce alleged perpetrators of sexual violence online are increasingly subject to defamation suits or charged with criminal libel or the false reporting of crimes.
Weaponising the justice system to silence women feeds impunity while also undermining free speech.”
In addition, barristers Jennifer Robinson and Dr Yoshida make the argument in their book that the current situation strikes an unfair balance between his right to reputation and her right to freedom of speech.
What is missing in the legislation in the UK as it stands is a recognition of  the importance of her additional rights: her right to live a life free from gender-based violence and her right to equality.
The practice of abusers weaponising civil litigation against survivors is a continuation of abuse, as well as additional trauma.
I often find myself asking, “If we cannot speak about violence against women and girls, how can we even tackle it?”
By their nature, these cases misuse the courts and are brought against survivors to silence them and re-victimise them emotionally and financially.
I urge the Government to look at the situation in the family courts, as well as the civil courts.
No one should suffer domestic abuse, and anyone in such a situation should be supported in speaking out.
It is  a matter of public good and public interest.
It is a pleasure to follow  the hon.
Member for Poplar and Limehouse (Apsana Begum) .
May I start by congratulating  the hon.
Member for Caerphilly (Wayne David) ?
He has brought forward an excellent private Member’s Bill, and this is entirely what we should be doing with Friday sittings.
I love Friday sittings; I have outed myself as a geek on multiple occasions.
For me, this is what the job is about—coming here and talking at length about stuff that is important to people.
I also out myself as a lawyer and wave my LLB about.
I am passionate about our legal system and believe keenly in it.
It is the jewel in the crown of our state.
It is par excellence and second to none.
It deeply grieves me when something so important is perverted for the narrow interest of a small cadre of people who have rightly deduced that a technical flaw is available to them, and they have enough money to exploit it.
The system should not be exploitable purely because someone has the financial resource to do it.
We should not be able to purchase justice in this country—but people  do that.
I will speak to two main issues only that I have deduced from reading this private Member’s Bill—which I will support fully, I hasten to add.
The first is a matter for when the Bill reaches Committee, and that is how we address the serious problem of forum shopping.
This country has a particularly robust approach to defamation legislation.
Imagine that I publish a book like “Putin’s People”, for example: it could be the case that it is published in 18 different countries but that I only get sued in this one, because this country is the one that is most technically adept at allowing somebody to get money out of me and keep me quiet.