This is a narrowly focused Bill addressing what the space sector has asked for.
I hope that no further amendments will be tabled, as it would be a shame to  be unable to progress or deliver this key ask from  our increasingly important space industry because of amendments or additions.
Let me give a final summary of the purpose of the Bill, why I think it is important and how it will benefit our space industry.
Before a company can operate a satellite in orbit or carry out a launch mission from the UK, it must first obtain a spaceflight operator licence under the Space Industry Act 2018.
The licence process ensures that spaceflight activities are undertaken safely, securely and in accordance with the UK’s international obligations.
Under United Nations space treaties, the state is ultimately liable for any damage or injury that may be caused by its space activities, even when undertaken by commercial space operators.
The Space Industry Act contains provisions to help mitigate potential costs to UK taxpayers arising from UK commercial spaceflight activities.
That includes requirements for operators to hold insurance and, under section 36, to indemnify the UK Government and other named public bodies against any claims brought against the Government or body in respect of damage or loss.
It is recognised, however, that unlimited liability on commercial space activities would be a barrier to their operating in the United Kingdom.
Other space nations, such as France and the United States of America, limit liabilities, or provide a state guarantee for the launch activities that take place from their territory.
The Space Industry Act contains powers to specify in a spaceflight operator’s licence a limit on the amount of an operator’s liability, in order to indemnify the Government and other public bodies.
Government policy is that the regulator should  use those powers to specify a limit on the amount of the operator’s liability in the licence, so that no operator will face unlimited liability.
It is essentially a form of risk sharing between the commercial operator and Government.
This policy is set out in guidance, and I understand that all spaceflight operator licences issued under the Space Industry Act to date contain a limit on the amount of an operator’s liability.
However, the industry has made it very clear, in response to consultation and in other fora, that it would welcome legal certainty that it will not face unlimited liability when launching or operating a satellite from the UK.
Setting that clear requirement in law would provide UK industry and those looking to invest in the UK with greater certainty, and would carry more force than reliance on policy statements and guidance.
This Bill will provide that legal certainty by amending section 12(2) of the Space Industry Act, so that spaceflight operator licences must specify a limit on the amount of the operator’s liability under section 36 of that Act.
As such, the Bill will provide a vital further boost to our burgeoning UK space industry.
I am particularly mindful of the benefits it will bring to growing and innovative companies such as Surrey Satellite Technology Ltd on the Surrey research park, many of whose past and current employees live in my constituency of Woking.
Our UK space industry is thriving, but this measure is vital to secure an equally exciting and dynamic future.
It is companies such as Surrey Satellite Technology Ltd —just outside my constituency, and many of whose employees live in my constituency—that will benefit.
Other firms, large, medium and small, will grow in the UK and come to the UK if this measure is passed.
To ensure that exciting and dynamic future, I commend the Bill to the House.
I rise to speak in support of the Bill in my capacity as chair of the all-party parliamentary group for space.