I beg to move, That the House sit in private.
Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No.
163 ) and negatived.
Second Reading
I beg to move, That the Bill be now read the Second time.
I have been a Member of Parliament for nearly 23 years. [
Hon.
Members: “No!]
I know it is difficult to believe for some, but it is true.
This is the first occasion on which my name has been drawn in the private Member’s Bill ballot; I am pleased to say my name was drawn fourth.
I thought long and hard about the most appropriate and best piece of draft legislation to bring forward.
I decided on this Bill, because I genuinely think it is incredibly important, and I will set out to the House why that is.
The Bill tackles strategic litigation against public participation cases, widely known as SLAPPs, in all their forms.
Last year, I and the Labour Opposition welcomed the measures enacted in the Economic Crime and Corporate Transparency Act 2023 that ensured that SLAPPs relating to economic crime can be tackled.
I am pleased to bring forward a Bill to expand on that.
Reform to protect freedom of speech and the public interest is something that all parties in Parliament hold dear.
In all debates in this House and the other place there has been a broad consensus about the need for reform to tackle the pernicious effect of SLAPPs.
However, in both Houses it has been clear that the Economic Crime and Corporate Transparency Act does not go far enough.
SLAPPs have taken and do take many forms.
It is vital to bring forward legislation that genuinely tackles the issue in a holistic and rounded sense.
There are many examples of SLAPPs.
I will refer to a few high-profile cases that have reached court and received some publicity, and to others that have not received that much publicity.
I begin with a case that I am sure hon.
Members will be aware of, because it has attracted a great deal of attention.
In 2022, a defamation case was reportedly brought against the journalist Tom Burgis, the Financial Times and publishers HarperCollins by a Kazakh mining company.
The case concerned a book by Burgis entitled “Kleptopia: How Dirty Money is Conquering the World”.
A defamation case was brought by Roman Abramovich against journalist Catherine Belton and HarperCollins regarding her book “Putin’s People”.
It is an excellent book and well worth reading.
There was a legal assault on the book through a number of lawsuits in quick succession, justifiably provoking a group of campaigners for free expression to state that London’s courts were becoming the venue of choice for legal action designed to “quash critical journalism”.
Catherine Belton, the author of “Putin’s People”, has called for the introduction of reforms to tackle this global industry, based here in London.
Hopefully, the Bill will begin to address this significant problem seriously.
Then there is the case of Amersi v. Leslie.
A British business owner, Mohamed Amersi, brought a defamation case against Charlotte Leslie, a former Conservative MP and managing director of the Conservative Middle East Council.
I am familiar with the case, because I am the shadow Minister for the middle east and north Africa.
The case concerned a memo on Amersi’s background and dealings with Russia.
It was put together in response to his attempt to become the chair of CMEC.
The claim by Amersi was struck out, because he had failed to show how the memo caused serious harm to his reputation.
It is not only high-profile cases that involve SLAPPs.
There is the case of Nina Cresswell who named a person who violently sexually assaulted her after  her original report was dismissed by the police.
She commendably wanted to alert other women who may become victims of sexual assault.
The man who was named sued her for defamation.