I am really excited about this.
I am a member of the Science, Innovation and Technology Committee, so I was very pleased to hear my hon.
Friend  the Member for Woking (Mr Lord)  mention our report.
A lot of love went into it—we enjoyed ourselves a bit too much, I am not going to deny it!
I find this entire sector incredibly fascinating and extremely exciting, not just because of the aforementioned geekery but because of its potential.
I think about kids in my constituency who are now being exposed to opportunities and new horizons that simply were not on the radar of young people even five or six years ago.
Apprentices in my patch are talking about working in this area.
Some have gone to work for Airbus, which is doing fantastic things with satellites.
I recently went to its Stevenage factory as part of my Industry and Parliament Trust fellowship, which is in space and aerospace.
One thing it purports to be doing is transferring energy from space, which will genuinely be a game changer.
I was flabbergasted when that was explained to me.
To monitor climate change, satellites will tell us how much heat is transferring out of wood in forests, so we know whether rainforests need to be reforested and whether we are facing climate change at 1.5° or 2°.
That is mind-bendingly brilliant stuff, and it is now available to kids who, five or six years ago, might have been told, “Right, once you finish school, you either go work in the JJB Sports factory down the road or in a shop.”
It is exciting, fantastically valuable and hugely important for things like our financial sector.
Greater Manchester has a fairly sizable financial sector, which is great for us.
We also have a large legal sector—I know because I used to work in it.
I would love to be a space lawyer.
Let’s see how the rest of the year goes; I might need to become one.
Ultimately, the Bill is about empowering us.
The other thing I love about it—again, I promise not to wave my LLB about too much—is its simplicity and elegance.
It is that Coltrane sax solo: so simple that it is brilliant.
Changing a word effectively empowers us to do so much more.
The power of that is inestimable.
That is why it was part of the report that the Science, Innovation and Technology Committee put out.
At the moment, we are disincentivising people from innovating, and that is not what we should be about.
We are saying instead that people should go out and take risks, and we will ensure that they can be rewarded.
They will not be completely and utterly obliterated for having a go.
Even if the second-stage fuel pump does not work, it will not be the end of the business.
We need to be alive to that because we need risk takers, as we do in every sector.
We need people who are willing to boldly go into the final frontier. [
Interruption.]
I have not finished yet.
When I shout “House!”
everyone will know that I have done them all.
Fundamentally, this is  about ensuring that Britain’s future is not just here on Earth, but in the stars, and we have every right to be there—as much as any other country.
I thank my hon.
Friend for allowing me to intervene, especially given that I have just rambled on for who knows how long.
One thing I did not mention that he might be interested in is the defence sector.
Again, when I visited Goonhilly, there was a huge amount going on there.
We talk about our maritime fleet being bothered by the Russians and the Chinese on a daily basis, but our satellites and space are as well.
It is hugely important that we are at the forefront of this.
Does he agree?
My hon.
Friend is entirely correct.