The first is a matter for when the Bill reaches Committee, and that is how we address the serious problem of forum shopping.
This country has a particularly robust approach to defamation legislation.
Imagine that I publish a book like “Putin’s People”, for example: it could be the case that it is published in 18 different countries but that I only get sued in this one, because this country is the one that is most technically adept at allowing somebody to get money out of me and keep me quiet.
That will then prevent me from being able to publish that book in other places; effectively, that process in one country will gag me in other countries.
I think we can do something in that space.
The hon.
Gentleman has put together an excellent Bill.
It is one for the pinstripe-suited—I am actually not wearing a pinstripe suit today—geeky bods to get into.
We will have to drill down into the Bill to ensure that it is as robust as possible, but I am happy with its direction.
My second point is about addressing what the Bill is really about.
It is about not technical amendments to the legal system—as much as I love those—but freedom of speech.
Freedom of speech is one of the most fundamental rights in every democracy.
The United States constitution starts with:
“Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting…the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances.”
That is an incredibly powerful and potent set of clauses that prevents the situation we are discussing from happening in the United States.
We have to rely on article 10 of the European convention on human rights; and I will say now, for the avoidance of doubt, that you will get me through a wood chipper faster than you will get me through a Division Lobby to take us out of that.
Article 10 is incredibly important, but it is not adequate for the task ahead of us, and that is why this is such an important Bill.
As a Member of Parliament, I want to be able to go out and talk about what is correct, right, proper and decent, without having to rely on the fact that I have immunity in this Chamber, but I cannot do that without fear or favour at the moment, because this lawfare system—I think the hon.
Member for Poplar and Limehouse coined that term, which is an effective way of describing what is going—is basically being used to destroy one of the fundamental principles of our democracy.
The hon.
Member for Caerphilly is entirely right and proper to bring us this Bill.
I will enthusiastically support it; if he needs people for Bill Committee when it gets to that stage, I will be there—and I am afraid I will be talking a lot.
It is a pleasure to take part in the debate, particularly with you in the Chair, Mr Speaker.
This is essentially a debate about free speech, which I know is of great concern to you not only in this Chamber but outside it.
It is also of particular concern to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Caerphilly (Wayne David) , and I congratulate him on bringing the Bill forward.
He is quite busy with his other hat on, as the shadow Minister for the Middle East, so it is good that he has time to be here on a Friday to promote his Bill.
I hope he has the Government’s support.
I would say that this became a live issue for the House when  the right hon.