This is a very exciting time for space in a wide range of areas.
We can go wrong by focusing specifically on the space sector itself; I would suggest that there is an increased benefit to the UK that go further than the space industry.
The space industry is important for a number of reasons, one of which is that, because of the high value of this type of activity, it addresses exactly what Adam Smith proposed in his 1776 book “The Wealth of Nations”: nations should try to create greater wealth by having greater productivity.
This country has had a productivity conundrum for a number of years, and concentrating on the space sector could increase our productivity and therefore benefit the whole of the country.
The Bill also talks about the service sector—the insurance industry.
Members will be aware that before coming to Parliament, I was in financial services—investment banking and small investment fund management—so when I look at the opportunities presented by something such as the space sector, I tend to look at the many UK opportunities, in the context not just of the direct beneficiary but of how the sector helps the wider economy.
The UK has one of the best—certainly the oldest—wholesale insurance markets, located in the City of London.
It must be the aim of the whole of Government to ensure not just that spaceflights and operations are controlled from the UK but that all involved in the space industry come to London to seek insurance and other financial services from our financial services experts.
I have argued for some time that the UK should do more to align the interests of our space industry with the interests of the UK financial markets.
I take inspiration from a former Chancellor of the Exchequer.
When he was newly appointed Chancellor after the 1997 general  election, many years ago, the former Member for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath recognised the UK’s good but small film industry.
He chose to make a small intervention in the tax system to incentivise investment into UK films.
As a direct result, he helped to rebuild the UK film industry into the vibrant and innovative industry that  it is today.
I suspect that when we look at some great films, a direct thread can be traced: between that intervention by the former right hon.
Member for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath back in the late 1990s and, for example, the success of the “Harry Potter” franchise right here in the UK.
Harry Potter is a brilliant export, and was always going to be a great film success, but I am certain that without that intervention, the heroes of the Harry Potters may well have cast their spells with American accents.
I think we can look to that, dare I say, great former Labour Chancellor, for the huge amount he did for the British film industries.
It may be the only time that the House hears me say “great” and “Labour Chancellor” in the same sentence, but he did an important job, and we should recognise that.
Of course, there was a little bit of abuse of the system by one or two people enjoying it, but notwithstanding that, the intervention has been important.
A similar intervention can be made to support not just the space industry but our world-class wholesale financial markets.
It is important that the City of London does not just think about what it does today and whether it does markets well; it should be completely innovating the whole time to seek opportunities that come in the future.
We should not think about any industry only in terms of what we can offer it; we must think about our ambitions in any sector with a view to how it can enhance wider service sectors.