He is quite busy with his other hat on, as the shadow Minister for the Middle East, so it is good that he has time to be here on a Friday to promote his Bill.
I hope he has the Government’s support.
I would say that this became a live issue for the House when  the right hon.
Member for Haltemprice and Howden (Sir David Davis)  held his January 2022 debate on lawfare and the UK court system; as with everything American, the terms “SLAPPs” has taken over the language here, but lawfare is effectively the same thing.
On that day, which was really the issue’s first run-out, I replied for the Opposition.
There were many strong contributions, and the debate put the issue on the map, including on the Government’s map.
Let us give the Government a little bit of credit, although not too much; there has been some progress.
We have heard about what is in the Economic Crime and Corporate Transparency Act 2023, dealing with the issue of SLAPPs, but in a particular way and for a particular type of offence—that is, around economic crime—and the anti-SLAPPs taskforce also meets, but it is somewhat disappointing that the Government have not brought forward their own comprehensive legislation on the issue.
I hope they will use the agency of my hon.
Friend the Member for Caerphilly to get something on the books in the time available in this Parliament.
Nevertheless, we have not done the entire job.
That is no  criticism at all of my hon.
Friend, and I do not know whether that is an invitation for me to be on the Bill Committee as well.
I will deal with three points that need slightly further attention.
The first, which my hon.
Friend mentioned, is the issue of SLAPPs taking place in the dark—pre-issue, as it were.
There has been some attention by the Solicitors Regulation Authority to that in issuing guidelines, but there is still quite a strong feeling that many SLAPPs were effective long before getting to the courtroom because of the intimidation—which we should not underemphasise—placed on individuals.
They may be authors or journalists, but they may just be individual members of the public.
The intimidation may even be of corporations, and yet they cannot take the risk because they are up against people with not just deep, but bottomless, pockets.
We heard about the £1.5 million cost for Catherine Belton in relation to “Putin’s People”.
That was pocket money for Abramovich, but for a publisher—let alone a journalist—it is a significant sum of money.
A more comprehensive view of how SLAPPs act is important in relation to resources.
I do not want to disagree with my hon.
Friend, but we need to look at the point that the Anti-SLAPP Coalition and the NUJ have raised—and  the hon.
Member for Tiverton and Honiton (Richard Foord) —about a subjective or objective test.
That is not easy.
Obviously, there are subjective as well as objective tests throughout the legal system.
Nevertheless, there is a real fear that the need for a defendant to show subjective elements will be a path for the claimant to tie proceedings up in knots, complicate things and drag them out.
I do not know what the solution is, but we should at least explore that and listen to the expert organisations, particularly the National Union of Journalists and the Anti-SLAPP Coalition, which are urging us to take that course.
Does the hon.
Member think that a minor amendment could be introduced to add an objective test based on observable features of abuse, to help prevent litigation from being misused to suppress freedom of speech?
It sounds like the hon.
Member wants to be on the Bill Committee and is drafting his amendments in his head.
I have never known a private Member’s Bill Committee to be so popular.