It really does look like a topsy-turvy world when organisations that we should rely on to regulate society—in which I include investigative journalists, Members of Parliament, and certainly criminal investigation organisations—themselves become the victims of those they wish to call out.
That is why we urgently need a much more comprehensive approach to SLAPPs, and that is why I fully welcome the Bill and will support it today.
However, I think we can do more work on this.
In responding today, I hope the Government will express their strong support and their desire to go further.
I call the shadow Minister.
This could be quite a big day for the Welsh, with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Caerphilly (Wayne David)  introducing his Bill and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Newport West (Ruth Jones)  introducing hers later, I hope.
I also hope to move from the Front Bench to the Back Benches to introduce my own Bill later in proceedings, so that is three Welsh Bills this morning.
Of course, on the Front Bench we also have my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Alyn and Deeside (Mark Tami)  from the Opposition Whips Office, so it really is a big morning for the Welsh.
My hon.
Friend the Member for Caerphilly and I came into the House together in 2001—it is hard to think that that is nearly 23 years ago.
I congratulate him on his first outing in all that time promoting a private Member’s Bill this morning.
I am glad he was successful in the ballot, as it is an important Bill.
For years, strategic lawsuits have enabled the wealthy and powerful to weaponise their wealth to sue critics into silence.
As hon.
Members have said, it is important that this House votes to put an end to these tactics that gag the press and intimidate people asking legitimate questions by threatening them with enormous legal costs—lawfare, as it has been referred to today.
I thank those who have participated in the debate: my hon.
Friends the Members for Poplar and Limehouse (Apsana Begum) and for Hammersmith (Andy Slaughter), and the hon.
Members for Heywood and Middleton (Chris Clarkson) and for West Bromwich East (Nicola Richards).
They all spoke extremely effectively in support of the Bill, but also raised appropriate questions about how it should proceed in Committee.
I am pleased that the Bill has cross-party support, and I understand the Government are in full support of it.
I can confirm that it has the support of those on the Labour Front Bench as well.
It is a step forward that the scope of protection provided for in the Bill is not limited, as is currently the case, to economic crime.
SLAPPs, often masquerading as defamation or privacy claims, are not really about seeking justice, but about imposing silence—exploiting the financial and emotional strain of proceedings to discourage individuals from exercising their right to speak on matters of public interest.
Labour has long recognised the danger posed by SLAPPs to our democratic values.
We have already committed to introducing legislation to halt the ability of Russian oligarchs and the super-wealthy such as Roman Abramovich, who has already been mentioned today, to use their wealth as a weapon against those who dare to scrutinise their actions.
The background to my hon.
Friend’s Bill is rooted in a disturbing trend of legal harassment.
From aggressive pre-action letters to the targeting of vulnerable financial defendants, SLAPPs undermine the foundations of accountability and freedom of speech.
The enormous legal costs threatened by SLAPPs serve not justice, but the suppression of truth.
The Bill is not merely a response to a growing trend of legal harassment, but a declaration of our values as a society that cherishes free speech and the rule of law.