Ian Jones, who runs the facility, is always looking for people to go and see what brilliant things they are doing, such as radio astronomy, supported by cryogenically cooled 30-metre antennas.
It is a part of the global space communications network.
On our ambitions, we hope that by 2030 Cornwall and the Isles of Scilly will be a leader in the national space programme, exploiting the physical, digital and intellectual assets of the area, and using satellite data to overcome local and global challenges, such as the impact of climate change, which we have heard about.
By 2030, data, space and aerospace will have contributed an additional £1 billion to the economic value of Cornwall and the Isles and Scilly through increased productivity and jobs turnover, creating twice the average gross value added per capita of £45,000 or more.
To facilitate those strategic ambitions, we have identified local and national strategic leads to support us in maintaining awareness of the priorities.
That is vital following the aftermath of what happened at Newquay.
As I say, this is still very much part of Cornwall and the Isles of Scilly LEP’s priorities.
It is interlinked with all the other industries we are trying to promote in Cornwall, such as renewables and the resurgence of critical minerals.
Critical minerals will need to come out of the ground in Cornwall to ensure that we have all these satellites.
As I mentioned earlier, 150 companies are doing all sorts of amazing things.
Satellites that are only the size of a Ford Fiesta can now be built and go up into space.
We were going to launch a satellite—hopefully this is still a reality—that takes a deep-dive look from space at Cornwall’s landscape and at what we are and are not doing.
For example, we have slightly different graded agricultural land.
Grade 3b land, which is vulnerable to proposals for solar farms, is actually the most fertile land we have in Cornwall.
We are learning all that because of satellites.
I could go on and on.
The change my hon.
Friend the Member for Woking is introducing today may look like a small change, but it is huge.
It will bring clarity to all the companies in the City of London that my hon.
Friend the Member for Wyre Forest talked about, and to every single company I have mentioned and more, to ensure that there is a level playing field for everybody, that everything is clear and that they can continue to build and build and build.
This is a very exciting future for our country and for Cornwall.
I thank my hon.
Friend the Member for Woking for introducing the Bill.
It is a pleasure to follow my hon.
Friend  the Member for Truro and Falmouth (Cherilyn Mackrory) .
There are few more intrepid voyagers in this particular enterprise, defiant in the face of adversity but also on a voyage of discovery.
She made an excellent speech and picked up on what the Bill is really about.
My hon.
Friend rightly identified that this not just about putting big shiny things on rockets and firing them into the sky; it is about unlocking other important bits of the economy.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Wyre Forest (Mark Garnier)  also made that point incredibly eloquently.
We can go back to Adam Smith and see the cosmic threads, if you will.
We are opening up new sectors for the UK economy and empowering our people.
I am delighted by the idea of space lawyers.
I promised not to go around waving my LLB about, but that sounds awfully like the superhero name I would end up giving myself.
I am really excited about this.
I am a member of the Science, Innovation and Technology Committee, so I was very pleased to hear my hon.
Friend  the Member for Woking (Mr Lord)  mention our report.