This is an opportune time to build on what we have done so far, and to make it more comprehensive.
As he outlined so well, the Government have found that the scourge of SLAPPs is unfortunately spreading into new areas, such as sexual harassment, clinical negligence and landlord and tenant disputes.
The purpose of this Bill is to tackle such behaviour.
If the behaviour looks like a duck and quacks like a duck, it’s a SLAPP. [
Interruption.]
Sorry, that is rather clumsy English.
I am sure Hansard will correct me.
This Bill is a major step forward, and it is time to legislate.
The majority of SLAPPs were thought to be linked to economic crime, but it is time to move on and make the definition more all-encompassing.
I will cover a couple of points raised by hon.
Members.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for West Bromwich East (Nicola Richards)  raised the Belton case again.
Information from all SLAPPs cases formed part of the call for evidence, so I can reassure her that the activities in the Belton case will be part of the foundation of this Bill.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Heywood and Middleton (Chris Clarkson)  spoke about forum shopping, which I will look at, and I am sure he will raise it in his customary fashion in Committee.
I am sure the hon.
Member for Caerphilly will urge him not to talk quite as much as he promises.
It is a credit to this Parliament that Members of all parties have rallied to support action on this issue and to introduce new laws to help ensure the integrity of our justice system and to support the freedoms and protections that we all cherish.
In some ways, a private Member’s Bill is the most fitting way to complete what the Government started.
I have spoken about the work we are doing with the Solicitors Regulation Authority to ensure that it tightens up its regulation, and we will continue to engage with it.
I pay tribute to the UK Anti-SLAPP Coalition, which has been an enormously effective stakeholder.
The coalition has supported the Government’s efforts, and I thank it for its consistent engagement and clarity on this issue.
The Department for Culture, Media and Sport launched the SLAPPs taskforce last September, with a remit to develop non-legislative recommendations to tackle SLAPPs.
Good progress is being made on a number of fronts, and I thank the Secretary of State for her tireless commitment.
Internationally, the UK was represented as an expert member of the Council of Europe’s Working Group on SLAPPs, which concluded its mandate in December 2023.
The draft recommendation which was produced over the course of two years will now make its way to the Committee of Ministers, and we trust that it will be eventually adopted in all 46 member states.
The Government acted last October by legislating against SLAPPs, because we must not allow our courts to be abused and our legal system manipulated.
We are therefore pleased to support the Bill, and will continue   to ensure that those who speak out against corruption, who hold the powerful to account and who guard our freedoms through their voices are protected.
Let me again thank the hon.
Member for Caerphilly for promoting the Bill.
I also thank the officials at the Ministry of Justice for providing all the necessary support as we move forward.
With the leave of the House, I am very pleased that we have had such a good debate.
It is laudable that so many Members in all parts of the House have taken the time to attend and to make such excellent contributions.
I also pay tribute to people and organisations outside the House, notably the UK Anti-SLAPP Coalition.
It has worked tirelessly on this issue for some time, and its input has been of tremendous value.