A similar intervention can be made to support not just the space industry but our world-class wholesale financial markets.
It is important that the City of London does not just think about what it does today and whether it does markets well; it should be completely innovating the whole time to seek opportunities that come in the future.
We should not think about any industry only in terms of what we can offer it; we must think about our ambitions in any sector with a view to how it can enhance wider service sectors.
In the case of financial services, investment bankers raising capital investment and insurance services securing risk cover for innovators or helping investors to find a way to maximise their opportunities in the sector, we should be thinking how a fiscal intervention might benefit all concerned.
After all, our brilliant innovators, research institutions, network of catapult accelerators and universities, and all the rest of it, already attract a great deal of international business to the UK.
That is a very good thing.
We also need to appreciate that we need the best space industry financiers in the world to come to the UK and locate their expertise right here in the City of London, and the best insurance experts and the best space lawyers.
We need to seek to achieve, in the space industry and the wider economy, the UK being the best place to come for everything needed to support space ambitions.
I believe the Government are enthusiastic about this private Member’s Bill, and I thank my hon.
Friend the Member for Woking for bringing it forward.
It is a truly innovative Bill.
The City of London, as I think I have mentioned, needs to remain relevant.
The City of London is an incredible jewel in the crown of this country.
It has had its problems, but none the less, it pays through taxation for an awful lot of hospitals, police officers and schools.
A lot of good things come out of the City of London, but it needs to be relevant the whole time for the future.
We need to be making sure, as we develop something like the space industry or AI or any of these other industries, that we help the City of London to focus and be a part of that, so that there is a symbiotic  relationship between the financial services sector and these other sectors that will benefit our economy.
I am delighted to support the Bill; it is fantastic.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend  the Member for Woking (Mr Lord)  on bringing forward this private Member’s Bill, which I rise in support of.
Following my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wyre Forest (Mark Garnier) , I will take us from the City of London, on which he made some brilliant and valid points, to the space sector—we are almost in danger of having some joined-up thinking in this place today!
One would not be surprised to see a Cornish MP rising on these Benches when we are speaking about space.
We have a lot to say in Cornwall about the space sector.
Cornwall is in fact at the forefront of the UK’s developing space economy and is playing an increasingly important role in the national space programme to ensure that as many people as possible contribute to and benefit from the economic growth.
Cornwall’s data, space and aerospace strategy ambitions include: mitigating and reversing environmental degradation; restoring nature and seeking to protect businesses and communities from the impact of climate change, both locally and globally; working with the Government to grow the UK space economy as a whole; and, growing the Cornwall and Isles of Scilly economy to deliver jobs and international investment, while offering an outstanding quality of life for its people.
Cornwall and Isles of Scilly local enterprise partnership made space one of its main priorities some time ago.