From aggressive pre-action letters to the targeting of vulnerable financial defendants, SLAPPs undermine the foundations of accountability and freedom of speech.
The enormous legal costs threatened by SLAPPs serve not justice, but the suppression of truth.
The Bill is not merely a response to a growing trend of legal harassment, but a declaration of our values as a society that cherishes free speech and the rule of law.
It broadens the scope beyond economic crimes, offering protection across all public interest discourse to ensure that no avenue is left for the misuse of our legal system to suppress legitimate scrutiny and accountability.
The legal reforms proposed by my hon.
Friend in his Bill  are both necessary and timely.
They reflect a deep understanding of the challenges posed by SLAPPs, as outlined in the evidence sessions of several parliamentary Committees.
By providing mechanisms for early dismissal and costs protection, and extending protections to all courts and tribunals, we are fortifying our defences against the abuse of legislation.
As we consider the provisions of the Bill, let us remember the individuals—and, indeed, institutions—who have been unjustly targeted by SLAPPs.
Their struggles underscore the imperative for this legislation.
I acknowledge the efforts of campaigners, including the UK Anti-SLAPP  Coalition, for their tireless work in bringing this issue to light.
We must ensure that our legal system serves justice, not the interests of those who seek to wield it as a tool of oppression.
I acknowledge the issues that have been raised about the Bill.
I am sure they will be rehearsed in Committee when we will have a deeper discussion on them.
In addition to the concerns that have been raised, we need to make sure—although I am sure it does not—that the Bill does not prevent ordinary people who wish to restrain the publication of libels and intrusions by wealthy publications from being able to do so in law.
As my father always used to say, in life we should help the weak against the strong.
I know that that is my hon.
Friend’s intention in bringing forward his Bill.
I urge all hon.
Members to support the Bill.
In doing so, we are taking a stand against the tactics that gag our press, intimidate our citizens and erode our democracy.
It is a step forward in an ongoing effort to protect freedom of expression and to ensure that those who seek to report on wrongdoing can do so without fear of retribution.
In the fight for justice and accountability, there is no room for silence.
The Bill can help to end the scourge of SLAPPs and reaffirm our dedication to the principles of democracy and freedom.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Caerphilly (Wayne David)  on bringing forward the Bill, and the numerous campaigners who have been pressing this issue for many years.
As we have heard, SLAPPs are an abuse of our courts and our laws by corrupt individuals who seek to stifle free speech and a free press—two of the linchpins of our democracy.
I cannot talk about the specific case that  the hon.
Member for Poplar and Limehouse (Apsana Begum)  raised, but I can reassure her that the Bill widens the scope beyond what is in the Economic Crime and Corporate Transparency Act 2023 and that it now talks about all kinds of behaviours.
I am more than happy to discuss the specific issues with the hon.
Member for Caerphilly, as it is his Bill, to see what we can do to ensure that we either reassure or accommodate her on the specific issues she wishes to see covered.
This issue became increasingly pressing when the Russian oligarchs and allies of Putin used this process for their own ends.
Alongside them, we saw behaviour by multinational corporations or disreputable landlords to use and abuse our processes.
SLAPPs must always be taken seriously and tackled swiftly.