I think the Bill strikes a balance.
It is not quite accurate to talk about subjectivity and objectivity, because a judge will have to make a determination on the facts that are presented and his knowledge of how the case is being conducted.
At the moment I err in favour of saying that there is a false dichotomy, but it is something that should be considered further in Committee.
I join in concordance with  the hon.
Member for Caerphilly (Wayne David) .
This is an excellent piece of legislation and I am very broadly in support of it.
I just wanted to respond to the comment from  the hon.
Member for Tiverton and Honiton (Richard Foord) .
Subjectivity is actually a fundamental part of our legal system already: we talk often of the man on the Clapham omnibus.
It is the reasonableness test, so I do not think there is anything in the Bill that is out of scope or inappropriate.
I am inclined to agree with that comment, as my Bill suggests, but it is something that needs to have more airing and more consideration.
Detailed consideration in Committee would be an appropriate place for that to happen.
As others have said many times, most SLAPP-related activity takes place below the radar before a formal court case and court claim is issued.
There are a number of reasons why SLAPPs are so bad, and why SLAPPs claimants are so successful in their warped objective of perpetrating them.
Commonly, the comparatively modest means of a defendant are leveraged against them to encourage retraction or the abandonment of the important research that would shine a light on questionable behaviour.
Bullying tactics can include huge threatened litigation  costs and damages, and all of the unbearable consequences such as bankruptcy and loss of homes and livelihoods, as well as the emotional distress that entails.
All of that can cause huge hardship and psychological pressure.
Sadly, many people are not able to withstand all of that.
So many of the cases are like David and Goliath, but if David had no slingshot.
I should be clear about why the unfairness of a legal system that allows all of that has to be challenged and changed.
That is why I am bringing forward the Bill today.
We must eradicate the harms caused by that kind of aggressive litigation.
We must protect publishers, authors and advocates from spurious claims and empower them to forge ahead with publishing legitimate stories.
Grounded, well-researched investigative reporting must be protected, not reined in for fear of colossal legal costs.
We must do our utmost to protect and empower ordinary people, and give them the confidence to use the legal system of this country to ensure fairness in the public interest.
Of course, protecting journalists or anyone else cannot be at the expense of denying claimants their rights of access to justice.
But at present, the fact that claimants can wrongly exploit the justice system to obfuscate the transparency that is essential in a healthy democracy means that an important balance must be struck.
As things stand, that is clearly not the case, and that is why I call for urgent reform today.
Robust action to counter SLAPPs in all their forms is needed and it is needed now.
I have sought to work alongside the Government to ensure that the approach underpinning the Economic Crime and Corporate Transparency Act—which was positively received across civil society, media and the legal professions, including the regulators—remains largely intact in the Bill as it achieves what is necessary.
The Bill will therefore keep, for the most part, the definition of a SLAPP claim in the Economic Crime and Corporate Transparency Act, but it will also broaden the scope and capture all SLAPPs in future.
In future, any SLAPPs cases in which speaking out is in the public interest, including for publications on economic crime, will be caught.