There is evidence that the number of SLAPPs is increasing year on year.
There were 11 cases in the UK in 2020, 25 in 2021 and 29 in 2022.
Such worrying and abusive conduct, whereby those with deep pockets attempt to financially bully dissenting voices, is unacceptable  in our democracy.
The courts must not be a pawn in these underhand attempts to cover up corruption and wrongdoing.
SLAPPs are a modern-day struggle between David and Goliath: we have individual journalists, academics and authors up against extremely wealthy individuals and corporates with unlimited resources on their side.
We cannot let this type of intimidation and harassment stand.
It is right that wrongdoing and dubious deals are laid bare for the world to see, and those who expose such behaviour should not be afraid of the repercussions  of doing so.
That is why the Government listened  and introduced the Economic Crime and Corporate Transparency Act 2023 to tackle SLAPP claims connected to financial misdeeds.
That Act meant we were the first country in the world to legislate against SLAPPs at a national level.
Although we can argue over whether it was overdue, we were certainly the first to do it, and we ought to take pride in the fact that this legislature acted faster than most.
The Act gave cover to only a small part of the SLAPPs regime, and it targeted only one part of economic crime, which is why this private Member’s Bill seeks to address the gaps.
It will make sure that the definition of SLAPPs is more comprehensive.
The hon.
Member for Tiverton and Honiton (Richard Foord)  raised the issue of behaviour in the test of objectivity and subjectivity.
The issue of subjectivity is not unusual, and the court will consider all evidence before it comes to an assessment, including an explanation from the claimant as to why their claim is reasonable.
The courts are, of course, well versed in taking that information into account.
The test of subjectivity or intent is not unusual, and it is well established in our court system.
Clause 2 gives specific examples of SLAPPs-type behaviour.
I believe there is a careful balance between the standard practice of intent and tightening things up to give objective guidance to the judiciary on what constitutes SLAPPs-type behaviour.
The Bill follows the Economic Crime and Corporate Transparency Act in establishing a cost-protection regime that limits legal costs in SLAPPs claims, protecting defendants from the obscene costs run up by claimants to increase the intimidatory effect of their claim.
This will also help to address the glaring inequality of arms between the parties in these cases.
Of course, one of the big steps forward is the ability to secure early dismissal so that these cases do not rumble on and rack up fees, particularly for defendants.
The ability to strike out cases at an early stage is a big part of the cost-protection armoury.
Our reforms also have to ensure a balance between defending people from SLAPPs-type behaviour and protecting access to justice, which is a fundamental part of our system.
It is for the courts and the judiciary to determine whether a case is a SLAPP and whether it has merit.
We have acted to remove the level of fear and risk that these cases can engender.
The Government are glad to welcome and support this Bill, which builds on the important progress already made.
I thank the hon.
Member for Caerphilly for seizing the moment to introduce a private Member’s Bill.
This is an opportune time to build on what we have done so far, and to make it more comprehensive.
As he outlined so well, the Government have found that the scourge of SLAPPs is unfortunately spreading into new areas, such as sexual harassment, clinical negligence and landlord and tenant disputes.
The purpose of this Bill is to tackle such behaviour.