I am very pleased to hear that she thinks food has been delivered—we will follow up on that point directly after this urgent question.
The hon.
Lady talked about the protection of civilians; the British Government make absolutely clear that international humanitarian law must be abided by.
She also mentioned humanitarian aid; we understand that yesterday 191 trucks entered the Gaza strip, 127 through Rafah and 64 through Kerem Shalom, which is a new  avenue that we very much welcome.
Finally, on the point she made about the United Nations, we are working with partners on a resolution, and I expect there will be a vote at 3 pm today, UK time.
That is what we are working towards, and while the position is not yet clear, we are hoping to support that resolution.
While walking to Parliament yesterday, I politely challenged a driver who had selfishly parked his car in the bus lane leading on to Chelsea bridge so that he could buy a coffee at the nearby kiosk.
When I suggested he move it given the traffic chaos it was causing, he blankly refused, began swearing at me, threatened to throw my phone in the river if I took a photo of him, and then called me a racist and a Zionist.
Sadly, that illustrates how hate and intolerance here in the UK are being fuelled by events in the middle east.
This conflict is now in its third month, with no end in sight, no clarity from Israel as to how long the occupation will last, and the death toll is mounting.
Does the Minister agree that without concerted international intervention, the conflict will escalate?
I am appalled to hear about the way in which my right hon.
Friend was treated on his way into the House of Commons.
We are stressing the importance of a more surgical approach by the Israeli Defence Forces and are working towards a more sustainable cessation of hostilities.
We recognise that there are too many casualties, and we are pressing forward on what is the policy of both the Government and the Opposition: more extensive humanitarian pauses, so that aid can get into Gaza.
I call the shadow Foreign Secretary.
I am grateful to  the hon.
Member for Oxford West and Abingdon (Layla Moran)  for securing this very important urgent question.
May I say how deeply sorry I am to hear of the terrifying experience facing her family in Gaza?
I am sure the whole House is with her and her relatives at what must be an incredibly difficult time.
The reports from the Holy Family Catholic church are shocking: an innocent mother and daughter killed in the grounds of a church, with others too scared to leave and now running out of food.
Once again in this conflict, a place of sanctuary and peace has become a scene of fear and death.
It is one example of the ongoing humanitarian catastrophe confronting civilians across Gaza, and a reminder of the urgent imperative to address this crisis and help bring about the conditions for a sustainable ceasefire.
It comes at a moment of growing concern that this conflict could escalate, with Hezbollah in the north, more violence in the west bank, and Houthi threats in the Red sea.
We support efforts to maintain regional security, and Labour welcomes the UK’s participation in the new maritime security effort.
We thank our armed forces personnel for their service and professionalism.
Today, the United Nations Security Council is voting once again on a resolution.
This is a crucial chance to address the urgent and catastrophic situation in Gaza.
Let me be clear: Labour wants a resolution to pass, one that can protect civilian lives, that demands that hostages are released, and that can act as a stepping stone towards a sustainable ceasefire and provide renewed  impetus towards a two-state solution.