He is right that we are not calling for a ceasefire and hoping that somehow it becomes more permanent.
What we are doing is calling for a sustainable ceasefire that allows us to move towards the political track, which will then deliver what he is calling for.
I thank  the hon.
Member for Oxford West and Abingdon (Layla Moran) .
As we all get ready to celebrate Christmas with our families, she will be thinking desperately about her family, and I think about all the families who will not be together this Christmas.
Pauses are not enough to allow the rehabilitation of vital infrastructure.
Due to repeated shutdowns of communications and internet services, Gaza is now in danger of becoming an information vacuum.
Transparency is absolutely essential for holding military forces to account and preventing further humanitarian atrocities.
Will the Minister please update the House on how  the UK is working to ensure that the power and communications infrastructure is restored, so that we can get help and clarity for those in desperate need?
We are working to get to that point, but we are not there at the moment.
We need to do everything we can to reconnect vital infrastructure that has been destroyed.
It is not just about people suffering the effects of kinetic activity; it is also about the effect of the lack of food and growing disease.
The hon.
Lady may rest assured that, in respect of the infrastructure to which she refers, we will do everything we can when we get the opportunity.
I would like to be able to welcome the incremental move in the Foreign Secretary’s joint statement at the weekend, but given the desperate events in Gaza and the position of the vast majority of the rest of the world, these are just weasel words.
The Government and those on the Labour Front Bench were rightly quick to condemn the heinous war crimes committed against civilians in Ukraine and by Hamas on  7 October .
The Minister has repeatedly said that Israel needs to abide by international law, but he knows that Israel is not doing so.
Is the cold-blooded killing of two civilian women seeking sanctuary in a church a war crime—yes or no?
In order to give an answer to the hon.
Gentleman’s question, I need to know the full facts, and I very much hope that the full facts will become available before too long.