We hope to update the House in due course.
What steps his Department is taking to help increase the level of business investment.
In the autumn statement, the Chancellor announced an ambitious growth package that will boost business investment by making full expensing permanent, by removing barriers to business investment, by reforming our inefficient planning system, by speeding up electricity grid connection times and by making £4.5 billion available for strategic manufacturing sectors over the next five years, among other measures.
I thank the Minister for that response.
It is very welcome to see full expensing, which will help businesses to invest in the plant and machinery and the technology that are needed.
It would also help the ceramics sector, in particular, if it were exempted from the emissions trading scheme.
Will my hon.
Friend speak to the Chancellor about the possibility of exempting the ceramics sector from the ETS, which would help to give the sector the breathing space to invest in productivity and energy efficiency gains?
I can think of few greater champions for Stoke’s ceramics sector than my hon.
Friend.
We recognise that carbon leakage is a significant risk for the ceramics sector, so I can offer him two pieces of information.
First, we provide free allowances to the ceramics sector under the ETS.
Secondly, just yesterday we announced that ceramics will be included in the UK’s carbon border adjustment mechanism.
If he will make an estimate of the potential impact of a carbon border adjustment mechanism in the form recommended by the Commission for Carbon Competitiveness on fuel duty.
The Government have announced that they will implement a CBAM from January 2027.
The UK CBAM will place a carbon price on some of the most emissions-intensive industrial goods imported to the UK and will ensure that the UK’s decarbonisation efforts lead to a true reduction in global emissions, rather than simply displacing carbon emissions overseas.
The delivery of a CBAM will be the subject of further consultation in 2024.
I congratulate the Minister.
A CBAM is the cheapest and most future-proof way to save the planet and UK manufacturing jobs at the same time, but some of the details look troubling.
Why have some manufacturing industries been left out entirely?
Why are others arriving late, so they will be vulnerable to dumping?
And how will he ensure that this is not just a tax and price rise for already hard-pressed families and businesses?
I recognise and thank my hon.
Friend for his work as chair of the Commission for Carbon Competitiveness.
I will directly address his two main questions.
On speed, implementation by 2027, at the latest, will allow the Government to engage with businesses to ensure that they are well prepared, but next year’s consultation will provide more information on timings.
We have identified eight sectors that have the greatest exposure to carbon leakage, from both a trade and an emissions perspective.
What progress he has made on the introduction of investment zones.
Since the spring Budget, the Government have announced seven of the eight English investment zones and confirmed the location of four places eligible to   host investment zones in Scotland and Wales.
The Government are committed to ensuring that funding and tax sites go live in the 2024-25 financial year.
I welcome the investment zone in Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire.
Will the Minister confirm that some of the benefits of these zones are not only available in the small number of large sites but are available to any business across the whole zone to apply for?
My hon.
Friend is right to recognise the east midlands investment zone, which will bring significant benefits across the region in the advanced manufacturing and green industry sectors.
I am pleased to tell him that it started with a £9.3 million anchor investment and, over time, will leverage some £323 million in private investment, supporting 4,000 jobs overall.
What steps he is taking to reduce inflation.