How many more breaches of international humanitarian law will it take for this Government to find the moral courage to say, “This has to stop, and it has to stop now”?
I do not think this is an issue of moral courage.
The Government, with the support of those on the Opposition Front Bench, are doing what we believe to be right.
We have been very clear that Israel has a right to defend itself, but it must do more to diminish and minimise the number of civilian casualties.
On the point the hon.
Member made about the United Nations resolution, which we hope will be passed this afternoon, as I have said, skilled British diplomats in New York are engaged in talking throughout the United Nations to try to make sure that that resolution lands in the way both he and I want.
I welcome the calls from the Foreign Secretary for a sustainable ceasefire, and I welcome my right hon.
Friend’s words from the Dispatch Box today.
Over the weekend, the Foreign Secretary received two letters, one from 10 Back Benchers on this side of the House and another from a group of foreign policy experts, calling for a permanent ceasefire.
The last truce resulted in over 80 hostages being released and hundreds of lives being saved.
Does my right hon.
Friend accept that a permanent ceasefire would reap similar results?
It is true that the Foreign Secretary received a letter over the weekend, signed by 10 colleagues, which states:
“It is widely accepted across the world that lasting security for Israel, peace for the Palestinians, an end to the killing, and the defeat of Hamas, can only be achieved through politics and diplomacy and the establishment of two states.”
That is very much the view of the Government as well.
The Minster has clearly seen the communiqué from the Latin Patriarch of Jerusalem, pointing out the atrocities committed in the grounds of the Holy Family church, with two people murdered and at least seven wounded.
That shows a shocking lack of fire control discipline by the Israeli forces.
Will the Minister raise with the Israeli forces my grave concerns, and those of many colleagues across the House, that that is not acceptable?
There is no need for me to raise it with the Israeli forces, because they are themselves conducting an inquiry into the matter.
At Gaza’s Kamal Adwan Hospital last weekend, approximately 80 Hamas fighters were arrested, some of whom took part in the  7 October  massacres.
Weaponry, Hamas intelligence, and military and technological equipment were recovered, and reports suggest that hospital staff directed the Israel Defence Forces to weapons that Hamas had stored inside incubators for premature babies.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in condemning Hamas for those appalling war crimes, and does he agree that that incident underlines Hamas’s disregard for civilian human life in Gaza?
My hon.
Friend is right to point to those reports.
As I mentioned earlier, there have been reports of weapons found in incubators, in particular in Kamal Adwan Hospital.
I am sure that every Member of this House condemns without qualification the appalling events perpetrated by Hamas, starting on  7 October .
Does the Minister agree with Cardinal Vincent Nichols’s version of events that took place in the compound of the Holy Family church?
The right hon.
Lady will understand that I am not in a position to make that judgment, but I have heard with great respect what the Cardinal Archbishop of Westminster has said.
All of us were deeply sympathetic to the plight of our Jewish brothers after the October pogrom, and most of us accepted the argument that an immediate ceasefire would have played into the hands of Hamas, but I think on these Benches the mood is changing.
Frankly, what Israel is doing is totally unacceptable.
This is indiscriminate bombing of vast civilian populations.