It is worth saying that I used to be on the advisory board of that institute.
The Government and the FCA will continue to work closely to ensure that consumer protections are fit for purpose, including through our upcoming reform of the Consumer Credit Act 1974.
A constituent who was a victim of domestic abuse and whose ex-husband fraudulently took out a loan in her name was constantly harassed by creditors as she tried to clear the debt, and, according to a recent report by the organisation that the Minister  mentioned, that is an experience shared by others.
Will Ministers discuss with the FCA imposing legal limits on arrears communications in cases such as this, as other countries have done?
Let me say two things.
First, I pay tribute to the former Financial Secretary, now the Health Secretary—my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Louth and Horncastle (Victoria Atkins) —who did a great deal of work in relation to economic abuse.
I am committed to continuing that work with the Treasury to ensure that we limit the circumstances in which the incidents described by the hon.
Lady can occur.
As for the broader question of what the regulator does in such cases, we have put a record level of funding, to the tune of some £93 million, into working with regulators on debt advice.
I shall be happy to discuss with the hon.
Lady the details of how we can help her constituents in the way that she suggested.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential impact of changes in mortgage interest rates over the course of this Parliament on household income.
As the hon.
Lady knows, the path to lower interest rates is through low inflation, and the independent Bank of England has the Government’s full support as it takes action to return inflation to target.
The Government’s mortgage charter, brokered by my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor earlier in the year, is available to 90% of borrowers.
Real disposable income per person is about £800 higher than the Office for Budget Responsibility predicted in its March forecast.
The expiry of 1.5 million fixed-rate mortgage deals next year will mean even more people paying sky high-costs.
It comes at a time when many are suffering increased financial hardship and personal debt, which is having an impact on their mental and physical health.
Does the Minister think it fair that families are paying hundreds of pounds more each month to cover the costs of the Government’s mini-Budget disaster?
Mortgage costs and interest rates have gone up throughout the world, and we are in more or less the middle of the pack—they are higher in the United States, for example—but what will definitely make things harder for the hon.
Lady’s constituents, and indeed all our constituents, is borrowing an extra £28 billion that will only serve to increase inflation and keep rates higher for longer.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential impact of the OBR’s growth forecasts on living standards.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential impact of the OBR’s growth forecasts on living standards.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential impact of the OBR’s growth forecasts on living standards.
The OBR revised up its growth figures after data revisions by the Office for National Statistics indicated the economy had recovered more fully from the pandemic than had been expected, which means that the current level of real GDP is nearly 3% higher than was predicted in March forecasts.
The Government put a positive spin on the provisional local government finance settlement yesterday, but the Local Government Association said that it did not provide enough funding to meet the severe cost and demand pressures on councils, and assumed that all councils would increase their tax bills by the maximum allowed next year.
What will that do for my constituents’ living standards?
As the hon.