They must be released immediately and returned to their families.
To achieve long-term peace in the middle east, a viable two-state solution is needed.
Leaving Hamas in power in Gaza would be a permanent roadblock on the path to that; no one can be expected to live alongside a terrorist organisation committed to their destruction and dedicated to repeating those attacks.
I am extremely grateful to you, Mr Speaker, for granting the urgent question, and I thank the Minister for his response.
Let me begin by pointing Members towards my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests—I am an unpaid adviser to International Centre of Justice for Palestinians.
I have spoken before in the House about my extended family who are in the Holy Family parish church in Zeitoun, Gaza.
The situation has been desperate for weeks but is now descending further.
There are tanks outside the gates, and soldiers and snipers pointing into the complex and shooting at anyone who ventures out, and the convent was bombed.
On Saturday, two women were shot.
They were simply trying to get to the toilet.
There is no electricity or clean water, and the update that I had last night was that they were down to their last can of corn.
I am told that, after pressure, food has been delivered, but they have not seen it.
When this began a week ago, the Israel Defence Forces soldiers ordered those civilians to evacuate against their will.
Can the Government confirm that they see the forcible displacement of civilians as unacceptable?
The people in the church are civilians.
They have nothing to do with Hamas.
They are nuns, orphans and disabled people; they are a small Christian community and they know everyone.
As the Pope has said, and as my family can confirm, it is categorically untrue to say that Hamas are operating from there.
The situation has been condemned by many.
Will the Government condemn it?
It is important to stress that the suffering is not confined to just that church.
Just last week, we saw the utterly tragic deaths of three Israeli hostages.
Others are reported to have been murdered by Hamas, and 100 are still in captivity.
That is also unacceptable.
Seventy-three days on in this conflict, the death toll is only rising.
It is time for the international community to say that this violence is now making peace harder, not easier.
The UK Government talk now of a sustainable ceasefire, and although I and the Liberal Democrats welcome the change in tone, it is unclear whether that is in fact a change in position.
Will the Government demand an immediate bilateral ceasefire?
Will they change how they vote at the UN Security Council as a result?
When will the Prime Minister accept that the only route to peace is political, not military—that there is one way to get rid of Hamas and end the humanitarian catastrophe, and it is not this?
When will the United Kingdom fulfil its historical obligations to the region and recognise Palestine as a first step towards delivering the two states, which is the only way to guarantee security and dignity for Israelis and Palestinians?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her comments.
I understand how deeply distressing this is for her, with her family caught up in the Holy Family church complex.
As I said in my response, I am grateful to her for the harrowing update she was able to give me direct from the Holy Family church.
I am very pleased to hear that she thinks food has been delivered—we will follow up on that point directly after this urgent question.
The hon.
Lady talked about the protection of civilians; the British Government make absolutely clear that international humanitarian law must be abided by.