Today, the United Nations Security Council is voting once again on a resolution.
This is a crucial chance to address the urgent and catastrophic situation in Gaza.
Let me be clear: Labour wants a resolution to pass, one that can protect civilian lives, that demands that hostages are released, and that can act as a stepping stone towards a sustainable ceasefire and provide renewed  impetus towards a two-state solution.
The time has come for the United Kingdom to support our international allies at this critical moment.
I thank the shadow Foreign Secretary for his comments.
We are, as he knows, very committed to trying to make sure that there is no escalation.
I thank him for his welcome for the US-led work to secure maritime security, and I also thank him for his comments, particularly at this time of year, about our armed forces.
I have already commented on the UN Security Council resolution, which I hope will be voted on this afternoon; like him, I hope that agreement can be reached.
On the issue of the humanitarian catastrophe to which the shadow Foreign Secretary referred, I can tell him that there is some movement this week.
There are 50 World Food Programme trucks ready at Allenby bridge to travel through Israel to Kerem Shalom, and if signed off, that will provide a new route through to Gaza.
We have made available some money to the World Food Programme—it is available today—to enhance that route if it opens.
All of us abhor the loss of innocent civilian life in Israel and Gaza, but talk of a “sustainable ceasefire” is unhelpful.
All it does is give succour to Israel’s enemies at the time of its greatest need.
This is a country that fell to its knees just a few weeks ago and suffered the worst tragedy since the holocaust.
Now it is trying to eliminate Hamas and to free the hostages, some of whom are British citizens.
Let it finish the job, let it protect Israeli security, and in doing so, let Israel protect our security as well.
While it is true that weapons have been discovered in incubators in a hospital in Gaza, nevertheless I do not agree with my right hon.
Friend.
We are working towards a sustainable ceasefire.
We are not there yet, but we should all of us be working towards that.
In the meanwhile, on the pathway to a sustainable ceasefire, we need urgently to get these humanitarian pauses so that humanitarian relief can enter Gaza.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
I, too, send my very best wishes to the family of  the hon.
Member for Oxford West and Abingdon (Layla Moran) .
As we know, later today the Government’s call for a sustainable ceasefire will be tested at the UN Security Council.
If the Government again decide to abdicate their responsibility to humanity and abstain, they will be giving Netanyahu the political cover he needs to prosecute a war in which tens of thousands have already been killed and in which, at the weekend, according to the Latin Patriarch of Jerusalem,
“a sniper of the IDF murdered two women inside the Holy Family Parish in Gaza.”
If the UK is unable to support a ceasefire now, when will it?
What has to happen before this Government say enough is enough, and that the indiscriminate killing of innocents, the blanket bombing of civilian infrastructure and the killing of journalists has to stop now?
How many more breaches of international humanitarian law will it take for this Government to find the moral courage to say, “This has to stop, and it has to stop now”?
I do not think this is an issue of moral courage.
The Government, with the support of those on the Opposition Front Bench, are doing what we believe to be right.