Throughout the pandemic, people across the country made extraordinary and heart-wrenching sacrifices, yet as they did so, a small minority were instead making millions of pounds by ripping off the taxpayer.
With conflicts of interest, defective goods and exorbitant profit margins, it has been greedy and grubby and this Conservative Government have enabled it all.
As taxpayers, we want our money back, so Labour will create a covid corruption commissioner to chase down every pound we can.
Does the Minister have any idea just how angry people are that our country has been taken for a ride?
The hypocrisy is absolutely astonishing.
During the pandemic the shadow Chancellor wrote that the strategy of turning to big-name UK manufacturers was not delivering the supply that was needed.
Yes, we procured things very fast—we needed to do that to get things to the frontline—and we are trying to get back every single penny that was lost to fraud, but we make no apology for doing whatever we could to get PPE to the frontline as quickly as possible.
The Minister’s response really does not reflect the seriousness of the situation.
This is not just one bad apple; this is a rotten culture that goes to the very top, with £8.7 billion lost on wasted PPE and £7.2 billion lost to covid fraud.
That is £15.9 billion of public money gone at a time when people and public services are struggling.
Can the Minister remind the House who was Chancellor at the time that all of this was signed off?
I do not know what more I can add to my last answer.
This was done very quickly, at pace, because we were desperate to get PPE to the frontline as quickly as possible.
We have set up initiatives to recoup money from fraudulent activity including the Public Sector Fraud Authority, which has already saved taxpayers £311 million in the first year of operation.
If he will make mandatory the recommendations on reporting of the taskforce on nature-related financial disclosures.
This Government have been one of the largest donors to the global market-led taskforce on nature-related financial disclosures—TNFD—initiative.
We will consider how best the TNFD’s recommendations should be incorporated into policy and legislative architecture in a manner that is coherent with global sustainability reporting.
Merry Christmas to you, Mr Speaker, and to the officers, Clerks and staff of the House.
I am encouraged by my hon.
Friend’s answer.
It was a year ago today that the global biodiversity framework was agreed in Montreal, and it was absolutely necessary to restore biodiversity loss.
The TNFD initiative was launched by the UK G7 presidency in 2021 and it featured in the green finance strategy that my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor and I did the ministerial foreword to earlier this year.
He will be aware of the recommendations that were launched in September.
I am conscious that there was a lot of support from the Treasury previously and that we should try to accelerate the International Sustainability Standards Board standards so that we can bring in this initiative just as successfully as we have done for the TCFD—the taskforce on climate-related financial disclosures.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for her question.
She mentions the Treasury’s green finance strategy, which contains plans to bring forward the sustainability disclosure requirements, building on the global commitments.
We have already implemented the climate-related financial disclosures, and we are looking very carefully at the nature-related financial disclosures.
We hope to update the House in due course.
What steps his Department is taking to help increase the level of business investment.
In the autumn statement, the Chancellor announced an ambitious growth package that will boost business investment by making full expensing permanent, by removing barriers to business investment, by reforming our inefficient planning system, by speeding up electricity grid connection times and by making £4.5 billion available for strategic manufacturing sectors over the next five years, among other measures.