Despite diplomatic efforts, the international Red Cross has still not been given access to them.
All we see is videos coming out.
At the same time, the Hamas leadership is meeting in Turkey with other terrorist groups planning what they will do next.
Irrespective of what the United Nations says, calling for a ceasefire just enables Hamas to regroup and set about their evil doings once again.
My hon.
Friend makes a very good point.
That is why it is the policy of the Government and, as I understand it, the Opposition not to call for an immediate ceasefire.
Hamas have made it clear that they will not respect or accept a ceasefire.
Indeed, they want to repeat what happened on  7 October .
Israel has an absolute right of self-defence to go after the people who perpetrated those terrible events on  7 October .
Human Rights Watch has warned that the Israeli Government are using the starvation of civilians as a method of warfare in Gaza.
Let us be clear, that is a war crime.
Amnesty  has similarly warned of war crimes, as has the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights.
Surely the Government should not be standing by while Israel commits war crimes, but should be calling for an immediate ceasefire that could swiftly help prevent further such crimes.
Does the failure to do so not risk complicity in those war crimes?
The Government have heard the words of President Herzog that Israel will respect international humanitarian law, and the Government expect Israel to abide by the words of the President.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Harrow East (Bob Blackman)  referred to a meeting of Hamas officials, including its deputy chairman and former leader, in Turkey recently, where Hamas set out their intent to carry on their brutal acts further to the  7 October  massacre.
What assessment has my right hon.
Friend the Minister made of Turkey’s role in facilitating Hamas’s continuing war crimes, and how will he pursue accountability for supposed NATO allies and strategic partners?
The Government make it clear to all countries where we stand on this.
We do not think that a ceasefire at this time is possible or practical.
We are seeking humanitarian pauses that are as long as possible to get aid in.
We are in favour, when it is conceivably possible, of a sustainable ceasefire, and we hope that time will come as soon as possible.
Is the real reason why there are so many civilian casualties in Gaza not that Hamas have cruelly, deliberately and wilfully used the civilian population as cover, whether by operating from hospitals, firing from schools, storing weapons in people’s houses or hiding among the civilian population?
Is that not the reason why we must not allow this terrorist group to continue to have a base from which to try to eliminate Israel, and why a ceasefire at present would stop the Israeli military fulfilling its obligation to protect its people in the long run by eliminating Hamas?
The right hon.
Gentleman makes a very good point.
While Israel uses its military forces to defend its civilian population, Hamas use their civilian population to defend Hamas.
Last week’s comments from the Israeli ambassador, which effectively ruled out a two-state solution, serve as further evidence of the difference that exists between our aspirations for the region and those of both the Israeli Government and, of course, Hamas.
Given the chasm that exists between those conflicting objectives, is it not time to urgently press for a permanent ceasefire to enable the diplomatic measures necessary to bring about consensus on a lasting peace?
In respect of the comments made by the Israeli ambassador to the UK, the hon.
Gentleman will have seen the response of the British Government and, in particular, the response of the Foreign Secretary.
On the second part of the hon.