We are very careful to ensure that the British taxpayers’ money we spend to support UNRWA is spent in the right way.
We have significantly increased our support to UNRWA and the Americans have re-engaged in supporting UNRWA.
Given the release of the latest Hamas video of three elderly male civilian hostages, does the Minister agree that in all the distress being experienced about events in Gaza, it is important that these innocent hostages do not become the forgotten element of the conflict?
Will the Government continue to do all they can to ensure that their safe release is part of any negotiations designed to bring an end to the violence?
I can give the hon.
Gentleman those assurances.
He will understand why it is unhelpful across the Floor of the House to discuss the details of the negotiations in respect of the hostages, but he may rest assured that we are acting in precisely the way he has set out.
There are horrific accounts of sexual violence being perpetrated against hostages in this conflict, including the gang rape of women and genital mutilation.
Will the Government stand firmly with the survivors of sexual violence, which should never be used as a tool of conflict, and do all possible to strengthen their access to justice?
My hon.
Friend will know that this Government have made a particular and important intervention to try to stop gender-based violence, and in particular the use of sexual crimes in warfare.
I can tell her that her view is well heard and well respected, and we will continue to do just that.
Can the Minister assure the House that should a vote on a ceasefire be brought forward today at the UN Security Council, the Government will  not abdicate their responsibility to innocent children, women and men, and will vote for that ceasefire and not abstain?
I can reassure the hon.
Gentleman that the Government certainly will not abdicate our responsibility, but how the Government exercise our vote on the Security Council will depend on the text that is agreed.
The entire Bibas family, including 11-month-old Kfir Bibas, were kidnapped on  7 October .
Does the Minister agree that preconditions for a ceasefire must include both the military defeat of Hamas and the return of all the hostages?
Yes.
The challenge in securing a sustainable ceasefire—many of us have been calling for a ceasefire for some time—is not just the immediate military concerns, but the allegations of war crimes.
Just in the past week alone, the Minister will have seen Houthi forces attacking shipping in the Red sea.
He will have seen the situation outlined so powerfully by our colleague,  the hon.
Member for Oxford West and Abingdon (Layla Moran) , in the Holy Family church.
On  11 December , when I asked the Minister about this issue, he told the House that the Government were continuing
“to identify and look for mechanisms for ensuring that there can be no impunity”—[Official Report,  11 December 2023 ; Vol.
742, c. 618-19.]
for anybody who commits a war crime.
Can he update us on whether he has identified such a mechanism and what that might be?
The words I used were absolutely precise.
The Government have no tolerance of impunity for those who commit war crimes.
There are legal mechanisms and other mechanisms that are available and that we see every day in our papers, and the Government of course support those processes to ensure that there is not impunity for war crimes.
One hundred and twenty-nine hostages are still in captivity at the hands of the terrorist group Hamas.
Despite diplomatic efforts, the international Red Cross has still not been given access to them.
All we see is videos coming out.
At the same time, the Hamas leadership is meeting in Turkey with other terrorist groups planning what they will do next.