With almost 20,000 deaths in Gaza, my constituents in Bolton are asking, “When is ‘enough’ enough?”
With 153 countries voting for a ceasefire, when is a “sustainable ceasefire” a ceasefire that happens now?
Members of Noorul Islam mosque in Bolton recently visited Egypt to try to get aid across the border into Gaza.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss ways that we can work with the Egyptian Government and other partners to ensure that aid can get from Bolton into Gaza?
I thank my hon.
Friend for what he has said today, and for the information and work from his community in Bolton that he is making available to the Foreign Office.
Of course I shall be pleased to see him at a mutually convenient time.
Last week I attended a briefing with Professor Ghassan Abu Sitta, a heroic British Palestinian doctor who had just returned from Gaza.
Because the Israeli siege prevents medical supplies from entering Gaza, he told us he had to use vinegar and washing up liquid to sterilise wounds, even on the night when he performed amputations on six children.
He recounted their screams, and the desperation of their parents.
I pay tribute to Professor Ghassan, but it will forever shame this House that the dying and the wounded who he treated were bombed and maimed by Israel with the approval of this place.
Will the Government finally listen to the growing global calls and demand an immediate ceasefire?
The hon.
Lady’s eloquent intervention underlines the importance of achieving a sustainable ceasefire in the way set out by the Foreign Secretary in his article at the weekend.
Over the weekend the Israelis uncovered the largest ever Hamas tunnel, at 2.5 miles long.
The brother of Hamas’s leader has been seen driving through the tunnel as he hides beneath Gaza’s civilian population.
The Minister has already spoken about 70 Hamas fighters surrendering at a hospital where there were firearms in incubators for premature babies.
Does he agree that those are important reminders of Hamas’s appalling use of human shields, of why Hamas must no longer brutalise Gaza’s population and terrorise Israelis, and of why the UK would be completely wrong to call for a ceasefire before the threat of Hamas is removed?
I thank my right hon.
and learned Friend for his comments.
I suspect that on both sides of the House there is no need for a reminder of the horrific events that Hamas have perpetrated, on  7 October  and  since.
As he will understand, we are trying to ensure that the hostages are released as swiftly as possible, that the rockets stop, and that we are able to move to a political process as soon as feasible.
Hundreds of British Palestinians have seen multiple generations of their relatives killed, their family homes destroyed and their futures in Gaza decimated.
I put on record my thanks to  the hon.
Member for Oxford West and Abingdon (Layla Moran)  and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bradford East (Imran Hussain)  for organising the moving event with Professor Ghassan Abu Sitta.
It was a packed room, and not a single eye was dry as we listened to him speak about the horrific situation in the hospitals.
Have either the Prime Minister, the Foreign Secretary or the Minister met any British Palestinian families, including those who have recently returned from Gaza, to witness how they have been affected by Israel’s indiscriminate strikes?
My understanding is that both the Foreign Secretary and the Prime Minister have had access to that information.
The hon.
Gentleman makes a plea for those difficulties to end, and I hope he will accept that the Government are doing everything we can to fulfil what he wants to see and what we want to see.