In respect of the comments made by the Israeli ambassador to the UK, the hon.
Gentleman will have seen the response of the British Government and, in particular, the response of the Foreign Secretary.
On the second part of the hon.
Gentleman’s question in respect of a permanent ceasefire, he will have heard not only what the Government have said, but what those on the Opposition Front Bench have said.
Will the United Kingdom Government urge the Government of Israel to ratify the Rome statute and thus become a state party to the International Criminal Court?
The right hon.
Gentleman will know that Britain is a signatory to the International Criminal Court because we think that it is a vital piece of the international architecture, but it is for all countries to make their own decisions in that respect.
He will know that a number of countries, including America, have so far declined to join.
Shot and killed for going to the toilet— the hon.
Member for Oxford West and Abingdon (Layla Moran)  has described just one example of what Palestinians in Gaza are going through.
Our heart goes out to her and her family, but also to all the civilians in Gaza who are affected by such appalling treatment at the moment.
Many Israeli leaders have openly pushed for the expulsion of Palestinians from the Gaza strip and called for the second Nakba in Gaza.
Will the Minister reassure the House that the British Government oppose any such attempt to forcibly expel and displace Palestinians from Gaza?
Yes.
With such death, devastation and destruction, which we have all seen unfold in real time, constituents are asking whether there are any British fingerprints or funding to be found behind the bullets and bombs used in the horror show of Gaza and the west bank.
The Minister talks of a two-state solution but, as has been pointed out, the Netanyahu regime and its ambassador to the UK have rejected this.
How can we allow the present tactics to go on unabated, when there is no clear picture on how and when this will end?
The hon.
Lady’s point underlines the vital importance of moving to a political track as soon as it is possible to do so.
Britain must maintain that international law is followed on the international stage, specifically the protection of civilians, including innocent children.
Does the Minister agree that although the humanitarian pause was an important step—testing the negotiation and mediation of intermediaries, and, of course, the release of hostages—only a lasting ceasefire will bring about the conditions for peace?
Does he also agree—we have heard it here in the Chamber today—that the Israeli Government have to accept that for them to have statehood and live in peace, they must want the same for their neighbour too?
That is why the Government are working towards a sustainable ceasefire.
In the meantime, we are anxious to secure the necessary pauses so that aid can get into Gaza as speedily as possible.
I thank  the hon.
Member for Oxford West and Abingdon (Layla Moran)  for securing this urgent question and you, Mr Speaker, for granting it.
My heart goes out to her family and everybody else caught up in this dreadful conflict.
I welcome the words of the Foreign Secretary calling for a sustainable ceasefire, which must see all the hostages released and fighting on both sides end.
We need to get the aid in.
Will the Minister say more about how we will permanently end this cycle of violence?
How do we get a two-state solution?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his comments.
He is right that we are not calling for a ceasefire and hoping that somehow it becomes more permanent.
What we are doing is calling for a sustainable ceasefire that allows us to move towards the political track, which will then deliver what he is calling for.
I thank  the hon.