I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
Indeed, I will meet him to discuss the matter to make sure that this regulation does not have the adverse effects that he has outlined.
Since the Prime Minister’s speech on net zero in September, Nissan has announced a £2 billion investment in Sunderland, which comes hot on the heels of Tata’s £4 billion investment in batteries.
EDF Masdar has announced an £11 billion investment in offshore wind in Dogger Bank.
In his autumn statement, the Chancellor announced a tripling of tidal energy contracts for difference.
We had 11 hydrogen projects announced last week.
There are six companies bidding for small modular reactors. [
Interruption.]
Is it not the case that, hot on the heels of yesterday’s announcement of a £6 billion allocation of energy efficiency funding and the carbon border adjustment mechanism—
Order.
We had this last time with you.
I’m sorry, but I am trying to be generous because it is Christmas.
Do not take advantage of other Members; I still have others to get in.
It is just not fair, and it is very selfish to carry on when I have asked you not to.
I do not find it acceptable.
I look forward to the apology shortly.
Would someone like to answer that question, briefly?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his question and for his campaigning on these issues.
I just note that on electric vehicle manufacturing alone, the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders says that in the past year we have had more investment pledged for UK electric vehicles than in the previous seven years combined.
The life sciences sector is worth £2.4 billion to the Northern Ireland economy.
What steps have been taken, with counterparts in the Northern Ireland Assembly, to increase funding for employment within this worthy sector?
The hon.
Gentleman is quite right that life sciences is one of the key growth industries for this country.
I would be happy to meet him to discuss all the things we are doing for the sector, particularly in Northern Ireland.
Our economy continues to be impacted by the war in Ukraine and denial across the Black sea, and we now must brace ourselves for further economic shocks as global shipping avoids the Red sea.
Does the Minister agree that we should be protecting these shipping lanes?
Our Navy is now too small by half to protect our maritime interests, so will he now look at investing in our surface fleet to protect our economy?
As my right hon.
Friend knows, I have long believed in the importance of investing in our armed forces, but that ultimately depends on a strong economy that will pay for sustained investment, and that is what is happening under this Government.
Will the Chancellor update the House on how he plans to move forward with some of the key recommendations from Lord Harrington’s review into foreign direct investment in the UK?
I am happy to do that.
In fact, I hosted a reception for Lord Harrington and the people responsible for that review last week.
We will start by increasing the budget of the Office for Investment so that it can give a more bespoke service to potential overseas investors.
We are all mindful of the need to control public finances and slim the civil service, but can my right hon.
Friend reassure my constituents that the Darlington Economic Campus will receive the jobs that were promised, and will he give consideration to my proposal to name their permanent home of DEC William McMullen House, in recognition of the sacrifice William made for people of Darlington?
My hon.
Friend is a brilliant advocate for his constituency.
I hear what he has to say and I am happy to meet him to talk about it.
My right hon.