My understanding is that both the Foreign Secretary and the Prime Minister have had access to that information.
The hon.
Gentleman makes a plea for those difficulties to end, and I hope he will accept that the Government are doing everything we can to fulfil what he wants to see and what we want to see.
There is nothing morally courageous about arguing for the people who committed the atrocities on  7 October —the rapists and murderers who crossed into Israel on that day—to remain in power, which is what those who are demanding a ceasefire with Hamas are asking for.
That is the reality.
I fear sometimes, listening to what is said here, that some people hope Israel does not succeed in achieving its aim of wiping out this horrendous terrorist cult.
While there may be a letter from some colleagues that barely reached double figures, very many of us on the Government Benches have been proud of the strong stand and moral clarity that the Government have had in supporting Israel after what happened on  7 October , and I hope that continues.
My hon.
Friend makes a good point.
We are determined that we will end up with a situation where the Palestinians can run their own territory, where the Arab states are heavily involved, and where a political initiative is regionally led.
Lots of international work, support and help is required, but we have to get to a point where we can see that political track take shape.
Ahead of today’s UN Security Council vote, a group of foreign policy and military experts, including the former chief of the UK armed forces, General Richards, have called for the Foreign Secretary to support an immediate ceasefire at the UN Security Council.
Many have long argued for that, but it can be achieved at the UN Security Council only if the US stops vetoing resolutions.
I welcome what the Minister has said about hoping that the UK will support such a resolution, but can he say more about what our Government are doing in the next two hours to convince the US at the minimum to abstain on the resolution to allow it through, or to support it?
The hon.
Lady will know that Britain always takes a leading role in the drafting and execution of these resolutions.
I can tell her that skilled British diplomats are using this time to try to secure an agreement on the Security Council resolution, which I hope may be passed tonight.
I can give her no guarantee of that, but I can give her a guarantee that British diplomats are working flat out to achieve it.
I thank  the hon.
Member for Oxford West and Abingdon (Layla Moran)  for her important urgent question.
I hope that food will be taken to the Holy Family church shortly.
I thank the Minister for his comments.
The United Nations Relief and Works Agency is looking after 1.4 million people in its camps, which is more than half the population of Gaza.
On my visit to Palestine in May, we heard that UNRWA was struggling to find funding.
Can we ensure that UNRWA is receiving the money and aid it needs to provide humanitarian assistance to the Palestinians now and in the future?
We are clear that UNRWA is playing a critical role in Gaza.
We are very careful to ensure that the British taxpayers’ money we spend to support UNRWA is spent in the right way.
We have significantly increased our support to UNRWA and the Americans have re-engaged in supporting UNRWA.
Given the release of the latest Hamas video of three elderly male civilian hostages, does the Minister agree that in all the distress being experienced about events in Gaza, it is important that these innocent hostages do not become the forgotten element of the conflict?