I was delighted that the Chancellor extended freeport tax reliefs in England in his autumn statement.
Does he agree that if those extensions are realised in Wales, it will give companies the confidence to invest and help deliver the £1 billion investment, and thousands of jobs forecast for our Anglesey freeport?
Will he join me in thanking all those at the Isle of Anglesey County Council and Stena Line who worked so hard recently to submit the outline business case?
I am happy to join my hon.
Friend in thanking all those involved in promoting the Anglesey freeport, which we think may create 5,500 jobs.
We are working closely with the Welsh Government to agree on how the 10-year window to claim reliefs can be extended across freeports in Wales.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend, who has done more than anyone to put Ynys Môn on the map.
I call Jim Shannon—oh, sorry, Andrew Bridgen.
Thank you very much for doing the funnies, Mr Speaker.
Freeports can certainly be a catalyst of economic growth and prosperity in north Wales and the east midlands, but they must be in the right place.
Putting a freeport in North West Leicestershire, which already enjoys some of the highest economic growth in the country, has low unemployment, and is capable of filling its industrial sites without incentives, makes little sense.
Will the Chancellor agree to meet me to discuss better alternatives for the east midlands than the Diseworth freeport site?
I would be happy to ask one of my colleagues to meet the hon.
Gentleman to discuss why freeports are not appropriate in his part of Leicestershire.
What recent discussions he has had with his Scottish counterpart on farm budgets for the financial year 2024-25.
A very merry Christmas, Mr Speaker.
The Government guarantee to maintain the £2.4 billion annual budget for farmers across the UK for every year of this Parliament.
As agriculture is devolved, it is ultimately for the Scottish Government to decide how to allocate that money to farming in Scotland.
The Minister will be aware of the frustration that is felt by many farmers and crofters in Scotland that the £33 million that was given to the Scottish Government for a specific purpose as part of the Bew review has been deferred hitherto.
What will she do in future to ensure that where money is given for the express purpose of supporting Scottish agriculture, it is in fact used for that purpose?
The right hon.
Member raises an excellent question.
The SNP Government are yet to clarify when this ringfenced money will be returned.
I hope they will do so this afternoon at the Budget.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
May I echo your comments, Mr Speaker, with Christmas wishes for all the House staff, your staff and Members?
The UK Government’s attempt to overhaul the EU subsidy scheme has left English farmers 50% worse off in cash terms than in 2020.
While the Scottish Government have sought to protect our farmers’ payments, can the Minister guarantee that the UK Government will not try to undermine their payments and devolution by back-door use of the United Kingdom Internal Market Act 2020?
I note that the hon.
Member did not answer my question, nor that of  the right hon.
Member for Orkney and Shetland (Mr Carmichael)  about when the ringfenced money will be returned.
Order.
Questions are normally to the Minister, not the other way around.
Very good point, but I still maintain that the hon.
Member needs to clarify that matter.
It is up to the Scottish Government if they would like at any point to top up the amount that goes to Scottish farming.
I encourage them to do so this afternoon at the Budget.
I do not think any Scottish farmer will be reassured by what the Minister has just said.