Friend is a brilliant advocate for his constituency.
I hear what he has to say and I am happy to meet him to talk about it.
My right hon.
Friend is well aware of the threat to thousands of jobs at Scunthorpe steelworks and many more in the supply chain that supports it, all of which would have a devastating effect on the economy of northern Lincolnshire.
Can he and his colleagues in the Department for Business and Trade bring a speedy conclusion to the negotiations and lift the cloud over Scunthorpe?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his campaigning on that issue and reassure him that we in the Treasury completely understand how vital steel is to the future of his area and to his constituents.
We will continue to do everything we can to resolve the situation as quickly as possible.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Minister if he will make a statement on the situation in Israel and Gaza.
The whole House will be gravely concerned about the desperate situation in Gaza.
It cannot continue, and we are deploying all our diplomatic resources, including in the United Nations, to help find a viable solution.
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for her urgent question and for the private messages from Gaza that she has made available to me, and I look forward to meeting her in the Foreign Office tomorrow.
The scale of civilian deaths and displacement in Gaza is shocking.
I was particularly disturbed to hear about the situation of civilians trapped in the Holy Family church complex in Gaza City, the lack of water and food, and reports of sniper fire causing civilian deaths inside the complex.
Although Israel has the right to defend itself against terror, restore its security and bring the hostages home, it must abide by international law and take all possible measures to protect civilians.
No one wants to see this conflict go on for a moment longer than necessary.
We recognise the sheer scale of the suffering, and are appalled at the impact on civilians.
We urgently need more humanitarian pauses to get all the hostages out and lifesaving aid in.
We welcome the recent opening of the Kerem Shalom crossing to help achieve that, but it is not enough.
Our immediate priorities are to secure the release of British hostages, to show solidarity with Israel in defending itself against Hamas while complying with international humanitarian law, and to call for such pauses, both at the UN and directly with Israel, to ensure that emergency aid can be distributed in Gaza, including fuel, water and medicine.
The Foreign Secretary will discuss the situation in Gaza with regional leaders this week in his visit to Egypt and Jordan.
The Government have recently announced an additional £30 million of British aid, tripling the UK aid budget for the Occupied Palestinian Territories this financial year.
To date, we have delivered 74 tonnes of aid, but there is still more to do.
Casualty numbers are far too high, and we are calling on Hamas to release each and every kidnapped hostage.
We are also actively exploring other routes for aid into Gaza, including maritime options.
Of course, as both the Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary have said, ultimately this must end.
We of course want to see an end to the fighting, but it must be a sustainable ceasefire, meaning that Hamas must stop launching rockets into Israel and must release the hostages.
More than 130 hostages are still unaccounted for.
They must be released immediately and returned to their families.
To achieve long-term peace in the middle east, a viable two-state solution is needed.
Leaving Hamas in power in Gaza would be a permanent roadblock on the path to that; no one can be expected to live alongside a terrorist organisation committed to their destruction and dedicated to repeating those attacks.