I recognise the important role the household support fund has played.
As my right hon.
Friend the Chief Secretary to the Treasury said earlier, no decisions have been made about what will happen going forward.
There were a lot of anti-poverty measures in the autumn statement, including increasing benefits next year by double the rate of inflation, increasing the full-time national living wage by £1,800 a year and increasing the local housing allowance, providing an average of an extra £800 to 1.6 million households.
Merry Christmas, Mr Speaker, to you, your team and the Treasury team.
Between now and the next Treasury questions, millions of our constituents will be required to file a self-assessment tax return, yet this week we learned that His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs has suddenly shut down its hotline for the majority of people and their advisers.
Our most law-abiding citizens are trying to get their taxes right, so what advice can my hon.
Friend the Financial Secretary to the Treasury give to them as to how they can contact HMRC?
I thank my hon.
Friend the Chair of the Treasury Committee for raising this issue with me.
We want to ensure that people can be served accurately and effectively through the most efficient channels.
Two thirds of calls to the self-assessment line could be resolved online, through other channels—I highly recommend the app, for example.
Last year, HMRC received over 3 million calls on three issues—resetting a password, getting a tax code and getting a national insurance number—that could easily be resolved digitally.
People will still be able to call in, but we need to redeploy resources away from very simple questions towards those most in need, which will help those who are digitally unaware.
Mr Speaker, I wish you, your staff and everyone across the House a very happy Christmas.
It has been reported that the Prime Minister instructed a £40 million VIP helicopter service that had been earmarked for closure to continue to provide him with flights.
Will the Treasury publish a cost-benefit analysis of that decision for taxpayers to see?
I do not know the details of the issue raised by the hon.
Lady, but I assure her that the Treasury is ferocious in its determination to ensure that every penny of the public’s money is spent wisely.
The electrification of the north Wales main line has been a vital issue to Delyn and the rest of north Wales for many years.
Back in 2015, when it was judged as costing about £850 million, it was kiboshed by the Treasury as not being value for money.
Now that it is expected to cost over £1 billion, will the Chancellor guarantee that the project will definitely go ahead and that the Treasury will not put a stop on it again?
I will write to the hon.
Gentleman.
Mr Speaker, I wish you, those across the House and my constituents a very merry Christmas.
People in rural areas suffer more than their urban counterparts because of the rural premium they encounter in their daily lives.
With food inflation at around 10%, people in Somerton and Frome are once again facing a choice between heating and eating.
What recent assessment has the Department made of the effect of inflation on food prices?
I know that the hon.
Lady will have welcomed the most important change to cost of living pressures, which is inflation coming down.
In addition, we have had the cost of living payments this year, and also benefits going up by 10.1% this year and by more than the expected level of inflation next year.
We as a Government have done all we can to support people and will continue to do so.
Mr Speaker, as mine is the last name on the Order Paper, may I wish you and Mrs Speaker, and the two Front-Bench teams, a very happy Christmas?