Does the Minister recognise the frustration and disappointment at the length of time and legislative barriers that remain for campaigning community groups who want community energy schemes to move forward?
It is the most secure way of generating electricity.
The Conservatives are supposed to be the party of free markets and competition, so why are they denying consumers the choice that would come with an exciting community energy scheme?
Far from denying consumers opportunity, we are already beginning to work with organisations, such as the Community Energy Contact Group.
On the content of the consultation we launched and whether it should include solutions to barriers, I will need to take a view when it responds.
My right hon.
Friend the Minister for Energy Security and Net Zero earlier mentioned the solar taskforce.
Will my hon.
Friend the Under-Secretary liaise with his colleagues and the National Farmers Union on combining community energy schemes with farmers and the rural sector?
The solar taskforce mentions acres of supermarket rooftops being available for solar, but makes no reference to farm buildings.
It makes sense that community schemes, working with local farmers in rural areas, can deliver community energy and allow farmers to diversify.
I hear very much what my right hon.
Friend says and understand his concerns.
It is therefore with equal alacrity that I accept a meeting on my right hon.
Friend the Minister’s behalf to discuss those issues moving forward.
If she will make an assessment of the impact of the mandatory code of practice for the involuntary installation of prepayment meters on vulnerable households.
If she will make an assessment of the impact of the mandatory code of practice for the involuntary installation of prepayment meters on vulnerable households.
The Secretary of State and I met CEOs of energy suppliers recently.
We emphasised that Ofgem’s new rules must be implemented and lead to improved protections for vulnerable consumers.
We are working closely with Ofgem and the industry to ensure that that is the case.
The Minister will be aware that the ban on the involuntary installation of prepayment meters will be lifted soon.
That will mean families with children over two years old and pensioners under 75 who are still vulnerable will potentially face the higher cost of prepayment meters.
There is the possibility, of course, that when they run out of tokens they will be cut off.
Is that right?
First of all, we have been mindful of ensuring that there is no higher cost to prepayment meters.
We are mindful of the fact that prepayment meters have a place in certain households, because we are very sure that we must not increase debt.
However, one reason why we scrutinised the process so carefully is to ensure that it does not impact negatively on vulnerable customers.
I thank the Minister for that answer, but what is it about the code of practice that means two-year-olds are vulnerable but three-year-olds are not?
What is the difference between those households?
Why has Scottish Power been able to go to court to obtain warrants to install prepayment meters forcibly before it has been able to demonstrate any compliance with the code?
Is that not the wrong way around?
Just for assurance, we have held conversations with Ofgem and suppliers to make sure no forced instalments have taken place yet.
We are scrutinising the system to ensure that all vulnerable people are able to access the energy they need.
If she will take steps to increase the number of onshore wind farms.
This has been a record year for onshore wind, which is already the largest renewables technology.
The latest contract for difference added an unprecedented 1.7 GW.
The Minister seems to be comparing figures I have not seen.
If it is a record year, why have we seen such a dramatic drop in planning applications for onshore wind farms and in the number of onshore wind farms delivered?