That is first because that is the right moral outcome for Ukraine—it deserves to restore its territory and live as a free sovereign country—and secondly because if Putin does not fail in Ukraine, he will be emboldened to go again and again.
Euro-Atlantic security over the next 30 to 50 years would be profoundly affected as a consequence.
With much of the media and world now focusing on the ongoing conflict in the middle east, does my right hon.
Friend agree that we must not lose sight of the ongoing suffering of Ukrainians at home and on the battlefield?
I absolutely agree.
We certainly are not allowing it to become a zero-sum thing where we focus only on the middle east or on Ukraine.
We can do both, and the western Balkans and everywhere else where the UK’s interest is challenged.
It is clear that despite heroic efforts by the Ukrainian people, at best a military stalemate will be achieved.
What is the Minister’s estimate of the civilian and military casualties on both sides of this conflict to date?
What are the prospects of negotiations to bring the bloodletting to an end?
I will need to write to the hon.
Gentleman with estimates on both sides.
The number I have in my mind on the Russian side is 320,000 dead and wounded, but clearly there will be Ukrainian casualties as well, and those are numbers are military, not civilian.
I will do my best to respond on that.
I am not sure that I accept the hon.
Gentleman’s assessment that there is an inevitability to stalemate.
The effort required to maintain the current apparent stalemate on land—in the Black sea, things are still  quite dynamic—is incredible.
It is not an inevitable consequence, but the consequence of an extraordinary amount of effort on both sides.
If one side loses the strategic depth or patience to maintain that effort, it is perfectly possible that a very different outcome will be achieved one way or the other.
That is why it is important we are completely committed to maintaining the current level of effort.
As the question from  the hon.
Member for Rochdale (Tony Lloyd)  pointed to, we continue to make that case to friends and partners around the world, so that the donor community remains strong, because there is nothing inevitable about the outcome of this war.
Russia’s financing of this illegal conflict is derived from international trade, particularly the export of oil.
I have highlighted how Russia is circumventing the unprecedented sanctions that have been introduced.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that in this dynamic situation we need to be constantly alive to how international trade is made, so that we can prevent and block the financing of this conflict?
Will he agree to work with international partners in reassessing what further needs to be done?
Absolutely.
There is a military line of endeavour, but so too there is a diplomatic and economic one.
The Minister for Europe—the Under-Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Aldershot (Leo Docherty) —was on the Front Bench to hear my right hon.
Friend’s question.
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right to note the importance of advancing on all fronts with equal vigour.
The renewed attacks on Kyiv at the weekend and the threats to power plants remind us how widespread the impact of the war is on Ukraine.
Could the Minister update us on what recent talks he or ministerial colleagues have had with Ukrainian Ministers about recovery and reconstruction?
Can he give details of what the UK is doing to help now?
The Prime Minister and other Ministers, including the Defence Secretary—this mostly sits in other Departments—meet the Ukrainians all the time to discuss exactly that issue.
Indeed, the new Foreign Secretary was in Kyiv only last week.