What engagement is my hon.
Friend undertaking to discuss investment plans with individual businesses, to ensure that they meet the target and use the latest available technologies?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right that investment is key to delivering our ambitious plans, which is why the Secretary of State was at the global investment summit yesterday.
Working with the Department for Business and Trade and the Minister for Investment, we are engaging with companies on a daily basis, inspecting their investment plans to ensure they are fit for this country and the future, and will deliver the ambitious, world-leading targets we have set ourselves to decarbonise and provide the jobs of the future for this country.
If she will make an estimate of the number of households that had energy efficiency measures installed in (a) 2010 and (b) 2022.
In 2010, 960,000 measures were installed.
In 2022, around 200,000 measures were installed.
In 2010, Government schemes were aimed at low-cost, easy-to-install measures.
In 2022, our funding schemes focused on high-cost measures.
Upgrading homes to energy performance certificate band C would create a huge economic and social boost to Britain.
In my constituency of Chester more than half of homes are below EPC C and almost 20% of the housing stock is classed as historic, as it was built before 1919.
What plans does the Department have to upskill the workforce and speed up the roll-out of energy efficient homes, including historic buildings, such as the ones in my constituency?
The hon.
Lady makes a good point about upskilling the workforce.
Good progress has been made and around half of all homes will now reach the Government’s ambition of EPC C by 2035, compared with just 14% in 2010.
Whether she is taking steps to support the development of an offshore grid for wind farm energy in the east of England.
Grid reinforcement is critical to delivering our world leading offshore wind targets.
The electricity system operator is responsible for designing a modern grid that uses a mix of upgraded existing lines, offshore transmission networks and new underground and overhead lines to bring this low-cost, homegrown generation to consumers.
My constituents are angry about the ill-thought-out proposal by National Grid to impose 100 miles of pylons and overhead powerlines between Norwich and Tilbury.
Will the Minister share with me, the House and my constituents what work he is doing to ensure that the Government do all they can to encourage National Grid and developers to build an offshore grid that will provide more investment and growth in renewables, and pull the plug on these awful pylons?
As my right hon.
Friend knows, I visited East Anglia a few months ago and I plan to visit again.
I hear the frustration and the concerns of her constituents, which she has brought to the House today.
As she knows, the ESO remains responsible for electricity network design.
Offshore routing is more expensive and the costs would be borne by consumers across the country.
However, we will continue to engage with the ESO as it develops proposals that strike the balance of offshore and onshore infrastructure.
I call the spokesperson for the Scottish National party, who must have a great connection with the east of England.
It comes as a great relief that the Minister is listening, certainly to my constituents and his own.
There are extraordinary levels  of cheap green Scottish renewable energy transmitted to large consumers in industrial bases in the south by the network.
This north-south transaction should rightly be done by subsea transmission cables, negating the need for onshore pylons and their attendant visual blight, environmental degradation, loss of productive farmland, costly compulsory purchase and wayleave charges.
Why are Angus and other Scottish communities now threatened with a new 400 kV pylon line, instead of transmitting that energy south using subsea methods?
I think there would have been better questions.