The Government remain committed to reducing levels of legal migration, in line with the manifesto commitment on which every single Conservative MP stood in 2019 and the express wish of the British public as articulated at every single general election in the last 30 years.
Earlier this year, we took action to tackle an unforeseen and substantial rise in the number of students bringing dependants into the UK to roughly 150,000.
That means that, beginning with courses starting in January, students on taught postgraduate courses will no longer have the ability to bring dependants; only students on designated postgraduate research programmes will be able to bring dependants.
That will have a tangible effect on net migration.
It is crystal clear that we need to reduce the numbers significantly by bringing forward further measures to control and reduce the number of people coming here, and separately to stop the abuse and exploitation of our visa system by companies and individuals.
So far this year, we have initiated a significant number of investigations into sectors such as care companies suspected of breaching immigration rules.
We are actively working across Government on further substantive measures and will announce details to the House as soon as possible.
Where is the Home Secretary, and what on earth is going on?
The media were briefed that he was going to make a statement on net migration yesterday or today, but we have had nothing, and he is nowhere.
The Immigration Minister has been everywhere, madly briefing all his ideas, but who speaks for the Government?
Net migration figures are now three times their level at the 2019 general election, when the Conservatives promised to reduce them.
That includes a 65% increase in work migration this year, which reflects a complete failure by the Conservatives on both the economy and immigration.
The Immigration Minister is complaining today—he will be furious when he discovers who has been in charge of the immigration system for the last 13 years.
Net migration should come down.
Immigration is important for Britain and always will be, but the system needs to be properly controlled and managed so that it is fair, effective and properly linked to the economy.
Net migration for work has trebled since 2019 because of the Government’s failure on skills and training, their failure to tackle record levels of long-term sickness and people on waiting lists, and their failure to make the  system work.
Social care visas have gone from 3,000 a year to more than 100,000 a year, yet this spring Ministers halved the programme for recruiting care workers here.
Health visas are up, yet Ministers cut training places last autumn.
Visas for engineers are up while engineering apprenticeship completions in the UK have halved.
Will the Government immediately agree to Labour’s plan to get rid of the unfair wage discount that means employers can pay overseas recruits 20% less than the going rate, and which prevents training and fair pay in the UK?
Will the Government immediately ask the Migration Advisory Committee to review salary thresholds for skilled workers in shortage occupations, which have not kept up, and where the MAC has warned repeatedly about low-paid exploitation?
Will the Minister link the points-based system to training and employment standards in the UK and have a proper plan for the economy and the immigration system?
The Government have no serious plan; they are just ramping up the rhetoric.
They have no plan for the economy, no plan for the immigration system and no plan for the country.
Britain deserves better than this.
I listened to the right hon.
Lady for five minutes or so and detected absolutely no trace of a plan from her—
Order.
I am worried, because I can only allow two minutes.
Please do not go telling everybody that I have allowed five minutes.
Honestly, it was only two minutes.
I will keep that as a secret, Mr Speaker.