I reiterate that there is support at the moment.
We have the £900 for the cost of living.
We also have the disability allowance and other allowances.
To give assurance, I meet regularly with all stakeholders.
What discussions she has had with National Grid on its planned timetable for building new substations, pylons and cabling in the east of England.
I frequently meet the network companies to discuss their important work developing our electricity transmission network.
I have also been pleased to meet communities and MPs from East Anglia to discuss concerns about network infrastructure.
However, as the decision maker for planning consents, the Department does not get involved in individual projects.
I feel moved to found a Clacton Day.
Why not?
I have called for the old Bradwell site on the Dengie peninsula to be used for the arrival of undersea cables, as opposed to wrecking the environment of Essex and other areas with substations, pylons and so on.
With the scrapping of High Speed 2 as an example, does my hon.
Friend agree that public bodies now need to do a better job of assessing possible alternatives, instead of just barrelling forward with boatloads of taxpayers’ cash and destroying our beautiful countryside?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question.
As he knows from when we met to discuss this in June, the Electricity System Operator is responsible for planning the design and location of grid reinforcement, while transmission owners develop individual projects.
I understand that Bradwell had been assessed but was not deemed appropriate for this project.
However, I cannot comment on specific projects, in order to avoid prejudicing planning decisions.
I would be very happy to meet my hon.
Friend again to discuss this in further detail.
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on support for workers in the offshore wind sector.
This Government are proud to have made the UK a global leader in offshore wind, and the industry believes that UK jobs in the sector will rise from the current 30,000-plus to 100,000-plus by 2030—if, of course, Conservative stewardship continues.
Jobs for whom?
That is the question.
We have already seen the shameful situation of UK seafarers who work in the offshore wind sector being laid off, to be replaced by low-wage, exploited migrant labour.
As the sector develops, as we see people go out to work on the turbines for longer and as we see the building of floating accommodation for them to stay on, there is a huge risk that those workers—not just those on the supply ships—will also face exploitation.
Will the Minister work with Cabinet colleagues to ensure that the national minimum wage applies in the offshore sector beyond the 12-mile territorial limit?
That is the solution to protect our workers, and those from abroad, from being exploited.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question, and I share his enthusiasm for making sure that we continue the development of good, well-paid jobs, and the development of the skills required to help people access those jobs, and that we do not have exploitation onshore or offshore during that development.
It is a huge opportunity for the United Kingdom and for Scotland.
Working together, I am sure we can develop it.
As we know from the excellent Rampion wind farm in Sussex bay—hopefully it will soon be expanded—offshore wind farms support workers not just in energy production but in tourism, fishing and leisure too.
This year we celebrate 50 years of the Protection of Wrecks Act 1973.
It is estimated that there are more than 6,000 wrecks around the UK coast, but only 57 of them are listed, so will my right hon.