Air defences are necessary to protect critical national infrastructure, the Ukrainian frontline and ports and other key economic infrastructure, as well as the sea lanes through which ships travel.
The reality is that we are doing our best to source as much air defence globally as we can, and we will continue to do so.
A few of us who are members of the all-party parliamentary group on the Holy See visited the Ukrainian Catholic cathedral in Mayfair this morning and visited the fantastic welcome centre that has provided so much support to Ukrainians who have come here seeking refuge and safety.
One of the key messages we heard—I have heard this from constituents, too—was about the uncertainty they are facing as the visa programme extended by the UK Government is starting to come to an end.
Can the Minister assure us that colleagues are working across Government to provide Ukrainians with the certainty they desperately need that they will continue to be welcomed here in the United Kingdom and will not have to pay for the privilege of extending their visas?
The Home Office will be seized of the need to provide as much certainty as it can.
Indeed, on Friday I had the pleasure of visiting the welcome hub in my constituency and met eight Ukrainian families who were asking me the same questions.
As I explained to them—I share this with the House now—while I completely understand why they individually want as much certainty as possible, it is also important that Putin does not get to see all these countries across Europe that are hosting so many millions of Ukrainians between them offering them an opportunity to stay permanently.
The danger is that we would end up with Ukraine losing millions of its best people to economies around Europe, when ultimately we hope they will be able to go home to a free, sovereign Ukraine.
I thank the Minister very much for his determination and leadership, which we all endorse.
Ukraine has reported territorial advances of 3 km to 8 km in the Donetsk region, which have been hard fought—the cost has been in lives and injuries—but the determination of Ukrainians to retake their land from Russia is as strong as ever.
What can the Minister do to allocate more high-grade military equipment to strike Russia hard in its backyard?
The UK is doing a lot—indeed, it is doing more than most—and we have been the first to go through every capability threshold.
Although unfortunately it cannot yet be discussed openly in public or even in the House, the UK has also been able to use our ability to support the Ukrainians in developing their own complex weapons.
That, when the time comes, will be one of the great stories, but it is of course something that we are doing all the time.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Home Secretary to make a statement on the publication of net migration figures.
The most recent published data from the Office for National Statistics estimated that net migration in the year to June 2023 was at 672,000.
That places untold pressure on housing supply and public services and makes successful integration virtually impossible.
As the Prime Minister and the Home Secretary have repeatedly made clear, it is far too high.
The Government remain committed to reducing levels of legal migration, in line with the manifesto commitment on which every single Conservative MP stood in 2019 and the express wish of the British public as articulated at every single general election in the last 30 years.
Earlier this year, we took action to tackle an unforeseen and substantial rise in the number of students bringing dependants into the UK to roughly 150,000.
That means that, beginning with courses starting in January, students on taught postgraduate courses will no longer have the ability to bring dependants; only students on designated postgraduate research programmes will be able to bring dependants.