I completely reject that characterisation.
At COP28, we will be talking about the UK’s leadership when it comes to cutting emissions.
We had cut emissions more than any of our international peers by 1990.
Even if we look forward to our targets for 2030, we see that we will still be cutting emissions by more than any of our international peers.
That is something that the right hon.
Gentleman would do well to welcome.
Paragraph 3.10.14 of the National Policy Framework Statement EN-3 states that new solar farms should avoid the use of
“‘best and most versatile’ agricultural land where possible”,
using the designations of the agricultural land classifications.
But there are concerns that field surveys can artificially downgrade land.
Will my right hon.
Friend say that both she and the planning inspectorate will be vigilant in protecting best and most versatile land and in ensuring the integrity of land classification?
I thank my hon.
Friend for all his work championing both this area and the concerns of his constituents.
As he rightly says, planning policy and guidance encourage large solar projects to locate on previously developed or lower value land and we will indeed undertake to be vigilant in ensuring that those principles are respected.
Given the UK’s decline under this Government to seventh place behind the US and Germany in attracting green investment as per Ernst and Young’s analysis, what urgent steps is the Secretary of State taking to boost our competitiveness in green industries?
The hypocrisy and the ignorance coming from the Labour party is extraordinary.
We have decarbonised more than any major economy on this earth and we will decarbonise more to 2030, and we are doing it by unlocking a level of investment into renewable energy double that we have seen in the United States.
So, Labour can take its selective facts and put them where the sun don’t shine.
I think that we have had a few problems with language already.
I am sure the Minister will think carefully before he answers again.
What plans do the UK Government have to buy the Wylfa site and associated intellectual property from Horizon to expedite gigawatt development at Wylfa in my constituency of Ynys Môn?
Will the nuclear roadmap lay out a clear role for large gigawatt-scale nuclear projects like Wylfa after Sizewell C?
It would not be Energy questions without a question on Wylfa from my hon.
Friend, who is such a champion for that technology and for her constituency.
We all agree that Wylfa is a great candidate for new nuclear and one of several potential sites that could host new projects—[Interruption.]
Ignore the luddites on the SNP Benches.
As a first step towards a new national policy statement, the Government will consult later this year on a way forward to determine how new nuclear developments might be located.
In energy-rich Scotland, roughly one in three households in my constituency is living in fuel poverty.
A properly designed social tariff would at least alleviate some of that poverty.
Why have the Government broken their promise of a year ago to consult on a social tariff?
As my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State indicated earlier, a social tariff can mean different things to different people.
We are consulting suppliers and many stakeholders to ensure that what we are doing is the right thing.
We are also looking at flexibility around the warm home discount.
In February, the Minister for Energy Security and Net Zero assured me from the Dispatch Box that a decision on hydrogen blending was coming soon.
Seven months later, in September, the Department’s consultation again promised that a decision would come soon.
How can our constituents trust that this Government know what they are doing when they keep dithering over proven technology that would cut our carbon emissions, our constituents’ energy bills and our dependence on foreign gas imports?