Can he give details of what the UK is doing to help now?
The Prime Minister and other Ministers, including the Defence Secretary—this mostly sits in other Departments—meet the Ukrainians all the time to discuss exactly that issue.
Indeed, the new Foreign Secretary was in Kyiv only last week.
It is hugely important that alongside Ukraine’s military resilience, its economy and democracy remain equally resilient and are not strangled out of existence, which would undermine the existence of the state of Ukraine just as much as any military failure.
In answering the previous question, I noted that it is important that we advance on all fronts, that we support Ukraine militarily, and that we help Ukraine to maintain resilience and even growth within its economy.
It is important globally that a key part of that economy—the export of grain—flows as freely as possible, hence the amount of effort we are putting into the western Black sea.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for the work that he continues to do.
He mentions the number of Ukrainian military recruits we have been able to help with training in the UK.
Can he say any more about that training?
How many recruits will we be able to assist in the coming months?
Our aim is to maintain that pace.
For colleagues who have had the opportunity to visit, I know it is regarded as one of the moments of a lifetime to see the determination in the eyes of those men who are training to go to war.
To train for five or six weeks in the absolute certainty that active combat waits immediately at the other end of that training pipeline focuses the mind in an extraordinary way.
I pay tribute to them for their courage and heroism in volunteering to undergo the training, but also to the brilliance of the UK and other nations’ armed forces that are here in this country delivering that training all day, every week of every month.
I have always loved the opportunity to put my support for Ukraine and Ukrainians on the record.
I appreciate that the Minister is not the correct Minister for this point, but I can see that the Immigration Minister has arrived for the next urgent question.
We have been getting a lot of casework about Ukrainians finding it difficult to get their biometric residence permits processed in any meaningful time, including one who has been waiting since July.
Can the Minister help with making representations to the Home Office to ensure that people can get those permits in swift time, so that they can rebuild their lives?
I make those representations now.
I welcome the continued work that my right hon.
Friend and the whole Government do to support our friends in Ukraine.
May I return to the question of grain exports?
Just a couple of days ago at a food security summit, President Zelensky was clear that he believes air defences are the missing link to secure those exports.
Does my right hon.
Friend share that assessment?
If he does, how can we help make those air defences a reality?
Air defences have been an important part of the Ukrainian response to Russia’s belligerence from the very beginning.
Air defences are necessary to protect critical national infrastructure, the Ukrainian frontline and ports and other key economic infrastructure, as well as the sea lanes through which ships travel.
The reality is that we are doing our best to source as much air defence globally as we can, and we will continue to do so.
A few of us who are members of the all-party parliamentary group on the Holy See visited the Ukrainian Catholic cathedral in Mayfair this morning and visited the fantastic welcome centre that has provided so much support to Ukrainians who have come here seeking refuge and safety.