Please do not go telling everybody that I have allowed five minutes.
Honestly, it was only two minutes.
I will keep that as a secret, Mr Speaker.
The only policy that the right hon.
Lady articulated is something that is barely used and would have a de minimis effect on net migration, but that should come as no surprise to any of us.
She has spent her entire political career campaigning for uncontrolled migration.
She has campaigned for freedom of movement—she backed a Leader of the Opposition who campaigned for freedom of movement.
She has always supported and lobbied and campaigned for unfettered access to the United Kingdom.
She said that there is chaos on the Government side of the House, but all we heard from her was rhetoric and posturing.
It would be laughable if it were not so serious.
Every single Conservative Member of Parliament campaigned on a manifesto commitment to bring down net migration.
I did not see that in the Labour party’s manifesto at the last election.
Although she may be doing what she is because she is reading the polls or wants to posture, we are doing it out of deep political conviction.
We believe that the number of people coming into this country is too high, that it places unbearable pressure on our public services and on housing, and that it is making it impossible to integrate people into this country and harming community cohesion and national unity.
It is also a moral failure, because it is leaving people on welfare and enabling companies all too often to reach for the easy lever of foreign labour.
For all those reasons, we are determined to tackle this issue.
We understand the concerns of the British public, and I am here to say that we share them and will bring forward a serious package of fundamental reforms to address the issue once and for all.
I congratulate the shadow Home Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Normanton, Pontefract and Castleford (Yvette Cooper) , as it is clear from the two ideas she laid out that she has read the 12 points in the New Conservatives’ immigration plan.
She is more than willing to copy and paste, just as the shadow Chancellor would, had she had the opportunity.