In February, the Minister for Energy Security and Net Zero assured me from the Dispatch Box that a decision on hydrogen blending was coming soon.
Seven months later, in September, the Department’s consultation again promised that a decision would come soon.
How can our constituents trust that this Government know what they are doing when they keep dithering over proven technology that would cut our carbon emissions, our constituents’ energy bills and our dependence on foreign gas imports?
The Government aim to reach a strategic policy decision before the end of the year on whether to support blending of up to 20% hydrogen by volume into the GB gas distribution networks.
We are building the evidence to determine whether blending offers strategic and economic value and meets the required safety standards.
On the subject of facts, my hon.
Friend the Member for Southampton, Test (Dr Whitehead) just said that there are currently zero planning applications in the pipeline for onshore wind in England.
Can the Minister please confirm whether that is true?
As I have said in earlier answers, we are seeking to encourage more applications.
As far as I know,  the hon.
Member for Southampton, Test (Dr Whitehead)  may be right, which is exactly why we are consulting on improving community benefits and have consulted on changing the planning system.
I welcome the fact that the UK is doing more offshore wind than any other country in Europe, but fishermen in Leigh-on-Sea are deeply concerned about the effect of expanding offshore on fish stocks.
Can the Minister assure me that renewable power production on the south Essex coast will also focus on tidal, and will he join my vision to make Southend pier a shining beacon of renewables, completely powered by tidal energy?
I share my hon.
Friend’s enthusiasm for tidal.
We have had a specific pot in previous rounds of the CfD precisely to develop that.
We are the world leader in deployment and will continue to be, and I hope that her vision for her local area will be fulfilled.
Over the past year, the north-east has seen a dramatic collapse in  the number of homes being upgraded through the Government’s sustainable warmth and eco schemes.
That poor record is costing households in my constituency dearly.
What is the Minister going to do to put it right?
I have previously answered questions on that and indicated that we have committed to making sure that we eradicate fuel poverty and support all people with their energy bills.
With organisations such as the Dalton Nuclear Institute and the University of Bolton Institute for Materials Research and Innovation, combined with the Greater Manchester vision for “Atom Valley”, will my hon.
Friend update the House on the part that it will play in Britain’s nuclear future?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his continued support for this growing and important sector.
Alongside the work of the nuclear skills taskforce, we are currently in phase B of our advanced modular reactor research, development and demonstration programme.
We aim to demonstrate that technology by the 2030s to decarbonise industry and we welcome his support in that work.
As part of the recent floating offshore wind manufacturing investment scheme, ambitious and comprehensive bids for funding to support developments by three major industry players on the Tyne were unsuccessful.
Will the Minister meet me and those key Tyne businesses to discuss what further opportunities the Department can bring to mobilise the high-quality assets of our great river?
The Government are collaborating with industry to identify solutions to unblock barriers to offshore wind deployment.
I know that the UK Infrastructure Bank is providing support to the Port of Tyne.
The FLOWMIS project is currently live, so I cannot comment on it, but I would be happy to meet the hon.
Lady to discuss these issues.
My right hon.