The former Defence Secretary is a great man.
The Opposition Front-Bench team has rightly sought to hold the Government to account for his commitment to an action plan, but I would reflect personally, in a rare moment of slight disagreement with him, that the masterplan for Ukraine next year is the Ukrainians’ plan for next year, and we, as their key leading supporter, have a duty to resource their plan.
Understanding what that plan is and resourcing it, both through straight cash in-year as well as commitment over three to five years thereafter, are all things we undoubtedly need to do; I think there is complete agreement in the House on that.
I understand the disappointment that the commitment was not made in the autumn statement, but for the UK to publish Ukraine’s plan would clearly be the wrong way of doing things; we need to understand what Ukraine’s plan is and then announce how we will resource it, and we will do so.
Ukraine is holding firm against one of the biggest militaries in the world and it still rightly refuses to see the mass loss of Ukrainian life.
Will my right hon.
Friend reassure me on the following two points?
First, as there are reports that we are already seeing a reduction in artillery deliveries to Ukraine, is enough getting through?
Secondly, following Medvedev’s threat to Poland, what are we doing to make sure our allies, such as Canada, meet their 2% of GDP commitment to NATO, as we need them to stay in the fight and protect that eastern flank?
On the first point, “enough” is what there is.
Part of military planning is to moderate consumption levels to meet the scale of deliveries.
Ukraine’s military planning must reflect manufacturing capacity and stockpiles across the donor community.
Enough is getting through, but we will not find a single Ukrainian general who would not want 10 times that amount if it were available.
On the second point, my hon.
Friend is absolutely right: we must ensure that the donor community remains foursquare behind Ukraine.
In all probability the plans for next year will need to be more around consolidation than the plan for this year, but it is very important that those in the donor community see whatever consolidation is necessary as the right military, strategic  judgment—and still worthy of maintaining donor support—rather than peeling away because it does not feel as sensational as plans in previous years.
The previous Defence Secretary  the right hon.
Member for Wyre and Preston North (Mr Wallace)  was well thought of for the support he demonstrated for Ukraine, and in September last year he told the House that the Government had written “letters of comfort” to industry outlining the Government’s intention to place orders with manufacturers.
In last year’s autumn statement the Treasury announced £560 million for the replacement of the UK stockpile, to be funded from the Treasury reserve rather than the MOD procurement budget.
Where does the Minister think industry, Ukrainians and British service personnel should look for comfort given the silence in the autumn statement on the subject of continued UK support for Ukraine?
I suspect the first line of the hon.
Gentleman’s question would make it into the leaflets of my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Wyre and Preston North (Mr Wallace)  if he were standing again as that was rare, but much deserved, praise.
I am not sure I understand the rest of the hon.
Gentleman’s question.
The Ukrainians know what they are getting this year and they have seen time and again the UK seeking to lead the world and catalyse donations.
We have been the first to go through every capability threshold; they know that and they continue to know that.