As we know from the excellent Rampion wind farm in Sussex bay—hopefully it will soon be expanded—offshore wind farms support workers not just in energy production but in tourism, fishing and leisure too.
This year we celebrate 50 years of the Protection of Wrecks Act 1973.
It is estimated that there are more than 6,000 wrecks around the UK coast, but only 57 of them are listed, so will my right hon.
Friend speak to his colleagues in the Department for Culture, Media and Sport about how we can co-ordinate activity between new wind farms and marine archaeologists so that we can boost both our efforts to combat climate change and our cultural protection, which will give particular assistance to coastal communities?
As ever, my hon.
Friend puts his finger on an important point.
Existing assets such as wrecks have so many uses, all of which need to be understood.
Our seas look so large, but they have multiple uses for shipping, defence and energy.
We are working to ensure that we have a strategic, joined-up energy plan and a spatial strategy so that wrecks, marine protected areas and other interests can all be protected in an integrated manner.
What steps her Department is taking to support people in Shropshire with their energy bills.
The Government are continuing to provide up to £900 of cost of living support throughout 2023-24 to help vulnerable households, which is an increase on the £650 that we provided the previous year, as well as targeted support such as £150 through the warm home discount.
I thank my hon.
Friend for that answer.
Farmers in my constituency and the neighbouring Ludlow constituency are among the most productive in the United Kingdom and, speaking as one of the Prime Minister’s trade envoys, we are very proud of their contribution to British exports.
At the moment, they are rather adversely affected by rising energy costs.
What additional assistance will the Government give to the agricultural sector to help this very important industry survive?
My hon.
Friend is a champion for Shropshire and for the farming industry.
Farmers in Shropshire constituencies and across the UK have already benefited from the energy bill relief scheme, which ended on  31 March  and provided more than £7.4 billion of support.
I call the Chair of the Energy Security and Net Zero Committee.
I wish to welcome Faroese politicians who are here watching today.
In the past year, the energy bills support scheme alternative fund was set up to help 900,000 households.
As the Minister said earlier, only about 150,000—141,000, in fact—got the £400 promised, which means that 750,000 eligible households missed out on their £400.
With one in four bill payers now in energy debt, will the Government keep their promise and make good to those 750,000 who missed out on that money when the scheme closed in May?
As I stated, the alternative fund was an incredible support and provided households with that support.
The Government lent in to try to ensure that everyone who was entitled to the funding was able to receive it.
Now that the scheme has closed, the money will return to His Majesty’s Treasury.
What steps her Department is taking to help energy-intensive industries to decarbonise.
What steps her Department is taking to help energy-intensive industries to decarbonise.
The Government have committed £20 billion to support early development of CCUS—carbon capture, usage and storage—and £500 million to the industrial energy transformation fund to help industry to decarbonise, with phase 3 expected to open for applications in early 2024.
We are still waiting for a lot of that to happen.
The Tees Valley hosts a huge number of energy-intensive industries, but we have lost many of them over the years—a few years ago it was steelmaking, but more recently we saw the demise of the Cleveland Bridge & Engineering Company at Darlington, which built the Sydney harbour bridge.