I think the right hon.
Gentleman saw an opportunity through the omission in the autumn statement, but I hope in my initial answer I was able to explain to him why understanding the Ukrainian plan must come first and announcing what the UK will do to support that plan necessarily comes second.
There is a benefit to having these regular sessions, and there is of course the opportunity for more regular ministerial statements rather than just urgent questions; I encourage the Minister to think about that in the future.
He will remember that on the last occasion I raised the issue of lethargy and concerns that events in the middle east could be a distraction from support for Ukraine, and I questioned some of the political dynamics evident in the US system.
On this occasion I want to invert that question and ask if he has assessed the impact of the ongoing issues in the middle east and their consequences for countries such as Iran and their support for Russia, and whether that might present an opportunity for Ukraine.
I must be careful not to stray into intelligence matters but my sense is that it would be overoptimistic to think that raised tensions in the middle east might lead to a reduction in Iranian support for Russia; I think that support is now well embedded.
On the other side of the formula, as the hon.
Gentleman implied in the first part of his question there is of course a concern that the wider donor community might be distracted by what is going on in the middle east, and it is important to take moments like this to reassure Ukrainians and remind friends and partners around the world that we must remain steadfast in our support of Ukraine even while we all work together to deter escalation in the middle east.
Effective military support to Ukraine is more than just about providing weapons; it is also about stopping Russia producing and getting its own weapons.
The right hon.
Member for Exeter (Mr Bradshaw)  asked about this in  relation to Turkey but I would broaden the question: is the Minister aware of western technology being sourced by Russia and does he think we are doing enough to stop it?
I am certainly aware that there was an alarming level of content from the west in a number of Russian systems that were compromised in the early part of the war.
That leads to two further points.
First, there is the reassurance that if we are constraining our supply chain to Russia—which the sanctions regime largely is, albeit not completely and we need to work on that—its capacity to develop complex weapons is diminished.
Secondly, that also suggests that Russian industry does not have the ability to do these things itself.
It does seem now as if this war will be much longer than we had all hoped.
In that context, political leadership will change.
While it is important that NATO maintains its present position, NATO leadership may change over time.
What steps can be taken, including by our Ministry of Defence, to make the case across the world that the defence of Ukraine is in the global interest, not simply the Ukrainian national interest?
The UK has been making that case from the outset.
The stated aim of the UK Government has been that Russia must fail in Ukraine and be seen to fail.
That is first because that is the right moral outcome for Ukraine—it deserves to restore its territory and live as a free sovereign country—and secondly because if Putin does not fail in Ukraine, he will be emboldened to go again and again.
Euro-Atlantic security over the next 30 to 50 years would be profoundly affected as a consequence.
With much of the media and world now focusing on the ongoing conflict in the middle east, does my right hon.