At the weekend, the Ukrainian Government and peoples commemorated the holodomor—the genocide inspired by the Government of Joseph Stalin.
During those celebrations, as the Minister rightly said, the Russian Federation launched its largest air attack on Kyiv to date, which included 75 Iranian-made Shaheds towards the capital.
Part of the financing of the Iranian regime comes from the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps.
Back in January, Ministers intimated to the House and to Members that they were considering proscribing the revolutionary guard, a financer of the Iranian regime that is feeding the Russian Federation’s military might.
When will the Minister’s Government stop considering and start proscribing it?
These are not conversations to which I am directly privy, so I am loth to offer detail that I do not have.
Suffice it to say that the debate is more nuanced than the hon.
Gentleman implies in his question, but I suspect he knows that.
When we proscribe an organisation such as the IRGC, which is so integral to the Iranian state, we can make it quite hard to have any sort of communication with the Iranian state, but those are matters for colleagues in the Foreign Office.
I will bring his question to their attention, and encourage them to write to him or seek to respond in some other way.
I very much welcome my right hon.
Friend’s comments about insurance for shipping in the Black sea to encourage grain exports.
Can I ask him if the British Government intend to carry on doing everything they can to make sure that those exports happen?
He will be aware that Lebanon relies on those grain exports, and with the current situation in that region, we must ensure that starvation does not become another factor in an already exceptionally tense situation.
There is lots in my right hon.
Friend’s question—on all of which he is entirely right.
First, many countries around the world are dependent on grain exports from Ukraine.
It is a source of constant frustration to me and Government colleagues who go overseas on diplomatic missions to find that the Russians try to claim that somehow Ukraine is using food as a weapon of war, when it is they who are seeking to limit those crucial exports.
Secondly, the more that Ukraine  is able to export, the more that the Ukrainian economy survives and, potentially, grows.
One consequence of the insurance initiative, alongside the military success or the naval success that the Ukrainians have had in the western Black sea, is that shipping from Odesa is growing, which is encouraging.
It is a sign that the new front in the Black sea is succeeding not only militarily but economically.
In August 2022, the Defence Secretary’s predecessor,  the right hon.
Member for Wyre and Preston North (Mr Wallace) , promised a 2023 action plan for Ukraine, but that is still nowhere to be seen with just over a month left in 2023.
Surely, the UK must provide our friends in Ukraine with the long-term certainty of UK military support to repel Russia’s illegal invasion, which is so important to Ukrainian friends and family in Feltham and Heston and across the country.
Will the Minister explain why this action plan has not been published, and when there will be one for 2024?
The former Defence Secretary is a great man.
The Opposition Front-Bench team has rightly sought to hold the Government to account for his commitment to an action plan, but I would reflect personally, in a rare moment of slight disagreement with him, that the masterplan for Ukraine next year is the Ukrainians’ plan for next year, and we, as their key leading supporter, have a duty to resource their plan.
Understanding what that plan is and resourcing it, both through straight cash in-year as well as commitment over three to five years thereafter, are all things we undoubtedly need to do; I think there is complete agreement in the House on that.