The FLOWMIS project is currently live, so I cannot comment on it, but I would be happy to meet the hon.
Lady to discuss these issues.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State has made a lot of progress in trying to bring together a holistic network, but it is too late for communities in Suffolk, Norfolk and Essex.
In that regard, will she request that the electricity system operator publishes its survey of the Bradwell site, and that it undertakes a fresh one, with a full cost-benefit analysis, as a pilot for future connections?
As my right hon.
Friend knows, the ESO has conducted an investigation into Bradwell and its suitability, but I am happy to meet her again to discuss Bradwell, the location of future projects, and how we might work together to ensure that her constituents see the benefits of any future energy infrastructure built in that part of the country.
It now seems clear that the funds that the Government plan to commit to loss and damage at COP28 will come from the UK’s existing climate finance commitments.
We cannot tackle the climate crisis by robbing Peter to pay Paul.
Given that a properly resourced and operational loss and damage finance fund has to be a litmus test of success, will the Minister commit to looking at new and additional forms of funding, including a permanent windfall tax on fossil fuel companies and a tax on high-emission travel, to deliver new finance and make polluters pay?
The hon.
Lady is right to highlight loss and damage as we approach COP28.
We were pleased to play our part on the transitional committee in getting a recommendation to COP, and we look forward to its being operationalised in the near future.
I agree with her that, if we are to get the scale of finance that is required, particularly for the most vulnerable countries at the front end, we need to look at innovative ways of adding to that finance.
Wind energy projects have a standard compensation scheme for all local communities, but solar projects do not.
Industry will not act, so I urge my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State to bring in a standard measure for all solar projects to bring fairness to clean energy in our communities.
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question and for pursuing this matter assiduously; we have met and discussed it, among other issues.
I think both industry and communities would appreciate greater clarity about community benefits, and I look forward to discussing that with her further.
One in four households in my constituency is now living in fuel poverty, compared with the national average of one in 10.
Why do the Government continue to give millions  to gas and oil giants, which enjoy billions in bumper profits, while our constituents continue to be dragged into poverty?
Regrettably, the content of so many Opposition Members’ questions this morning is absolutely not in line with reality.
Oil and gas production in the UK not only typically has lower emissions than the alternative of imports, but supports 200,000 jobs, all of which would be at risk if the Labour party came to power.
To answer the hon.
Gentleman’s specific question, it is expected to raise £50 billion of tax over the next five years, all of which—including the safety of his constituents—would be at risk if Labour ever came to power.
Do my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State and the Minister for Nuclear and Networks, my hon.
Friend  the Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie) , agree that the very best location for two 470 MW Rolls-Royce small modular reactors is next to Sellafield, which will use some of the power and is a centre of nuclear excellence?
My hon.
Friend is another great champion for nuclear.