(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Defence to make a statement on the war in Ukraine.
Since I last updated the House on  24 October , the situation on the ground has remained largely unchanged.
The armed forces of Ukraine continue to make slow but steady progress in their fight to retake their country, while a small crossing of the Dnipro has been established.
Russian forces have made small advances in the northern axis of a pincer movement with which they are attempting to surround the town of Avdiivka.
Over the weekend, Russia launched what was likely the largest wave of one-way attack drone strikes on Ukraine of the war so far, ahead of another likely winter campaign of strikes against Ukrainian energy infrastructure.
Ukraine neutralised most of the incoming weapons from the latest assault, and international partners, including the UK, are working with Ukraine to further strengthen its defences.
We will continue to support priority areas for Ukraine in the coming months, including air defence and hardening critical national infrastructure sites.
Our foundational supply of critical artillery ammunition continues.
We also continue to develop Ukraine’s maritime capabilities, helping it to deny Russia sea control in the western Black sea.
With Government help, a UK-based commercial insurance provider has developed an insurance facility for shipping using the Ukraine maritime corridor; the facility charges premiums in line with those under the Black sea grain initiative, which is crucial for re-attracting commercial shipping.
The UK has committed £4.6 billion of military support to date, as we continue to donate significant amounts of ammunition and matériel from our own stocks, as well as those purchased from across the globe.
In addition, we have trained more than 52,000 soldiers since 2015.
Our support for next year is being finalised, both internally within the Government and with our partners around the world, and will be announced shortly.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Early on Saturday morning, sirens sounded across Kyiv for six hours.
Families took to shelters and fear spread across the city.
That day, 75 drones were launched on Kyiv—the biggest strike on Ukraine since Putin’s brutal illegal invasion began, as the Minister said.
With attention on the middle east, this is a wake-up call about Russia.
Putin can still unleash fresh horrors on Ukraine, still shows contempt for international law, and still wants to redraw sovereign boundaries by force.
Six hundred and forty-two days on, Ukrainians are living with fear every day, fighting every day, and dying every day.
The defence of the UK starts in Ukraine, because  if Putin prevails, he will not stop with Ukraine.
I pay tribute to the UK troops who are training Ukrainian forces, flying out military aid and reinforcing regional security through NATO.
Last month, the Defence Secretary said:
“Let’s not forget about Ukraine.”
So why did the autumn statement do just that?
There was no 2024 military funding or action plan for Ukraine.
At the very time when Ukraine needs confidence that it has strong, continuing support from allies, the Prime Minister is stepping back.
UK leadership on Ukraine is flagging: this year’s £2.3 billion of UK military funding runs out in March, while this month Germany announced €8 billion of military aid for next year.
When will the Defence Secretary himself make a statement on Ukraine?
When will Ministers announce the next delivery of UK weapons?
When will the Government pledge funding for fresh military aid and publish a 2024 action plan for the military, economic and diplomatic support that Ukraine needs?
When will the Prime Minister demonstrate by his decisions and actions that Britain will stand with Ukraine for as long as it takes to win?
I do not think there is any doubt in Kyiv—in fact, I know there is no doubt—about the UK’s continued support, and indeed its leadership on gifting within the international community.
While I appreciate that the right hon.