This north-south transaction should rightly be done by subsea transmission cables, negating the need for onshore pylons and their attendant visual blight, environmental degradation, loss of productive farmland, costly compulsory purchase and wayleave charges.
Why are Angus and other Scottish communities now threatened with a new 400 kV pylon line, instead of transmitting that energy south using subsea methods?
I think there would have been better questions.
Time is a bit tight, but please answer the question, Minister.
The hon.
Gentleman should probably direct that question to my Scottish Government counterparts, who are in the same party as him.
He wants to ride roughshod over the Scottish planning system to allow for a faster deployment of this new energy infrastructure across Scotland, including in his and my own constituencies.
The Scottish Government have control over planning, the ESO have control over developing those plans and—
Order.
Let us come to topical questions.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Since my last appearance at departmental questions in September, we have shown that Britain remains open for business.
Through our announcement on AR6, we have taken the next steps towards 50 GW of offshore wind energy.
We have announced £960 million of investment in advanced manufacturing for key net zero sectors, including offshore wind networks, carbon capture, usage and storage, hydrogen and nuclear.
We have set out the most radical plans to update the grid since the 1950s.
I have signed a memorandum of understanding with South Korea to ensure closer co-operation on nuclear and offshore wind, bringing in £10 billion as well.
Given the success of exempting the ceramics sector from the climate change levy, and the risks of carbon leakage from offshoring the industry, will my right hon.
Friend seriously consider exempting the ceramics sector from the emissions trading scheme?
I know that my hon.
Friend is a long-standing champion of the ceramics sector.
The sector receives free allocations under the ETS, reducing carbon price exposure and mitigating its risk of carbon leakage.
The Government are reviewing the free allocations policy and will consult this year to ensure that we effectively support at-risk industries.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The world sorely needs leadership at COP28, but the verdict of our most globally respected climate expert, Lord Stern,  earlier this month was damning.
He said that the Government’s backsliding on climate action is a “deeply damaging mistake”—damaging for the UK, the world and the future of us all.
Will the Secretary of State take this opportunity to place on record her response to Lord Stern?
The right hon.
Gentleman should understand that we have the most ambitious climate target of any of our international peers.
If he looks at the delivery today, he will see that we overshot on carbon budgets 1 and 2, and we are on track to overshoot on carbon budget 3.
In fact, the UN gap report showed just last week that between 2015 and 2030 the UK is expected to reduce emissions at the fastest rate of any of the G20 countries.
The Secretary of State has no response to Lord Stern.
The problem is that he sees a Government preaching one thing and doing another.
Her negotiators at COP will argue to phase out fossil fuels, but she wants to drill every last drop at home and open new coalmines.
She will tell developing countries that climate action is good for the economy, but the Government use climate delay to divide people here at home.
Does she not realise that climate hypocrisy  just trashes our reputation and undermines our  leadership?
I completely reject that characterisation.
At COP28, we will be talking about the UK’s leadership when it comes to cutting emissions.
We had cut emissions more than any of our international peers by 1990.