I know how important that rail line is to the people of the south-west, including the hon.
Member’s constituents.
We are working to determine which rail enhancement projects will be taken forward following the Chancellor’s spending review statement on  11 June .
More information will be made available shortly, and I am sure that my colleague, the Rail Minister, will write to the hon.
Member in due course.
Following the question asked by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Derby North (Catherine Atkinson) , last week the Casey review showed us yet again that private hire vehicles are a dangerous place for many children and young people.
Nationally in 2023, 96% of taxi licences were issued in one local authority—Wolverhampton, one of my neighbouring local authorities—yet only 10% of the applicants lived there.
What action is the Minister going to take to ensure local taxi licensing is done locally and to high standards?
Hear, hear!
Baroness Casey has rightly brought this issue into sharp focus, and as I said to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Derby North (Catherine Atkinson) , we are committed to addressing it.
We will work as quickly as possible and consider all options, including out-of-area working, national standards and enforcement, in seeking the best overall outcome for passenger safety.
The Minister may be aware that the outline business case for improvements to the A31 at Hickley’s Corner in Farnham   will come before her in a couple of months’ time.
While I understand that she cannot make any promises now, will she at least agree to look kindly on that application and meet me to discuss it?
I look forward to seeing that business case when it comes forward, and I will of course be happy to discuss it with the hon.
Member at the appropriate time.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
A new report from the all-party parliamentary group for cycling and walking warns of the growing public safety risk posed by the widespread use of unsafe, illegally modified bikes, and the fire risk caused by their cheap but powerful batteries bought from online marketplaces.
What assessment has the Minister—along with his colleagues in other Departments—made of the risks posed by those fake e-bikes?
I thank the Chair of the Select Committee for that question.
I am studying the APPG’s report in detail.
Illegal e-bikes are clearly dangerous and have no place on our roads.
I would be happy to meet her to discuss it further.
My constituent Paul cycles more than 1,000 km a month all across the country, but he tells me that Cheshire’s roads are among the worst.
Poor roads are dangerous for all road users, so does the Minister agree that national guidance for pothole repair policy must properly reflect the needs of cyclists alongside motorists?
We must urgently improve road conditions for everyone.
I absolutely agree that the poor state of the roads that has been left to us after 14 years of under-investment poses a serious risk to cyclists.
That is precisely why we have given that extra £500 million to councils across England, and it is precisely why we are holding them to account and asking them to follow good practice in roads maintenance.
As the Secretary of State knows, I welcome the £445 million being invested in Welsh rail over the next five years, but will she help me to secure a meeting with the Rail Minister, so that we can discuss the need to start off building the Burns stations with the Magor and Undy station in Monmouthshire?
My hon.
Friend has been a fearsome champion for this rail investment, and I am delighted that over the next 10 years we will be spending more than £445 million on rail enhancements in Wales.
I will certainly help her to secure the meeting that she requests.
Will the Leader of the House give us the forthcoming business?
I shall.