What steps she is taking to improve the condition of the road network.
Potholes and poor road surfaces are a nuisance for drivers, cause damage to vehicles and can pose a real danger to road users.
To tackle the poor state of our roads following a decade of decline, this Government will provide £24 billion of capital funding over the spending review period to maintain and improve local roads and motorways across the country, delivering faster, safer and more reliable journeys.
I thank the Minister for her answer, and for reassuring residents in Swanscombe and the surrounding areas that, two years after the collapse of Galley Hill Road, hope for a solution is in sight, thanks to the structures fund announced as part of the comprehensive spending review.
Can the Minister confirm the likely timescale for the structures fund being up and running and open for bids?
Will she undertake to ensure that her officials in the Department are working closely with Kent county council to maximise the chances of a successful bid to the structures fund, as I am sure she will for other parts of the country?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his steadfast advocacy for people and businesses in his constituency, which I know has been blighted by the collapse of the A226 at Galley Hill.
It was visiting places such as Galley Hill that led us to invest £1 billion to enhance the road network, and create a new structures fund that will repair rundown bridges, decaying flyovers and worn-out tunnels.
Details on how that fund will be allocated will be announced in due course.
The Minister is familiar with the campaign that I and neighbouring colleagues have been running for many years to improve the A180.
When will she have some good news for us?
I can already give the hon.
Member the good news about the £24 billion allocated in the spending review for improving our nation’s roads, and as he knows, National Highways is looking closely at what can be done on the road that leads to his constituency.
Peacehaven in my constituency is a growing town, but it remains a one-road-in, one-road-out town.
The daily gridlock and frequent roadworks on the A259 is the single biggest frustration and barrier to opportunity for my constituents.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we can unlock that and provide a real boost to Peacehaven and neighbouring towns?
I appreciate how frustrating the situation is for my hon.
Friend and his constituents.
My officials are continuing to discuss details of the business case for the scheme with East Sussex county council, and I would of course be happy to meet him to discuss that further.
The Rapid Transition Alliance tells us that we can improve the quality of our roads if we support more people to use rail as a form of public transport.
That is one reason why I am campaigning to restore the direct train between Eastbourne and  London Bridge that was discontinued during the pandemic.
Will the Minister back my campaign, with a view to helping to improve our roads and improve economic growth for Eastbourne too?
That was a creative way of asking about railways in a question about roads.
This Government are committed to improving all forms of transport, so that people have a real choice about the best mode to use for their journey.
We are keen for people to have the choice of sustainable transport modes, including rail, walking and cycling, as well as driving and travelling on buses.
As the hon.
Member will see, the Government are investing huge amounts to support our rail industry, just as we are doing to support the state of our roads.
How much funding she plans to provide to increase the frequency of trains from stations in Sutton and Cheam constituency.