Lady think that might be?
If the hon.
Gentleman wants to trade statistics on the rail network, I can tell him that we have seen a massive increase in passenger numbers on TransPennine Express and LNER.
In fact, last year we had a 7% overall increase in passenger journeys and passenger revenue overall went up from £10.6 billion to £11.5 billion, which is good news for the taxpayer and a clear sign that people want to come back and use our railways.
I was not hoping to trade statistics— I was hoping that the right hon.
Lady would answer the question.
I will provide the answer: it is because they are open access operators.
They have to compete for passengers by providing a service that passengers want at a price they are prepared to pay, and it is clearly working.
Why have the Government indicated to the industry that they are not supportive of open access by stating their opposition to eight of the nine proposals submitted in February?
I have said repeatedly at this Dispatch Box that we see a role for open access operators when they open up new markets and add value.
We have to balance that against the revenue that they abstract from the public sector operator.
We cannot have a situation in which we import too much congestion on to the rail network, because there is constrained and finite capacity.
I am keen to see a mixed model of delivery going forward, but I need to reduce the taxpayer subsidy going into the rail network at the moment.
We are supporting—
Order.
In a recent survey I conducted in Mansfield, local and minor roads were among the worst affected by poor maintenance.
The A60 in Warsop, Chesterfield Road in Mansfield and Old Mill Lane in Forest Town were highlighted as particular problems.
What is the Department doing to improve local roads in my constituency and in Nottinghamshire as a whole?
My hon.
Friend is a great champion for his local constituents.
We have provided an extra £500 million for councils this year to end the pothole plague, and the East Midlands combined county authority will receive almost £20 million extra, taking the total to £76 million.
For Nottinghamshire to unlock its full uplift, it needs to show that it is following best practice and publish a report on its highways maintenance activities by the end of this month.
After years of broken promises by the Conservatives, this Government have finally confirmed this week that the Camelford bypass project will not go ahead.
Having anticipated that for some time, I have already started working with local stakeholders on a plan B. Will the Roads Minister meet me to discuss an alternative way forward?
I am aware that at least the certainty of a decision was welcomed by the hon.
Gentleman, and I appreciate that.
The Department is happy to discuss any alternative plans with him and with Cornwall council.
We have met before, and I am very happy to meet him again.
First  Bus is axing the critical 65 bus, which runs through Dalmarnock, Bridgeton and the Gorbals in my seat and into the seat of my hon.
Friend the Member for Rutherglen (Michael Shanks).
Without the 65, Dorothy, who is in her 90s, will not be able to visit family and friends.
That is a loss for everyone, because Dorothy is brilliant company.
Does the Minister agree that bus operators must take into account the needs of people such as Dorothy before axing critical bus services?
I am sorry to hear about the impact that that is having on Dorothy.
As my hon.
Friend will know, bus services are a devolved matter in Scotland.
In England, we are taking action to put power over buses into the hands of local leaders through the Bus Services (No.
2) Bill.