We will also be reforming bus funding, giving local leaders more control and more flexibility to deliver their local transport priorities.
I welcome the extension of the £3 fare cap and the new powers enabling local authorities to deliver bus services that local residents need.
In my constituency of Watford, the recruitment of bus engineers to keep services running remains a major problem.
What are this Labour Government doing to work coherently with the sector to meet that need?
I appreciate my hon.
Friend’s concerns about the recruitment of engineers.
Although it is, of course, primarily bus operators’ responsibility to ensure that they meet their staffing needs, the Government will continue to support the bus sector to meet its current and future labour requirements.
The greater long-term funding certainty that the Government are providing through the spending review confirms that the bus sector is a great one for engineers to build their careers in.
It was great to meet some of the rising stars in the Go-Ahead Group just yesterday.
My constituents in Blaydon and Consett rely heavily on buses.
Thankfully, with the support of the North East combined authority and our Mayor Kim McGuinness, my constituents have benefited from subsidised fares as a result of the Government’s continuation of the bus service improvement plan funding, for which I am very grateful.
That funding is due to expire in March ’26, but it is crucial that we are able to plan how bus users across the north-east can continue to benefit from those fares.
Will the Minister agree to meet me and members of the combined authority to discuss how we can continue to provide value for money for bus users in the north-east?
I am delighted to hear that my hon.
Friend’s constituents are benefiting from reduced fares, below the Government’s national £3 bus fare cap.
I was pleased that we were able to allocate £23.8 million to the North East combined authority under the leadership of Mayor Kim McGuinness.
I am, of course, more than happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
As I mentioned to the Minister when he appeared before the Transport Committee, I sent a transport survey to every household in Weald of Kent and received hundreds of comments about our buses.
Many are dismayed that villages such as Smarden, Egerton, Frittenden and Pluckley now have no bus service at all, while others observe that small villages are served by massive buses carrying one or two passengers.
What further assessment has the Minister made of the role of demand-responsive services in rural areas such as mine?
The hon.
Member will be aware that the Bus Services (No.
2) Bill contains powers to ask local transport authorities to identify specific routes that are of social value and need.
That will be particularly important when considering rural areas.
She will also be aware that the Department has been supporting a number of design-responsive transport schemes, of which we are undertaking review.
In my constituency, Hammersmith bridge has been closed to vehicles for over six years.
During that time, buses have been unable to cross, emergency vehicles have experienced delays and businesses on both sides of the bridge have lost out.
The Economic Secretary to the Treasury was recently unable to confirm on the radio whether the structures fund will be put towards the bridge’s repairs, so will the Minister tell me whether we can expect funding for Hammersmith bridge to reopen?
I entirely appreciate the problems that the hon.
Member and her constituents have experienced as a result of Hammersmith bridge.
Further information on the structures fund will be announced in due course.
Several of my constituents have written to me, concerned that Arriva, which provides local bus services, has cancelled or reduced some of their local routes, such as the 322 in Maple Cross and the 328 in South Oxhey, leaving them with no other transport options aside from costly taxis.