During the passage of the Bus Services (No.
2) Bill in the other place, we committed to writing to all local transport authorities asking them to pause the installation of a specific kind of floating bus stop, where passengers get off the bus straight into a cycle lane or an island.
That is because they have been identified through research as problematic for people, particularly those with vision issues.
We have already done work with Active Travel England and Transport for London to identify a design standard.
Fundamentally, this Government believe in accessible transport for everyone, and that is exactly our ambition.
I hesitate to interrupt what is a marvellous speech and a great testament to the hon.
Gentleman’s service, but he mentioned the urgent request for vehicles that could withstand roadside bombs.
I thought this might be an appropriate moment to mention that, in response to that, a new type of steel was developed in the UK: ballistic steel, which was invented at the University of Cambridge, developed at our steel research institutes and produced in south Wales.
That was a great national response, and it demonstrates the importance of not only our steel industry, but our industry in general, in providing a rapid response to the requirements of those in the field.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps she is taking to help ensure that the transport system supports economic growth.
What steps she is taking to help ensure that the transport system supports economic growth.
Economic growth is this Government’s top priority, and the Chancellor put growth right at the heart of her spending review, announcing more than £92 billion of capital investment in transport infrastructure to give people access to jobs and opportunities.
This includes long-term funding for our largest city regions, billions of pounds of investment in roads, hundreds of millions of pounds for walking and cycling, and delivering transformative projects such as the trans-Pennine route upgrade and East West Rail.
This will make a real difference to people’s lives up and down the country, now and in the future, showing the difference a Labour Government make.
Every French city with a population of more than 150,000 has a mass rapid transport system, yet over 30 UK cities or towns of that size still lack it.
Research from Centre for Cities shows that poor connectivity holds back growth and productivity by limiting mobility.
A key reason why we have so few is cost, because building a kilometre of track in the UK is twice as expensive as the European average.
Can the Secretary of State set out what her Department is doing to bring down costs and help kickstart a tram-building revolution?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that matter with me in person a few days ago and for sending me further information on the report and the research.
Trams do have the potential to support growth at much lower cost than heavy rail, but he is right that the cost per kilometre of new tramline is much more expensive in the UK than elsewhere in  Europe.
I have asked my officials to look into what we can do in this area as we look to unlock growth across the UK.
We have a proud community in St Athan in the Vale of Glamorgan that is both growing and thriving thanks to the economic opportunity provided by the Bro Tathan enterprise zone.
Will the Secretary of State work with Welsh colleagues to progress funding for a new railway station in St Athan to support that growth and provide dignity for the residents?
As we have seen in so many areas, the previous Government may have made promises about this station, but they allocated no feasibility or development funding to get the project moving.