Will she join me in promoting, as my local schools do, more British values, more patriotism, singing the national anthem at assembly, and flying the Union Jack outside every school across our country?
I join the hon.
Member in congratulating schools in his constituency on their recent Ofsted ratings.
The schools in all our constituencies do an amazing job in not just educating our young people, but giving them that full life experience about how to be good citizens—and good British citizens as well.
We thank them for all their work.
In the autumn statement, the Chancellor announced the largest devolution settlement in the history of the United Kingdom.
It is deeply concerning that despite the Government giving Scotland the funding that it needs to deliver vital public services, the SNP-run East Renfrewshire integration joint board has launched its second attempt to close the Mirin and Milldale day care centres, which provide essential services supporting people with learning and physical disabilities, autism, and older adults and children.
Will the Leader of the House join me in condemning those savage cuts by the SNP-run integration joint board, and call on the SNP to rethink and save those services?
My hon.
Friend makes a very strong case.
She is absolutely right that, after decades of failure under the SNP Government, local people are crying out for change.
We gave the Scottish Government the largest budget settlement in their history, and they have no excuse for not using it well.
My constituents are facing a crisis endured by people across the UK: a lack of access to basic dental care.
Siân Gwenllian, Member of the Senedd for Arfon, has commissioned a report that provides a compelling case for a dental school at Bangor University.
While the Welsh Government have acknowledged the potential benefits of the proposal, they cite financial constraints.
Given the promise of two Governments at both ends of the M4 working together, does the Leader of the House agree that time should be found to revise Wales’s financial settlement to make this vital proposal a reality?
The right hon.
Lady is right to raise the issue of dental deserts, which we see across the country, not just in Wales.
She will know that the previous Government did not invest in dentistry, and that has had a knock-on effect in Wales.
Many colleagues have raised with me the need for more dental schools.
I suggest that she clubs together with some colleagues to get a debate on that subject.
My constituency has recently hosted some fantastic community events.
We have had the world coal carrying championship, the annual Ossett and Gawthorpe maypole procession, the Horbury craft fair, the annual Shelley French lunch, and plenty of beer festivals—not to mention the upcoming galas across the constituency over the summer.
Could the Leader of the House support me in finding parliamentary time to celebrate the hard-working volunteers behind all these events, including Visit Ossett, and acknowledge their contribution to Yorkshire’s community, culture and local economy?
My hon.
Friend gives us a great advert for all that is going on in her constituency.
These sorts of events are important for attracting visitors and tourists to her constituency, Yorkshire and beyond.
The latest data from the Environment Agency shows nearly 17,000 reports of waste crime across England in the past year, with the west midlands sadly showing the highest concentration of incidents.
Waste crime costs the UK  economy around £1 billion annually, and no doubt the Labour-led Birmingham bin strikes are not helping.
Can we have a debate in Government time on the problem of waste crime and the need to take action to tackle both waste crime and the bin strikes, which have been going on for over 100 days?
The right hon.
Lady is right that fly-tipping and waste can blight communities and are a real problem, though I must say that incidents sky-rocketed and prosecutions fell under the previous Government.