What steps she is taking to improve passenger rail performance.
I am all too aware that rail performance has been sub-par for many years in this country, but following a decade of decline, we are now starting to see train performance stabilise, with passengers returning to the railway.
We are working with the rail industry on a performance restoration framework, with five clear focus areas to recover performance, including timetable resilience, staffing and keeping trains safely moving during disruptive events.
The energy coast rail line in Cumbria is in desperate need of upgrading.
It has Victorian-era signalling, and parts of the track suffer from coastal erosion.
Upgrading the line would be of huge benefit to passengers, improving the reliability and speed of journeys, and to critical freight for the nuclear decommissioning work and for the shipyard work at Barrow.
Businesses, other Members and I will meet the Minister for Rail next week to push for funding to get the final business case over the line.
Will the Secretary of State confirm that her Department will work with me and others to ensure that the project is in the Government’s infrastructure pipeline when it is published?
My hon.
Friend has been a great advocate for his constituents on this topic and makes a strong case for the scheme.
My officials are working with Cumberland council and across Whitehall to refine the business case he refers to.
I know the Rail Minister looks forward to meeting him next week to discuss it.
In 1911, Blackpool was home to the busiest railway station in the world—a testament to our town’s rich transport heritage.
Today, the Blackpool South line urgently needs a passing loop to enable trains to pass each other and deliver the reliable, frequent rail service that our community in South Shore deserves.
The Government’s recent £4 million investment in Blackpool’s local bus services was welcome.
Will the  Minister meet me to discuss the long-overdue need for investment in the Blackpool South line to finally deliver that passing loop?
This Government are committed to investing in local transport around the UK.
I am pleased that we have been able to make such a substantial investment in bus services in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
Fylde council’s business case found that there was potential to increase frequency on the south Fylde line.
I know the Rail Minister would be happy to meet him to discuss the matter further.
The lead question is on Cumbria.
We are putting general questions into what is a lead question, and I do not think it is good to join them up.
We are now going round the country on what should have been a Cumbrian question, which is something we could think about for the future.
Rail services are important in Cumbria, but they are also important in Sleaford.
For some time, I have been campaigning for lifts at Sleaford railway station for those who have difficulty with stairs.
I was pleased when the previous Government included Sleaford in the Access for All scheme, and having raised it at previous Transport questions, I was delighted when the Rail Minister wrote to me to confirm that the feasibility studies will go ahead.
When I met Network Rail yesterday, I found that it is stuck.
Network Rail has done as much as it can, but the money ready for it has not been officially unlocked.
Could the Secretary of State look into that and ensure that the work goes ahead as soon as possible so that people can access the second platform even if they have trouble with stairs?
I understand the importance of accessibility at rail stations, such as Sleaford in the hon.
Lady’s constituency, and she is right that feasibility work has been done on 50 schemes across the country.
That feasibility work shows that the cost of those individual schemes will vary from place to place.