Shall we dig a little bit further into one specific reason why the Prime Minister’s reputation might have fallen so much?
Following the record pay settlements of last year, the junior doctors have announced that they are “excited” at the idea of six months of strike action.
Meanwhile, hospital consultants are balloting to see if they will strike as well.
Doctors received a 22% increase last year after Labour took office, and now the junior doctors are apparently demanding a further pay increase of 29%.
These are eye-watering numbers and, of course, we will all end up paying if the increases are granted, but I am afraid this is exactly what we would expect from a Government who have taxed and splurged the cash since the election.
It is hardly surprising that the unions now think they have an open door to extract money from the Treasury, and the Government have actually made the situation even worse through their rolling programme of nationalisation, and by abolishing NHS England.
Whatever else it may have been, NHS England acted as a firebreak on union lobbying, because it operated semi-independently of Ministers.
By abolishing it, the Government have now removed one of the few means they had to face down extortionate demands for more pay and more restrictive practices.
The same is true with the railways: as each one is nationalised—including South West Railway only last week—so the obstacles to the unions’ demands are progressively being removed.
The House will recall the massive pay settlements given to the rail unions last year, with no attempt to negotiate any efficiency gains.
It is only a matter of time before those unions come back for more, as the doctors are doing.
These are not pay bargains; they are an abject surrender.
Of course, Ministers themselves do not mind—after all, 90% of them are reported to be union members.
As far as I can see, the Leader of the House is an exception: she is not a union member, and all credit to her for that.
I am!
Ah, okay.
I am very sorry to say that the Leader of the House has corrected me.
She is, in fact, a union member and therefore fully complicit in the same problem.
The Treasury itself is now the only hold-out against union demands.
Little wonder the Chancellor has looked so unhappy and out of sorts—and that was before the Deputy Prime Minister started leaking memos calling for billions of pounds a year in tax increases.
The unions know the Government are vulnerable, and they have  come back for more.
Labour Back Benchers also know that the Government are running scared and, led by their Select Committee Chairs, they are starting to get organised.
Can the Leader of the House positively and personally now confirm that the welfare Bill vote will take place next Tuesday?
May I start by wishing two Deputy Speakers a happy birthday? [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”]
As the right hon.
Gentleman said, this is Armed Forces Week, when we thank and show our support for the men and women who serve, or who have served, in our armed forces over many years.
It is nice to see the right hon.
Gentleman in his place again this week, because we have missed him quite a bit recently, but I might gently suggest that if he had been here last week, he could have asked last week’s questions last week instead of asking them this week.
He asks me about the welfare Bill.
As I have just announced to the House, the Second Reading of the Universal Credit and Personal Independence Payment Bill will take place next Tuesday, and the remaining stages of the Bill will take place on the Floor of the House the following week.
I want to reassure colleagues that we take parliamentary scrutiny and the process of Bills extremely seriously.