Can we have a debate in Government time on the problem of waste crime and the need to take action to tackle both waste crime and the bin strikes, which have been going on for over 100 days?
The right hon.
Lady is right that fly-tipping and waste can blight communities and are a real problem, though I must say that incidents sky-rocketed and prosecutions fell under the previous Government.
That is why we are taking steps through the Crime and Policing Bill to give police and local authorities more powers to take off-road vehicles off the streets and to take tougher action on fly-tippers.
I refer Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests and my support from trade unions.
This week we have heard extremely disturbing news that Northumbria police have destroyed all documents relating to the miners’ strike, including on Orgreave.
That is absolutely alarming.
The Labour Government have pledged an inquiry or investigation into the strikes, yet the wanton destruction of that vital, critical evidence has been allowed to happen.
Is this a sinister attempt to obscure justice?
I am not sure that anybody is prepared to answer that question.
Who gave the police permission to destroy these documents, and what is behind it?
Can we have an urgent debate into how the Government can instruct all police forces and all authorities—everyone that holds any detail on the miners’ strike and Orgreave—to retain that evidence for when the Labour Government maintain their pledge and hold an inquiry into the events of 1984?
Justice cannot be served if evidence is systematically and deliberately destroyed.
That sounds like a deeply worrying development in the case, and I am sure the whole House will be shocked to hear it.
My hon.
Friend has long campaigned for justice and answers to what happened at Orgreave, 41 years ago.
He raised the issue with me last week and I will continue to raise it with Ministers on his behalf.
I join him in telling anyone involved that they must retain their records, and when questions are asked, they must come forward with every bit of information they have on what happened, as they would be expected to.
My constituents constantly tell me that Thames Water is failing in its duties and has no financial future.
In spite of its failings, we are reliant on it for the most basic human needs of water and sanitation.
Will the Leader of the House allow us Government time to scrutinise in detail the merits of turning Thames Water into a public benefit company?
We urgently need to restore public trust in the water sector; that is particularly true of Thames Water, whose performance has been extremely poor over many years.
There are lots of concerns about it.
As the hon.
Gentleman will be aware, we brought in the Water (Special Measures) Act 2025, the first step to reforming our water system.
We have commissioned a deep look at the water governance sector.
Further announcements will be coming on that, hopefully before the recess.
Sadeq Nikzad has been convicted of a horrifying sexual assault in Falkirk in October 2023.
Shamefully, Mr Nikzad continues to maintain that he has done nothing wrong; during sentencing, his lawyer claimed that this was due to cultural differences.
To be clear, no one from any culture or background in our community believes that his actions were anything other than disgusting and criminal.
Will the Leader of the House clarify that, once it is in force, clause 48 of the Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill will ensure that those who commit such serious offences will be unable to claim refugee status in our country ever again?
Obviously, I cannot comment on specific cases, but this one sounds truly shocking.