We have a proud community in St Athan in the Vale of Glamorgan that is both growing and thriving thanks to the economic opportunity provided by the Bro Tathan enterprise zone.
Will the Secretary of State work with Welsh colleagues to progress funding for a new railway station in St Athan to support that growth and provide dignity for the residents?
As we have seen in so many areas, the previous Government may have made promises about this station, but they allocated no feasibility or development funding to get the project moving.
Through the spending review and infrastructure strategy, this Government will provide at least £445 million of rail enhancements over the next 10 years to deliver long-term infrastructure needs in Wales, including new stations.
Details of how this funding will be allocated will be announced in due course.
My local economy on the Isle of Wight is entirely reliant on ferry services for the movement of people, the delivery of products and, in the case of tourism, for customers.
Will the Minister acknowledge just how important unregulated ferry services are for the entire economic wellbeing of the Isle of Wight?
I do recognise that issue.
The hon.
Member and his colleague on the Isle of Wight have raised this matter with me previously, and I am meeting his colleague directly after this question time to talk further.
The Under-Secretary of State for Transport, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wythenshawe and Sale East (Mike Kane) , hosted a meeting recently and we are considering what further we can do as a Department to support local leaders in finding a satisfactory resolution for his constituents.
A number of immediate airport expansions are now planned around the London area, which is fair enough, but there is some concern about the protection that is required for vital links to airports in the regions and nations of the rest of the UK.
Will the Minister provide an assurance that work will be done to protect those links and the local economies that rely on them?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that we have invited Heathrow to bring forward proposals for a third runway and we are expecting further information on that this summer.
We are clear that part of the expansion of Heathrow is about improving regional connectivity.
He will also be aware that we have provided airports such as Doncaster with Government money to support that reopening.
I call the shadow Minister.
To achieve growth, businesses rely on our world-class logistics and haulage sector.
Given that Logistics UK said that it was “disappointed” that the logistics sector had not been identified as one of the foundational industries in the  industrial strategy this week, what happened?
Did the Department for Transport go into bat for our logistics sector?
Did it lose the row?
Or did it not bother?
What will the Secretary of State be doing to ensure that our logistics sector is seen across Government as foundational to any growth mission?
It is my understanding that the logistics sector was pleased to be recognised as a case study in the industrial strategy.
I know that it welcomed the announcement in the spending review of £590 million to progress the lower Thames crossing, which is a key strategic freight route.
For many years the sector has been talking to us about improving the route from the south-east to the midlands and the north.
Unlike the previous Government, this Government are finally getting on with the job.
We have taken the planning decision to grant consent to the crossing and are making money available through the spending review to improve the country’s critical freight routes.
The Secretary of State clearly has not listened to Logistics UK—I hope that at least she knows where the lower Thames crossing starts and ends.
Let us turn to another foundational industry to transport and growth: fuel.