We have taken the planning decision to grant consent to the crossing and are making money available through the spending review to improve the country’s critical freight routes.
The Secretary of State clearly has not listened to Logistics UK—I hope that at least she knows where the lower Thames crossing starts and ends.
Let us turn to another foundational industry to transport and growth: fuel.
Elizabeth de Jong, chief executive of Fuels Industry UK said about this week’s industrial strategy:
“we are disappointed not to be named explicitly as a ‘foundational industry’ today, given the vital role of the fuels sector in enabling growth”.
Why has our transport-critical fuels sector also been left behind by the Government?
This Government’s industrial strategy sets out the sectors that have the potential to deliver economic growth and for which are competing internationally for mobile capital investment.
My colleague the Minister for the Future of Roads and I meet repeatedly with the industry, be that to discuss fuels or freight and logistics.
We are determined to get our economy firing on all cylinders, and we know what critical role the sectors he talks about play in that.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
My party and I were pleased when the Chancellor recently announced funding for Northern Powerhouse Rail to improve connectivity.
However, we still do not know on what the money will be spent.
Any plan to boost the northern powerhouse must surely include a new main line between Manchester and Liverpool—a vital link that would not only drive economic growth across the north-west but strengthen connections between two of our greatest cities.
When will we finally see the detail behind the Chancellor’s announcement, and will she meet with me and my hon.
Friends the Members for Cheadle (Mr Morrison) and for Hazel Grove (Lisa Smart) to discuss proposals for the better linking of Manchester and Liverpool?
The mayors of Greater Manchester and Liverpool—Andy Burnham and Steve Rotheram—have made a strong case for improving rail connectivity between their two great cities.
The hon.
Member is right to say that this Government are committed to improving the country’s rail network.
I hope to say more on  schemes for the north in the weeks and months ahead.
I assure all hon.
Members that I will come back to the House swiftly when I have more information so that they can question me further.
Including Coppull railway station, I hope!
What steps she is taking to help improve local bus services.
What steps she is taking to help improve local bus services.
What steps she is taking to help improve local bus services.
What steps she is taking to help improve local bus services.
What steps she is taking to help improve local bus services.
What steps she is taking to help improve local bus services.
The Government are kick-starting a revolution in bus services across the country, delivering the right services in the right places at the right fare levels to serve local communities.
Our Bus Services (No.
2) Bill will overhaul bus service operations, protecting vital routes, including in rural and deprived areas, and delivering on our commitment to improve living standards across the country.
The Government have confirmed over £1 billion of funding for buses to support and improve services in 2025-26, and we are keeping fares low by maintaining the £3 bus fare cap.
It is no surprise that Stoke-on-Trent’s bus service improvement plan is among the best in the country.
Thanks to funding from this Labour Government, dozens of new services have been delivered, such as the 36, connecting Kidsgrove to Hanley and Meir, and the 501, helping people get to Wolstanton retail park.
Will the Minister join me in recognising the progress that Stoke-on-Trent has made with its bus network, and will he meet me to discuss how we can ensure that progress continues when funding ends next year?
I congratulate Stoke-on-Trent on its success.