That programme is locally led; it is about local plans that bring together a strategic view of what land is available and its best use.
Those decisions should be taken locally.
My constituents regularly contact me about the need to improve dementia care.
I remember the impact that dementia had on my grandparents and my family, so I sympathise profoundly with everyone impacted by it.
I was therefore delighted when my constituent Joy Watson was awarded the British empire medal in the King’s birthday honours in recognition of her inspiring work as a dementia champion.
Will the Leader of the House join me in congratulating Joy on her fantastic achievement, and send the best wishes of this House to Joy and her husband Tony, and will she consider a debate in Government time on how we can enhance dementia services?
I join my hon.
Friend in congratulating Joy Watson, and we send our best to her and her husband Tony.
Like thousands of others across the country, they live with dementia every day.
We thank the carers who support those living with dementia.
This  Government are committed to dementia services and making sure that we have the best research and innovation on dementia.
The Health Secretary will continue to keep the House updated as part of his 10-year plan.
June is Gypsy, Roma and Traveller History Month, celebrating the colourful histories and contributions of those communities.
People are drawn to Glastonbury and Somerton as a place of pilgrimage, because of its unique spiritual heritage.
After the Conservative cuts, we have no sites across Somerset for our Gypsy, Roma, and Traveller communities.
Can we have a debate in Government time on support for the Gypsy, Roma and Traveller community?
As the hon.
Lady is the MP for the Glastonbury festival site—or an area close to the site—may I join her in welcoming all those going to the festival this weekend, where it is likely to be very hot?
She raises an important point about the Gypsy/Roma community and the need to support it where we can.
This would make a really good topic for a debate.
This is Armed Forces Week, and as we celebrate the contribution of our armed forces, we must do more to support those who serve our country.
Too many of our veterans return home with post-traumatic stress disorder, for which there are few treatment options.
Since December 2023, the Home Office has been sitting on a response to the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs report on barriers to research on schedule 1 substances, including MDMA and psilocybin, which are used in other jurisdictions such as Australia to treat PTSD.
Can the Leader of the House please find out where this response is, and arrange for a debate in Government time on novel treatments for mental health conditions?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this important matter during Armed Forces Week.
I am really sorry to hear that there has not been a response forthcoming.
She is absolutely right to raise the issue of the mental health trauma suffered by many of our veterans, and the need to do more to support them in the community.
I will make sure that a response is forthcoming.
Will the Leader of the House join me in congratulating my excellent local schools in Romford and Hornchurch—Ardleigh Green infant school, Dame Tipping Church of England primary school, Hornchurch high school, Parklands primary school, Squirrels Heath junior school, St Edward’s Church of England primary school, the Frances Bardsley academy for girls, and Towers infants school—for their superb Ofsted reports, both good and excellent?
Will she join me in promoting, as my local schools do, more British values, more patriotism, singing the national anthem at assembly, and flying the Union Jack outside every school across our country?
I join the hon.
Member in congratulating schools in his constituency on their recent Ofsted ratings.