In addition to the business that the Leader of the House has announced, there will be a debate on  Thursday 10 July  in the Chamber on the attainment and engagement of boys in education, followed by a debate on children’s health.
In Westminster Hall, there will be a debate on regulatory powers over billing of energy supply to businesses on  Tuesday 1 July , and debates on the future of music education and on safeguarding children with allergies at school on  Thursday 3 July .
There will be a debate on alcohol and cancer on  Tuesday 8 July , and debates on state support for victims of terrorism and on London’s contribution to the national economy on  Thursday 10 July .
Tomorrow, across India, the annual Ratha Yatra festival will take place.
In Ahmedabad, the Rath Yatra festival has been held since 1878, and there is a procession through the streets of the deities that Hindus worship.
In Harrow, we will celebrate on Sunday, when the annual procession will take place.
This year, it will be between Stanmore temple and Kenton temple—a seven-mile route, in 31° heat, taking about four hours to complete.
The good news, of course, is that it is downhill this year, and not the uphill route from Kenton to Stanmore.
Will the Leader of the House join me in wishing all Hindus celebrating this most important festival Jai Swaminarayan, Jai Shri Krishna and, indeed, Jai Jagannath?
I thank the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee for once again highlighting to the House all the forthcoming Backbench Business debates, and look forward to receiving from him and colleagues representations on how we hold estimates day debates.
I am sure we can all agree that that probably does need to be looked at.
I join the hon.
Gentleman in wishing everybody who is celebrating this weekend in his constituency and beyond a happy chariot festival, as I think it is also known.
I hope that he and others keep cool, wear suncream and drink lots of water on their downhill walk.
Yesterday’s resignation of the Reform leader of Warwickshire county council and his replacement with an 18-year-old will be of real concern to my constituents.
We desperately need a functioning council to fill in potholes, deliver our care services and end the crisis in education for those with special education needs and disabilities.
While I am sorry to hear about Councillor Rob Howard’s health challenges and wish him and his family well, questions remain about how he came to resign after just six weeks in the job, and about the qualifications of his 18-year-old replacement.
Will the Leader of the House make time for a debate on the need for competent and effective local government that delivers for communities around the country?
I am sorry to hear of Rob Howard’s ill health.
My hon.
Friend raises a much broader and more important point about the Reform party in local government.
Reform is committed to reducing the head- count in local government, and its councillors clearly got the memo and are acting on it; they are resigning in droves.
The constituency of Bromsgrove and the villages is 89% green belt.
Under this Labour Government, our housing target has gone up by 85%, yet nearby Birmingham has had its housing target reduced by 20%, despite there being at least 140 hectares of brownfield land in the south of the city alone.
Surely the Leader of the House agrees that that does not make sense.
If it does make sense to her, could she explain it to my constituents?
We make no apology for having the most ambitious house building programme in a generation.
That programme is locally led; it is about local plans that bring together a strategic view of what land is available and its best use.
Those decisions should be taken locally.
My constituents regularly contact me about the need to improve dementia care.