I understand the importance of accessibility at rail stations, such as Sleaford in the hon.
Lady’s constituency, and she is right that feasibility work has been done on 50 schemes across the country.
That feasibility work shows that the cost of those individual schemes will vary from place to place.
We are reviewing that work and looking at the overall quantum of funding we have available.
I must say to her and other Members of this House that it is unlikely that we will be able to fund all 50 schemes, but I will provide an update in due course on which ones will go forward.
Much like Cumbria, my constituents and rail users in Chichester share a part of the Brighton mainline when commuting into London.
Unfortunately for them, the journey time into London Victoria—on the rare occasion when everything is running on time—is nearly 100 minutes, which is above average for cities of a similar distance from London.
The complaint I hear most often about the journey is the lack of a fast service.
Will the Secretary of State work with me to encourage Southern rail to implement such a service for the benefit of my constituents?
The hon.
Lady will know that these matters are constantly kept under review.
We have constrained capacity on the rail network and need to balance the number of fast services we have with local stopping services, but I am happy to discuss the matter further, both with the train operating company and Network Rail.
What steps she is taking to support the aviation sector.
We are unlocking growth through the power of aviation by progressing airport planning decisions and driving airspace modernisation, including through the new UK airspace design service.
We have also invited proposals for a third runway at Heathrow, which will have benefits across the UK and could result in billions of pounds invested in our economy.
To help the sector grow in a sustainable way, we have introduced the sustainable aviation fuel mandate and a Bill for a SAF revenue certainty mechanism.
Has the Minister had discussions with the Scottish Government on how best to use the substantial increase in the Scottish budget to support the aviation sector?
In particular, what do the Government plan to do to make up for the lack of investment in connectivity around Glasgow international airport in my constituency?
My hon.
Friend is a champion for Glasgow airport, and as she knows, Scotland needs investment in transport and infrastructure of the kind we are now seeing across England and Wales.
The Scottish Government will receive the largest real-terms settlement since devolution began in 1998 as a result of this month’s spending review.
I hope this budget increase will be put to good use.
It was good to see Doncaster regional airport recently attract £30 million from this Government.
The public service obligation flight route between Newquay airport and Gatwick is a vital regional connection between Cornwall and the capital, but with the current service ending in July, it is now up for renewal.
Will the Minister please meet me as a matter of urgency to ensure that this vital link remains in place?
Public service obligations are vital for connecting the UK economy, and I think we currently have three.
I would be more than happy to meet the hon.
Member to discuss the one affecting his constituency.
Whether she has had recent discussions with Alexander Dennis Ltd on the potential impact of the proposed closure of its Falkirk and Larbert bus manufacturing sites on her targets for public transport decarbonisation.
What steps she is taking to support the bus manufacturing sector.
I understand that this will be a deeply concerning time for workers at Alexander Dennis and their families.