We have all been shocked by these cases; I am sorry to hear about what Liz has suffered.
For so many years, those who were gay were not able to be in the armed forces.
That they were treated in such appalling ways, getting criminal records and losing the jobs they adored, is truly shocking.
I was really pleased that we recently had a debate on these matters on the Floor of the House, but I will absolutely ensure that she and other Members are updated on the delivery of that compensation scheme and of justice for those involved.
This weekend, the England women’s football team play their final friendly before they defend the Euro championship trophy they won so brilliantly in 2022.
I am delighted to say that Rochdale’s very own Keira Walsh will again wear the No.
4 shirt at the heart of our midfield.
Will the Leader of the House join me in thanking and wishing Keira and the Lionesses all the very best of luck and in thanking her proud mum and dad, Tracy and Peter, for what they did in producing such an inspiring figure for women and girls across the country?
I am sure that the whole House will join my hon.
Friend and me in wishing the Lionesses well in defending their title.
What joy winning the Euros four years ago brought to us all.
I join him in thanking Tracy and Peter for bringing up their daughter and for all the drop-offs and pick-ups, and all the time and energy, that go into creating someone as brilliant as Keira Walsh.
I do not know if the Leader of the House is aware that if we installed just 15% of floating solar panels on the man-made reservoirs in this country, we would double the installed base of solar power without having to put a single new solar panel on agricultural land.
I know what she is thinking: “If only some plucky Back Bencher had secured today’s Adjournment debate, the House could learn more.”
I am happy to say that I have, so will she encourage Back Benchers from across the House to attend today’s debate to learn more about floating solar?
I am pleased to confirm that the hon.
Gentleman is a very plucky Back Bencher indeed.
I am sure that many will be interested in his Adjournment debate.
I look forward to hearing what the Minister has to say, because it sounds like a great idea.
My constituent Danielle Wiseman is desperate to pass her theory test, but she was recently told that she cannot get a theory test in Gateshead until 2026.
Will the Leader of the House make time for the urgent debate needed on access to theory tests and driving tests—an issue that bedevils people in Gateshead and  across the country?
Also, if she will allow me, will she congratulate Danielle and her partner David on the upcoming birth of their child?
I absolutely join my hon.
Friend in congratulating Danielle and David on the upcoming birth of their child.
It is so important, as a parent, to be able to drive around, so I am sorry to hear about the delays they are experiencing.
This matter gets raised with me lots at business questions.
The Government have recently taken steps to deal with the abuse of and the huge backlog in the driving test system.
We are delivering around 10,000 additional driving tests, but I will ensure that the House is updated on the matter.
In recent weeks and months, Harrogate has been gridlocked, with seemingly unco-ordinated roadworks blocking our town.
It is particularly difficult for businesses when those works go on for protracted periods of times—and when they already face Labour’s jobs tax.
Will the Leader of the House agree to look at a compensation scheme for businesses affected for long periods by roadworks?