Correction) We have already done work with Active Travel England and Transport for London to identify a design standard.
Fundamentally, this Government believe in accessible transport for everyone, and that is exactly our ambition.
If we are to deliver local bus services, we must deliver buses that are efficient and technologically modern to ensure we can meet those targets.
With that in mind, will the Minister assure the House that any action taken by Government to provide buses and local bus services will support bus manufacturing across all parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and, in particular, Wrightbus in North Antrim?
Absolutely, and that is why I was so proud to chair the first bus manufacturers expert panel in March.
That is a year-long project with bus operators, bus manufacturers and mayors across the country to try to forge a smooth pipeline of orders to support our fantastic UK manufacturers.
The Government know that bus franchising is commercially risky and very expensive for any local authority.
We know that because Transport for London costs taxpayers £650 million a year in subsidy, and Andy Burnham’s Bee Network in Greater Manchester is currently on course for an annual deficit of £226 million, when its business plan was for a forecast profit.
What is the point of giving risky franchising powers to every local authority in the country when the Government do not provide the money to support them?
I will not take any lectures from the Conservatives under whose watch we saw 300 million fewer bus miles.
As I have explained to the hon.
Gentleman in Committee and in various exchanges, the full fat franchising—as it is commonly known—in Greater Manchester is only one kind of franchising available to local authorities.
Various other methods are available to different areas, including the model adopted in places such as Jersey, which is a partnership between the private operators and the local transport authority so that they can benefit from its skills and knowledge.
I do not recognise—and I have corrected this in Committee—the figures that the hon.
Gentleman quotes for Greater Manchester, which is performing fantastically, delivering better, more affordable, greener, smoother and reliable services for the people of Manchester.
I am grateful for that answer, and we have four hours of Bill Committee later today to rehearse the arguments yet again.
In an earlier answer, the Minister said that he is providing £1 billion of support for buses in this financial year, but surely he knows that £700 million goes to help local authorities navigate the huge administrative burdens that come  with franchising and the other schemes that the Government have in mind.
That leaves just £255 million for actual bus services across the whole of England.
That is only enough to satisfy Andy Burnham for a year, yet we have full fat being pursued by Liverpool and West Midlands.
I ask again: where is the money to support those ambitions?
As the hon.
Gentleman is aware, places such as Greater Manchester are part of the group of authorities that have received £15.6 billion to spend in their local areas.
It is important to recognise the extraordinary performance of buses in Greater Manchester.
Once again, we are not telling local areas which model to adopt for buses: it could be franchising or enhanced partnerships, as well as removing the barrier to municipal bus companies.
What steps she is taking to help improve passenger rail performance in Cumbria.
What steps she is taking to improve passenger rail performance.
I am all too aware that rail performance has been sub-par for many years in this country, but following a decade of decline, we are now starting to see train performance stabilise, with passengers returning to the railway.
We are working with the rail industry on a performance restoration framework, with five clear focus areas to recover performance, including timetable resilience, staffing and keeping trains safely moving during disruptive events.