Whether she has had recent discussions with Alexander Dennis Ltd on the potential impact of the proposed closure of its Falkirk and Larbert bus manufacturing sites on her targets for public transport decarbonisation.
What steps she is taking to support the bus manufacturing sector.
I understand that this will be a deeply concerning time for workers at Alexander Dennis and their families.
It is important that the Government, at all levels, support British manufacturers, which is why I was proud to chair the launch meeting of this Government’s new UK bus manufacturing expert panel  on  13 March .
The panel aims to explore ways to ensure that the UK remains a leader in bus manufacturing.
My officials and I have been in close contact with Alexander Dennis, and I remain committed to working with it and relevant Government Departments to find a way forward.
I draw attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests, which details my membership of Unite the union.
Once upon a time, Scotland was an industrial powerhouse—we made things—but last week, Alexander Dennis started a 45-day consultation with employees.
As it stands, hundreds of jobs will be lost from my constituency and that of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Falkirk (Euan Stainbank) .
Unite and the GMB have called for both the Scottish Government and the UK Government, the company and the unions to come together to find a solution to save those jobs and Scottish bus manufacturing.
There are changes to policy and legislation that could achieve this.
My constituents, the Alexander Dennis workers, want and need to know whether the UK Government are willing to do what it takes.
The £15.6 billion for regional transport projects over five years that we announced earlier this month will help to create a pipeline of investment for the zero emission bus market in the UK, while improving local transport for some of our largest regions.
As I said, we are in close contact with all relevant parties to consider how we can support Alexander Dennis.
I declare an interest as co-chair of the all-party parliamentary group for British buses.
As the Minister has outlined, this Labour Government will double real-terms transport spending in city regions by the end of this Parliament.
While this should be very good news for bus manufacturing in this country, Alexander Dennis—in my constituency and that of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Alloa and Grangemouth (Brian Leishman) —is, in a contradictory move, seeking to end more than a century of bus manufacturing in Scotland and put 400 workers in Falkirk out of their jobs.
What actions will the Secretary of State and Ministers, in conjunction with Cabinet colleagues and the Scottish Government, take to maintain strategically necessary bus manufacturing in Falkirk?
Labour mayors across the country are putting in orders for UK-manufactured buses, as we support bus travel in our towns and cities.
The Scottish people will be asking questions about why the Mayor of Greater Manchester has managed to buy almost four times as many buses from Scotland as the SNP Scottish Government have.
My officials and I are in close contact with Ministers and representatives from the Scottish Government, the Department for Business and Trade, the NFI Group—the owner of Alexander Dennis—and Scottish Enterprise to explore avenues of support.
What steps she is taking to improve the condition of the road network.
Potholes and poor road surfaces are a nuisance for drivers, cause damage to vehicles and can pose a real danger to road users.
To tackle the poor state of our roads following a decade of decline, this Government will provide £24 billion of capital funding over the spending review period to maintain and improve local roads and motorways across the country, delivering faster, safer and more reliable journeys.