To be clear, no one from any culture or background in our community believes that his actions were anything other than disgusting and criminal.
Will the Leader of the House clarify that, once it is in force, clause 48 of the Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill will ensure that those who commit such serious offences will be unable to claim refugee status in our country ever again?
Obviously, I cannot comment on specific cases, but this one sounds truly shocking.
Clause 48 of the Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill will give the Home Secretary powers to refuse refugee status to those convicted of any sexual offence, even when it does not result in a prison sentence of 12 months or more.
We are determined to ensure that those who commit such crimes do not get the right to stay in this country.
Brilliant organisations such as citizenAID, which was co-founded by two of my former bosses, Major General Tim Hodgetts and Professor Sir Keith Porter, provide brilliant education about civil resilience and emergency preparedness.
In an increasingly uncertain world, will the Leader of the House commit to Government time for a debate on that really important issue, so that we are upskilling our citizens in case of serious incidents?
I join the hon.
Gentleman in thanking all those involved in citizenAID in his constituency.
It sounds like a great initiative.
He is absolutely right: we need more contingency provision and to train people up so they know what to do during these kinds of incidents.
When they happen, we always rely on volunteers and volunteer organisations like the one he has described.
This sounds like a good topic for an Adjournment debate.
HS2 has impacted many residents across Tamworth, with businesses and farmers having been forced to sell their land.
One resident has been trapped for nearly 10 years with a property that borders HS2.
He is unable to sell because 50% of the land occupies what HS2 claims is safeguarding territory.
Despite the involvement of three solicitors, HS2 has failed to explain that ruling.
May I therefore ask for a statement to the House on when the statutory blight will be lifted on land no longer needed for HS2, so that my constituents, along with those of other hon.
Members, can move on with their lives?
That case in my hon.
Friend’s constituency sounds really difficult.
As she will be aware, the Secretary of State recently came to the House to explain more deeply the shocking mismanagement of HS2.
We are determined to get a grip of that and get delivery back under control.
We are reviewing the position on HS2 phase 2 and will set out more plans shortly, including about the safeguarding of land.
My constituent Liz was thrown out of the RAF in 1969 when a love letter from her girlfriend was discovered.
Not only did  she lose her career but, as she recently discovered, she has had a criminal record for 50 years.
The compensation scheme for veterans has been open since December last year, but the discharge of funds for those suffering such injustice is slow: 1,000 veterans have applied, but only 44 payments have been realised.
Will the Leader of the House please make time for a debate about the process, so that those who have waited for decades can finally be compensated?
We have all been shocked by these cases; I am sorry to hear about what Liz has suffered.
For so many years, those who were gay were not able to be in the armed forces.
That they were treated in such appalling ways, getting criminal records and losing the jobs they adored, is truly shocking.