That is this Labour Government, with our Labour values, getting on with the job and delivering for people.
rose—
Order.
I am going to allow business questions to run only until 11.30 am, because of the important statement that is to follow, so I ask Members to help each other, and there will be a good example from Afzal Khan.
I know that many colleagues in the House share my frustration with the leasehold and management companies that leverage excessive and ambiguous service charges on leaseholders and tenants.
In my constituency, I am facing ongoing problems with Glide Property Management, which demands unreasonably large sums from constituents without providing suitable services, and which is refusing to respond to the numerous complaints that have subsequently been submitted to it.
Does the Leader of the House agree that such companies should not continue taking advantage of leaseholders and tenants, and must be held fully accountable for all complaints?
I fully share my hon.
Friend’s frustrations with our leasehold system, and the charges and difficulties that many leaseholders face.
He will know that we are acting quickly to implement the provisions of the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Act 2024, and there is more coming on that very soon, including the measures to drive up the transparency of service charges and ensure that they can be challenged more easily by leaseholders.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I join the Leader of the House in congratulating the Deputy Speakers on their birthdays, and in celebrating our armed forces.
Earlier this year, when the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions announced the welfare reforms, her argument to this House was that they were all about getting people back into work.
That argument was  undermined somewhat by the timing; in the spring statement the following week, we discovered that the £5 billion saving we achieve from the welfare reforms makes up fully half of the fiscal headroom that the Chancellor is relying on.
When we take a closer look at the reforms, we find that most of the savings are generated by changes to the eligibility criteria for the personal independence payment.
Entitlement to PIP is given to those in work, those out of work and those unable to work.
It follows that many of those who stand to lose out as a result of the reforms will not be incentivised into work, because they will already be in work, or will be unable to join the workforce any time soon.
No wonder, then, that when the Bill was published last week, there was condemnation from all sides of the House.
If the books need to be balanced, we need to make sure that they are not balanced on the backs of the disabled.
The Leader of the House will be well aware of all the rumours circulating around this place that the Government are preparing to make concessions on the Universal Credit and Personal Independence Payment Bill.
What is the procedure for doing that?
We understand that a reasoned amendment, if one is tabled, would kill the Bill off entirely.
What are the options for the Government to make concessions?
Will they have to withdraw the Bill and re-present it, or is there some other mechanism by which they can make compromises with their Back Benchers before next week?
I welcome the hon.
Gentleman to his place.
He has done a very good job of standing in for his excellent colleague,  the hon.
Member for Chelmsford (Marie Goldman) , with whom I also enjoy working.
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right that reform to the welfare system has to be done with compassion and be carefully managed.
I am sure he also agrees that the system does need reform.
He is absolutely right that PIP is not an out-of-work benefit, but a benefit that helps to support disabled people with their living needs.