Friend will know, bus services are a devolved matter in Scotland.
In England, we are taking action to put power over buses into the hands of local leaders through the Bus Services (No.
2) Bill.
When the Government introduced the increased £3 bus cap, it saw the cost of a number of shorter journeys with local bus providers increase by more than inflation.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that people are not feeling the effects of Labour’s bus tax?
Participants in the bus fare cap are only able to increase bus fares by inflation, so if the hon.
Gentleman wants to speak to me outside the Chamber, I would be happy to take that matter up for him.
I was disappointed to see the findings of yesterday’s Civil Aviation Authority airport accessibility performance report, which outlined that three airports—Edinburgh, London Heathrow and Glasgow Prestwick—received a “needs improvement” rating for accessibility.
Can my hon.
Friend provide an update on when the aviation accessibility task and finish group’s recommendations will be published, and when the Government will be able to outline how they plan to introduce measures to support disabled people who wish to access air travel?
Everyone should be able to travel with dignity and ease, which is why we launched the aviation accessibility task and finish group last year.
I expect to be able to provide an update soon, when that group publishes its findings.
As my hon.
Friend has mentioned, the Civil Aviation Authority’s airport accessibility performance report 2024-25 demonstrates that improvements are still required in some areas.
Devon and Torbay combined county authority will receive just £40 million between 2026 and 2030 in local transport grant funding—less than half the amount awarded to York and North Yorkshire and a fraction of the billions given to the city regions, despite Devon having the longest road network in the country.
A large local operator says that just £1 million a year would make a transformational change in Devon, where rural deprivation is well hidden.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the issues facing the bus network in Devon and the Government investment that is needed?
Our long-term bus investment will support rural areas to improve local bus services.
That is on top of the £712 million we have allocated to local authorities in 2025-26.
I met taxi drivers in Derby, at a meeting organised by the GMB, who are proud of the work they do.
They want high  standards across the board; what actions is the Minister taking to review taxi licensing, so that everyone can have confidence that the taxi and private hire industry is reliable, sustainable, and safe for passengers and the drivers themselves?
I assure my hon.
Friend that we are taking this issue very seriously.
We are reviewing licensing authorities’ compliance with existing guidance, and we will hold those who do not follow that guidance to account.
We will go further following the publication of Baroness Casey’s review, and we have committed to taking legislative action to close the loopholes in the current licensing regime to achieve higher standards of safety across the board.
The Dawlish sea wall collapsed in 2014, causing a devastating loss to the south-west’s economy of about £1.2 billion.
It was not the break in the sea wall that closed the railway for eight weeks; it was the collapse of the cliffs.
Will the Minister prioritise the project to secure those cliffs, which is yet to be carried out, or will she meet me?
Perhaps she could even visit Dawlish to see how important this fix is going to be.
I know how important that rail line is to the people of the south-west, including the hon.
Member’s constituents.
We are working to determine which rail enhancement projects will be taken forward following the Chancellor’s spending review statement on  11 June .