As the hon.
Member will see, the Government are investing huge amounts to support our rail industry, just as we are doing to support the state of our roads.
How much funding she plans to provide to increase the frequency of trains from stations in Sutton and Cheam constituency.
Rail services in Sutton and Cheam are supported by requirements on train operators to plan services and timetables to meet current and future passenger demand, ensuring value for money for the taxpayer.
Govia Thameslink Railway and South Western Railway are required to work collaboratively with the Department for Transport to develop future plans, and our Department holds them accountable for delivering for passengers.
Earlier this week I was contacted by a long-suffering commuter using Worcester Park station.
She wrote:
“As a teacher my days are already demanding, often filled with pressure, high energy, and very little downtime.
Sadly, commuting to and from work now feels just as stressful.
Trains during peak hours are frequently so overcrowded that they feel unsafe and extremely uncomfortable.
What should be a straightforward journey has become an exhausting and frustrating part of my day.”
Now that South Western Railway is under Government control, will the Minister tell my constituents when we can expect to see the service and timetable finally improve for Worcester Park station?
Services returning to public ownership is a watershed moment for our railways and the beginning of our efforts to build Great British Railways, a new publicly owned organisation that runs our trains.
We want passengers to see improvements to their services now and, starting with SWR, each operator will have to meet rigorous bespoke performance standards on things such as punctuality, cancellations and passenger experience, so that we can begin to build a world-class public service.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Worcester Park is a station that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Sutton and Cheam (Luke Taylor)  and I know well as it is on the boundary of both our constituencies, and I confirm that my constituents face the same issues of overcrowding.
SWR acquired 90 high-capacity Arterio trains to address this issue back in 2019, yet six years later only a handful  have entered service.
The UK taxpayer is currently spending over £5 million every month on leasing the Arterio fleet, and over £0.5 million additionally every month to store the unused trains.
Will the Minister confirm how many Arterio trains are now in use, whether the issues delaying roll-out have now been addressed, and whether he thinks that spending millions of pounds every month on unused trains is a good use of taxpayers’ money?
I am aware that another two of those trains are now in operation.
The new managing director is aware that this is a challenge and we are already beginning to see progress.
What steps she is taking to reduce the backlog for driving tests.
I know that many learners are still struggling to book a driving test.
We are working hard to reduce driving test wait times and help more people get on the road.
In April, the Secretary of State announced further measures, including doubling examiner training capacity and offering overtime pay incentives.
In May, the Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency launched a consultation on improving car driving test booking rules, which currently has over 30,000 responses.
Over 630,000 learners now have a test booked.
That number will rise as the DVSA increases test availability.
The post-covid backlog in driving tests was trending down under the last Government.
At the time of the general election, it had got to 521,000, which was still too high, but it was coming down.
Since this Government took over, the number has rocketed up to 600,000, a new record high, meaning that constituents like Oliver, in my Spelthorne constituency, have had to wait six months for a driving test.