Member and her constituents have experienced as a result of Hammersmith bridge.
Further information on the structures fund will be announced in due course.
Several of my constituents have written to me, concerned that Arriva, which provides local bus services, has cancelled or reduced some of their local routes, such as the 322 in Maple Cross and the 328 in South Oxhey, leaving them with no other transport options aside from costly taxis.
What will the Minister do to ensure that everyone has access to public transport, such as those vital bus services?
I will expect the hon.
Gentleman to walk through the Lobby with the Government when our Bus Services (No.
2) Bill comes forward.
It is exactly designed to take back control of our bus services, which the Conservative party completely and spectacularly failed to do.
The Bill will empower local leaders to choose a model that works best for their area.
It includes, as I mentioned, a socially necessary local services measure.
Local transport authorities that operate under an enhanced partnership will be required to identify local services that they consider to be socially necessary and put in place requirements that must be followed before such services can be changed or cancelled.
They also need to consider the alternative options available to them.
Bus usage and services in rural and semi-rural areas such as Wokingham were particularly hard hit during the pandemic.
Will the Minister confirm that councils such as Wokingham will not see funding for local bus services reduced, and will he recognise that rebuilding bus usage in rural areas is a unique challenge that requires extra resources?
I completely understand the challenges, particularly in rural areas.
That is why the package of measures in the Bill to give local areas the powers that they need to take control of those buses is so important.
I already mentioned socially necessary bus routes.
In the Budget, we confirmed £1 billion in support to improve bus services and keep fares affordable, including in rural areas.
That funding has been devolved down to local leaders to decide how to spend that in any way they see fit.
That will improve bus services in their area, including in rural areas.
A blind resident in my constituency, Marilyn, relies on her guide dog and the local bus network to live independently.
However, changes under the Government’s £1.7 million active travel grant, including floating bus stops on Rifford Road in my constituency, force her to cross fast, bidirectional cycle lanes just to board a bus.
That goes against safety advice from the Guide Dogs organisation and the Royal National Institute of Blind People and is causing real distress.
Does the Secretary of State agree that Government-funded infrastructure must be safe and accessible for everyone, and will she commit to reviewing active travel guidance to consider the role of floating bus stops that put blind and visually impaired people at risk?
During the passage of the Bus Services (No.
2) Bill in the other place, we committed to writing to all local transport authorities asking them to pause the installation of a specific kind of floating bus stop, where passengers get off the bus straight into a cycle lane or an island.
That is because they have been identified through research as problematic for people, particularly those with vision issues.[Official Report,  9 July 2025 ; Vol.
770, c. 8WC.] (
Correction) We have already done work with Active Travel England and Transport for London to identify a design standard.
Fundamentally, this Government believe in accessible transport for everyone, and that is exactly our ambition.
If we are to deliver local bus services, we must deliver buses that are efficient and technologically modern to ensure we can meet those targets.