We are also conducting a resilience review of critical national infrastructure via the Cabinet Office, and I assure the hon.
Gentleman that we will look at any and all the issues that this incident raises in those reviews.
I spoke with my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Energy on Friday evening, and I assure the hon.
Gentleman that I will continue to engage across Government on any of the issues that this incident raises.
I call the Chair of the Transport Committee.
I thank the Transport Secretary for her statement.
I also thank the fire services and the airport and airline staff who did so much over the weekend to address and support the situation and ensure that it did not get any worse.
We will have a Committee session next week with the chief exec of Heathrow airport and others.
We also look forward to asking the Secretary of State more questions when she comes to us after the Easter recess, by which time I hope that she and I will be better genned up on electrical engineering.
There has been talk this weekend about the single point of failure.
In this case, that is about not just a particular electricity substation but what happens when our busiest airport closes.
All our airports—critical national infrastructure—have an impact when they are at risk.
I am told that the next airports national policy statement, like the last one, will cover only Heathrow.
Is it not time that we had a national airports strategy to include what happens when any one of our airports is taken out of action?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend, the Chair of the Transport Committee, for her remarks.
The airports national policy statement is a site-specific document, but I will reflect on her suggestion of a wider airports strategy; I am sure that we will discuss it further when I am in front of her Committee in a couple of weeks’ time.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I thank the Secretary of State for advance sight of her statement.
I echo her words and those of others in expressing my gratitude to the firefighters and other emergency workers who fought the fire and to the airport, airline and other staff for all their hard work in the face of this catastrophic systems failure.
What has happened is clearly a rare occurrence, but it raises a number of significant questions about the security and management of our critical national infrastructure.
While I am pleased to hear that no foul play is currently suspected, the event has revealed vulnerabilities in our national security that may be exploited in future by terrorists and hostile state actors.
It is consequently vital that lessons are learned to ensure that an incident like this does not happen again, and I welcome the announcement of a full investigation.
It is deeply concerning that the failure of a single piece of infrastructure has taken down the entire airport.
Heathrow is connected to three substations, and while two were impacted, the third was running and had enough capacity—thought to be around 72 MW—to power the whole of Heathrow, which requires a little more than 40 MW.
It is evident that Heathrow’s power set-up could not be swiftly reconfigured to allow the third substation to be used.
We need to understand why that was, and whether it could be remedied in future.
While Heathrow claims that it is normal for airports not to have sufficient back-up capacity to power all of their needs, other industries that require even more power than Heathrow—such as data centres—take more robust steps to ensure they have sufficient back-up systems to counter such failures.
Should our key international transport hub not have the same safeguards?
We must also not forget those whose journeys were disrupted.
It is estimated that over 200,000 passengers have been impacted by the event.