What are the Secretary of State’s views on this act of solidarity?
That is just not accurate.
There is a new proposal for a strategy from the European Union, and it has opportunities for third countries such as the UK to participate.
Our discussions demonstrate the importance of the UK being able to collaborate industrially and as a Government to meet the threats we face.
Does the Secretary of State agree that when we discuss procurement and British-made weapons, we also need to consider our responsibilities and legal duties in relation to the issuing of arms licences?
Does he agree that now is the time to talk about ending all arms sales to Israel?
We keep all our arms exports constantly under review.
We have made decisions on a limited number of exports in relation to Israel.
That position of keeping things under review continues, but we have no plans at this stage to make any change.
Staff Sergeant Peter Cluff died in February 2016, with an in-service designation to that death.
His widow, Kirsty, and his children, Meredith and Heather, were in the benefit of the armed forces pension scheme and remain so.
However, the scheme made a miscalculation and have sent debt collectors to them to try to recover a fairly small sum.
I asked about the matter three months ago and have not had a response from the Department.
Will the Secretary of State or one of his Ministers meet me to discuss this unedifying advert for the Ministry of Defence?
That is a truly harrowing story.
I will absolutely take that on, and we will meet straight after this and get it solved.
The recent report “A Dark Shadow” shone a light on the link between sexual assault and suicidal ideation in the military community.
I was therefore pleased to see the announcement from the MOD last week about the removal of sexual harassment investigations from the chain of command—something for which campaigners and survivors have campaigned for such a long time.
They are also keen to have reassurance, however.
Will the Minister confirm that this is not a continuation of the previous Government’s failed efforts, but a step change in making the process truly independent?
This absolutely is a step change.
A tri-service complaints system, removed from the single services, has been called for for a long time.
We have taken decisive action to do that, and it will move things in the right direction.
Combine that with the violence against women and girls taskforce, and we are double-tapping to ensure that we have the best support for women and, indeed, anyone else in the armed forces.
Concerns have been growing over China’s aggression in the Indo-Pacific region.
Given the strategic importance of the Taiwan strait to global security, what has been the Department’s response to those rising tensions?
We are certainly of the view that any difficulties in the Taiwan strait should be resolved diplomatically, without the use of force or coercion.
The United Kingdom will deploy our carrier strike group to the Indo-Pacific later this year as a projection of our responsibility to the region and to make it clear that difficulties are best resolved diplomatically.
On Friday I was pleased to join colleagues from across the House to hear the Royal Marines band service in concert as part of the Mountbatten festival of music.
May I invite the Government to reaffirm their commitment to the Royal Marines band service?
It makes a huge contribution to defence diplomacy and combat operations.
That is a great question.
The Royal Marine band service is the best band service in our armed forces, and it is absolutely safe under our watch.
It provides a fantastic influence opportunity, as well as essential military services outside the musical profession.