I hope that he sees a UK Government who are stepping up to provide stronger support for Ukraine, co-ordinating allies to do more, stepping up on European security, and above all stepping up on defence spending.
I call Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
We support the Government’s commitment to strengthening defence ties with our European partners, but they need to go further and faster to ensure that the UK does not get left behind.
Has the Defence Secretary spoken with his counterparts in the EU about the value of the new stand-alone UK-EU defence pact, which will enable the UK to better influence decisions around new finance programmes, such as a rearmament bank to support defence investment across Europe?
Yes.
Last week I met with High Representative Kallas and spoke with Commissioner Kubilius, and that was exactly the subject of our conversations.
What discussions he has had with his European counterparts on the joint expeditionary force.
The UK is fully committed to the joint expeditionary force.
I discussed the JEF on my visits to Denmark, Latvia, Finland, Lithuania and the Netherlands last month.
I meet regularly with the JEF partners’ defence attachés, including last week.
I thank the Minister for his answer.
Clearly we have a particularly good relationship with the countries that make up the joint expeditionary force.
The Minister and I have completed the armed forces parliamentary scheme and were both plunged into the snowdrifts in Norway at Bardufoss.
Some of the kit that the Norwegians had was particularly impressive, as I am sure the Minister would agree.
Could I press him on what work we can do with the countries in the joint expeditionary force on procurement, design and perhaps development of equipment?
Just to clarify for the House, they were different snowdrifts at different times—otherwise there could be stories!
The more procurement we can do with our allies, the better—not only in how interoperable the equipment will be but in its interchangeability.
With P-8s, F-35s and potentially Type 26 frigates being shared by common nations in the High North, there is a huge opportunity to work together more closely, creating more jobs and more effective deterrents against Russian aggression.
What steps his Department is taking to help prepare cadets for potential careers in the armed forces.
I have visited multiple cadet units all over the country and have been truly astounded at the social mobility that the cadets provides for a whole range of young people.
We have over 140,000 cadets at the moment, supported by 26,000 volunteers.
We are doing everything we can to look to expand those programmes over time and ensure that the opportunity is available for everybody, from every walk of life.
In my new role as the chair of the British Shooting Sports Council, I take a keen interest in cadet target rifle shooting.
The Minister will be aware that the Ministry of Defence is proposing to withdraw from service the 7.62 cadet target rifle from 2026, and the .22 rifle just two years later.
Aside from depriving cadets from the opportunity to learn the highly disciplined and valuable skills of firearms safety and use, the proposal calls into question the future of target rifle shooting in the UK.
Will the Minister meet me and representatives of the shooting and target rifle community to discuss opportunities to reverse this decision?
I will happily come and talk through that in due course.
I have been in the military for 24 years and have spent a lot of time shooting, and I can see its benefits.
What steps he is taking to ensure small and medium enterprises are able to participate in defence procurement contracts.
SMEs can help us make defence an engine for growth in all our nations and regions.
I want far more involvement from SMEs in our procurement, providing agility, innovation and resilience as we seek to ramp up our industrial production.