Absolutely.
We live in incredibly difficult times, which is why this Government are meeting the moment with increased defence spending and the biggest reform of our defence in 50 years.
We are investing in new technologies, and investing in the people who keep our country safe.
From the most senior generals and admirals down to privates and sailors, we are giving all our armed forces a renewed determination to make sure they understand how we defend our country in its best interests, but also that the nation backs them in defending our country.
There are further announcements to come, but let us all be in no doubt but that the whole House backs our armed forces and that we look forward to the further investment in defence that is coming.
I welcome the UK’s leadership on this issue.
The proposed AQUIND interconnector raises serious concerns about the security of UK undersea infrastructure, particularly given the significant political donations made by its owners to various Conservative politicians.
Further to the question asked by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Slough (Mr Dhesi) , will the Minister confirm that protecting domestic security will be a central focus of the SDR?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his question.
I recently met a cross-party delegation, including the Labour MPs for Portsmouth—my hon.
Friends the Members for Portsmouth North (Amanda Martin) and for Portsmouth South (Stephen Morgan)—and the Conservative MP for Fareham,  the right hon.
and learned Member for Fareham and Waterlooville (Suella Braverman) , to talk about the AQUIND interconnector.
It is part of a planning decision being taken by the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero, so it is difficult for me to comment on, but let me be absolutely clear that we take defending our underwater infrastructure very seriously, and we will continue to make decisions that support its defence.
What steps he is taking to protect female members of the armed forces from sexual harassment.
Over the last 24 years, I have had the absolute privilege of working with amazing servicewomen across the armed forces, and also with women in the police, the NHS and, of course, our intelligence service.
There is no place for unacceptable behaviours in defence—absolutely no place at all—and the women who choose to serve deserve better.
This Government are taking action.
Just last week, I announced the launch of the long called for tri-service complaints unit, which will sit outside the chain of command.
The single services will therefore not be  able to, nor be perceived to be able to, mark their own homework.
I am working across Government, in particular with the Under-Secretary of State for Justice, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Pontypridd (Alex Davies-Jones) , and the Under-Secretary of State for the Home Department, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham Yardley (Jess Phillips) , on setting up a defence violence against women and girls taskforce.
Just two weeks ago, I met the Women’s Network, and I have also sat on the Raising our Standards panel of those from across trade and other organisations, the purpose of which is to really criticise us and pull forward any lessons learned from broader society.
I thank the Minister for his response, and for the work he has done.
The 2024 armed forces continuous attitude survey reported that 13% of female personnel had experienced sexual harassment in service during the prior 12 months, and many women have said they would not report an incident due to fear of the consequences.
The recently announced tri-service scheme is welcome, but what steps is he taking to make it genuinely independent to ensure women’s confidence in the scheme and their safety while serving in the armed forces?
There are two principal elements.
The tri-service complaints system sits outside the chain of command, and when certain issues hit a threshold, they will be taken away from the single services, so the system will be completely independent.