In particular, how are they encouraging and supporting companies such as Pargat Housewares in my constituency, which is a private, ethnic minority-owned business and one of the UK’s largest producers of pots, pans and bakeware using advanced and extremely energy-efficient techniques?
My hon.
Friend is right that SMEs are often the drivers of productivity and innovation.
We recently announced that we will be setting targets for an increasing share of defence contracts to go to SMEs, alongside the formation of a new defence innovation office.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
If our forces go to Ukraine, it will be as part of a peacekeeping mission, but, as the Veterans Minister reminded us earlier, Operation Banner was also described as peacekeeping, yet decades later those who served are being hounded in our courts.
Our soldiers in Iraq were subjected to hundreds of vexatious claims.
If our forces go to Ukraine, will the Secretary of State consider a derogation from the European convention on human rights so as to maximise our protection against possible lawfare?
If we go into Ukraine, we will be going into a negotiated peace, not a shooting war.
Our aim is to secure borders, to ensure safe skies and to ensure safe seas.
Is the hon.
Gentleman saying that he will not support a UK mission and UK troops without that derogation?
Of course not.
The Secretary of State knows perfectly well that the Labour Government derogated from the ECHR after 9/11, and a country in Europe has derogated from the ECHR since 2015.
That country is Ukraine, and that is because there is a war on.
Surely he recognises that, even if it is a peacekeeping force, there will still be threats, and Russian nationals have been particularly adept at lawfare in our own courts.
Surely he will at least consider giving the maximum protection to our armed forces from vexatious claims by derogating from the ECHR if there is a deployment.
Our armed forces will always have our fullest support.
Just to be clear to the hon.
Gentleman, we, alongside France, are putting together a coalition of the willing, responding to the challenge from the US for Europe to step up on Ukraine.
We are responding to the requirement from Ukraine for security arrangements that will give it the conviction and confidence that any negotiated peace will last.
That is a worthy mission, and it is one that the UK is leading.
I hope that it has the support of both sides of the House.
Our troops must be able to trust the body armour that they wear to keep them safe.
Will the Minister for the Armed Forces update the House on how withdrawing cracked enhanced combat body armour is going and on when everyone in our forces can expect to know that their body armour is safe?
I fully agree with my hon.
Friend and, on something as fundamental as body armour, we back our troops.
I ordered immediate action to replace ECBA on the frontline, flying new body armour to units worldwide.
Rapid testing of plates is under way.
Our people should know that their safety matters to the Government, and we will act to keep them safe.
Last week, it was announced that the SNP Government are sending more shipbuilding contracts abroad.
Seven CalMac ferries that could be constructed on the Clyde will instead be built in Poland.
Will the Minister share how many warships the United Kingdom Government are currently building in Scotland?
As the hon.
Gentleman will probably know, Type 31s are being built at Rosyth and Type 26s are being built at Govan.
We have got a programme for eight at Govan, and five so far at Rosyth—that is the current number.
As you know all too well, Mr Speaker, Lancashire has a proud defence manufacturing pedigree at the cutting edge of our British sovereign capability—you think manufacturing and you think Lancashire.