We are incredibly proud of our veterans in Peterborough.
Will the Minister join me in recognising the work of Councillor Jason McNally, our armed forces champion, and his predecessor, Councillor John Fox, and tell us what more the Government can do to help them to support more people signing up to the armed forces covenant?
I thank my hon.
Friend for highlighting two amazing individuals who I imagine are putting a huge number of hours into supporting the veterans community and the armed forces community.
The covenant will come into law in 2026, and when it does, we need to ensure that those armed forces champions understand what it provides at local level and can harness its benefits for the whole of the armed forces.
The Hawk aircraft, most famous in the scarlet livery of the Red Arrows, is at the end of its service life.
Can Ministers explain what steps they are taking to ensure that we replace it with a British-built sovereign capability?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to say that Hawk is due to be out of service in the early 2030s.
We are taking steps to consider what the alternatives might be, and we of will course consider any UK options that exist.
I cannot tell him what the answer to that is yet, but it is under active consideration.
Those who bravely serve in our forces should never lose their say in our country’s future, so I welcome the Government’s swift action to introduce the ability to use the veterans ID card as voter ID.
May I ask the Minister what plans there are to ensure that veterans around the country are aware of this important change?
The veterans ID card is a fantastic initiative that has now been rolled out for most veterans.
We have thousands of applications a week and will continue to endeavour to ensure that they get delivered in the most timely and effective manner.
Anybody who is interested in veterans’ welfare issues or the services available should go to the gov.uk website and type in “veterans support”, and there will be a plethora of different avenues for them to unlock.
Mid Norfolk is a proud rural and military constituency with many employees working at RAF Marham and Swanton Morley barracks, which is home to the Queen’s Dragoon Guards and many cadets and veterans.
A few  years ago, we managed to secure the extension of Swanton Morley barracks, which had been scheduled for closure.
Does the welcome defence surge mean that its closure, slated for 2031, might be reviewed?
I cannot give the hon.
Gentleman an answer right now, but I am certainly happy to look into it and meet him, if he wants a meeting, or write to him.
I have a number of nuclear veterans in my Na h-Eileanan an Iar constituency, as many colleagues do in their constituencies.
What steps are Ministers taking to meet veterans, acknowledge their service and deal with the consequences of their service and their exposure to nuclear material?
I have met nuclear test veterans from two of the main charities, and I will continue to do so regularly to ensure that there is continuity of engagement.
We have promised to do two things.
One is a full and thorough review of the records—not a stovepiped look, but a whole review.
That will take a bit of time, but we will do that in a thorough manner.
The second is consistent engagement to ensure that people are informed of our progress.
President Macron has blocked British firms from the new EU defence fund.
What are the Secretary of State’s views on this act of solidarity?
That is just not accurate.
There is a new proposal for a strategy from the European Union, and it has opportunities for third countries such as the UK to participate.