We have extended national insurance contributions relief from April 2026 for employers who recruit veterans.
On top of that, this Government have awarded £3.7 million in veterans housing grants.
I am a firm believer that over the past 14 years we did not take enough responsibility for supporting our veterans, and plans that we will unveil in the future will take a step in the right direction to improving that.
I recently visited the Heyford and Bicester veterans group in my constituency, which was set up by Ian Ridley to support fellow veterans throughout the region.
This fantastic initiative brings together a range of services from charities, the NHS and local authorities to support veterans.
However, when speaking to Ian, I was amazed to discover that the group receives no funding from the MOD, and that veterans in our region are not signposted to its services when they leave the armed forces.
I therefore invite the Minister to visit the group with me and see the work that it does, so that we can discuss how to make it more routine for services such as those that it offers to be made available to our fantastic veterans.
I thank all the people, most of whom are probably volunteers, who are supporting veterans in the hon.
Member’s constituency.
Two days ago I visited another tri-service veterans hub that is delivering, I think, exactly the same types of services.
We often find that while there is a great deal support out there, it is difficult for veterans to navigate the process of finding the right place, and we are working on plans to help them with that.
Harrogate is a proud armed forces town and the location of the Army Foundation College, and Menwith Hill and Catterick are nearby.
North Yorkshire as a whole plays an important part for our armed forces.
Veterans in my constituency have told me that they often move back there after postings throughout their careers, but they then have problems accessing housing through the local authority.
What conversations is the Minister having with local government colleagues to ensure that local authorities have a better understanding of how to listen to what veterans say about the adaptations they need?
As the hon.
Member knows very well, access to social and affordable housing is a severe problem across the country.
We work with many councils, explaining to them the covenant as a whole and the need for veterans to be fast-tracked.
Op Fortitude is a prime example: there have been 3,000 referrals, and 825 veterans have been put into housing in a relatively short time.
I would like to connect the hon.
Member with that operation to ensure that we can point any veterans who need such support in the right direction.
I visited Richard, a veteran, in his home, provided by the Derventio Housing Trust.
The trust, based in Derby, offers homes for people without them, including those who have served in our armed forces.
Volunteers from Derventio recently renovated a house in the city specifically for veterans.
Does the Minister agree that such support is vital, and will he tell us what the Government are doing to help with the provision of housing, care and support for our veterans in need?
I congratulate the individuals in that trust on supporting the veterans in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
I have visited many different parts of the UK and observed the phenomenal volunteer support that veterans often have to rely on.
We want to establish a structure that will focus that support and also direct veterans to the help that they need more quickly and effectively, and we will unveil our plans in due course.