The recently announced tri-service scheme is welcome, but what steps is he taking to make it genuinely independent to ensure women’s confidence in the scheme and their safety while serving in the armed forces?
There are two principal elements.
The tri-service complaints system sits outside the chain of command, and when certain issues hit a threshold, they will be taken away from the single services, so the system will be completely independent.
The second is the violence against women and girls taskforce that we have created, which will work directly to me.
It will be a small team at my level, but it will have tentacles right down into the single services.
It will provide a safe space for women to go to if they want to raise an issue or a complaint, which can then be transferred into the complaints system or, indeed, in parallel all the way up to me so that I can take action directly.
I thank the Minister, and I welcome the measures announced last week.
My constituents in Monmouthshire and people across Wales would be interested to hear more from the Minister about the new violence against women and girls taskforce, and the regional and national champions.
How will they ensure that everyone who serves in the armed forces can do so in safety?
I refer my hon.
Friend to my answer to the last question.
The violence against women and girls taskforce is taking best practice from the rest of Government and ensuring that it is replicated in defence, but it is actually going one step further and putting a structure in place.
As I always say, I was very young when I joined the Marines, and I was caught up in this hierarchical situation.
Where do you go to make a complaint?
You don’t actually have anywhere to go to make a complaint.
The taskforce will provide a safe space, so that if people want to pop out of the chain of command to highlight a concern, it can be elevated quickly and dealt with rapidly.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I welcome the creation of the violence against women and girls taskforce, which is an important step towards enabling complaints to be heard and addressed outside the chain  of command, and I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Glastonbury and Somerton (Sarah Dyke)  for raising this important issue.
Like the taskforce, the Government have committed to a new veterans strategy focusing specifically on the experience of women who have left the service.
Will the Minister outline the timescale for the development and implementation of that strategy, given how vital it is that women come and serve in the armed forces, and that they feel safe and secure in doing so?
As part of our future veterans strategy, a women veterans annexe will provide specific guidance on females wanting to leave the armed forces.
It is also important to mention that we are not just setting up the violence against women and girls taskforce; we have the sexual harassment survey going out, the tri-service complaints system, the review of our zero-tolerance policy by a KC to move to 100% action, an international culture and behaviours conference to learn best lessons from our international partners, and the modernisation of our military appraisal system to ensure that people who get involved in unacceptable behaviour are tracked through the system so they can be held to account.
What discussions he has had with his NATO counterparts on increasing defence industrial capacity across the alliance.
The Defence Secretary raised this issue at the meeting of all NATO Defence Ministers in February and has held a number of discussions with NATO allies since, including with the US Secretary of Defence and in meetings with joint expeditionary force and E5 allies.
European allies are stepping up within NATO, and the UK is leading efforts to increase defence spending and expand defence industrial capacity.