That is a great question.
The Royal Marine band service is the best band service in our armed forces, and it is absolutely safe under our watch.
It provides a fantastic influence opportunity, as well as essential military services outside the musical profession.
The Defence Secretary should know that the whole House supports the Government’s actions to preserve peace in Ukraine, but that was not the point that the shadow Secretary of State was making.
He was asking whether the Ministry of Defence recognises that it has a duty of care towards soldiers who fight for their country and then face decades of lawfare and the misuse of the European convention on human rights.
Will the Ministry do something to protect those soldiers?
I say to the right hon.
Gentleman that we are totally committed to our duty of care and to standing by our forces.
We also recognise that the previous Government put in place legislation—the Overseas Operations (Service Personnel and Veterans) Act 2021—to deal with any concerns in this place.
Drug-resistant infections have been rising in Ukraine and remain a challenge in treating wounded soldiers and getting them back to the frontline.
Such infections have also spread outside Ukraine and into Europe.
In the context of conflict, what steps are the Minister and the Department taking to ensure that antimicrobial resistance is appropriately considered in the national security strategy?
It is important that we meet the threats we face, which are not just from state actors but relate to a range of issues.
I would be very happy to meet the hon.
Lady to discuss her interest in this topic further.
This afternoon I was contacted by the father of Theodore, who lives in Grayshott in my constituency.
Theodore wants to go to the Army Foundation College in Harrogate in September, but Capita has not sent the request for his medical record to his local surgery.
Will the Minister look in general at how Capita is performing, and will he ensure in particular that Theodore can attend the foundation college in September?
I commend Theodore for his interest in attending Harrogate.
If the hon.
Gentleman writes to me, I will happily to look into it.
As he will know, Capita is not continuing the Army recruitment work.
It is being replaced by a new tri-service offer that will come online in 2027.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I wish to make a statement regarding the power outage, caused by a substation fire, that impacted on Heathrow airport operations on  Friday 21 March .
I begin by acknowledging the disruption to everyone affected by this incident.
Many homes, schools and businesses temporarily lost power, some families have had to evacuate their homes, and many thousands have had their travel plans impacted.
I thank the firefighters and emergency responders who worked in difficult conditions to put the fire out, as well as Heathrow, the National Grid and all the other public services involved for working so hard to get power back on and people back travelling again.
This was an unprecedented event, and we must learn any and all lessons we can to ensure that it does not recur.
Let me begin by setting out what we currently know about the cause of the incident.
A large fire broke out at North Hyde substation at 11.30 pm on  Thursday 20 March , and was brought under control the following day.
Due to the impacts, Heathrow airport announced at 4.30 am on Friday that it would close until midnight that day.
Power was restored to domestic customers in a matter of hours, after the operator of the local distribution network, Scottish and Southern Electricity Networks, redistributed power through other parts of the network.
By comparison, Heathrow is one of the country’s biggest consumers of electricity and requires as much power as a small city.