What steps he is taking to strengthen the UK’s defences against threats to undersea infrastructure.
We are committed to maintaining and enhancing the security and resilience of critical undersea infrastructure.
Just as the Defence Secretary called out the activities of the Russian spy ship Yantar hovering over our undersea cables, let those who threaten the UK or our allies be in no doubt that we will defend our undersea infrastructure.
This is one area that the strategic defence review is looking at in order to enhance our homeland security.
In January, I asked the Defence Secretary which single Minister is responsible for the security of offshore infrastructure.
We know that Russia and China target interconnectors and undersea cables, we know that Russia places listening devices on our wind turbines to monitor submarines, and we know that China controls the tech in the turbines that the Energy Secretary wants to buy.
The Defence Secretary could not answer me in January, and neither did the Prime Minister when I asked him earlier this month.
When are we going to find out who is actually in charge?
There is no doubt in my mind that the Prime Minister is responsible for the security of this nation, and he delegates different areas to different Departments.
That is a completely normal way of dealing with our national security.
Let us be absolutely clear: within Defence, we take this seriously and we work with colleagues across Departments to make sure that we are not only securing our infrastructure from a defence perspective, but using our trade routes to make sure that we are protecting and buying the right technology and using our planning system to make sure that, where there is development, it does not impinge on our national security.
The Minister will be well aware that 99% of internet traffic is carried on undersea cables.
Clearly the Russians and other enemies would seek to disrupt that, so will the Minister look at utilising autonomous minesweepers that could be deployed to protect our undersea cables?
In particular, will he commit to looking at introducing them in the Black sea, if there is a truce between Russia and Ukraine, so that those cables are protected as well?
That is part of the NATO infrastructure.
The hon.
Gentleman is right that subsea fibre-optic cables carry about 99% of our data—many people believe it is satellites, but it is cables.
As a country we are investing in new technologies and I expect that, as we get further towards the time when the defence review is published, he will see the ambition we have as a Government to invest more in autonomous systems, not only to support undersea cable protection, but to deal with the threat of Russian submarines and other capability, and other threats to our nations.
We will ensure that we invest in our defence capabilities and in supporting those people who serve as well.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
With escalating threats to our critical infrastructure, I was concerned by reports over the weekend that our armed forces chiefs are apparently being gagged over the upcoming strategic defence review, which has been described by some as “limp”.
I am fully aware that, recognising the dangers,  the Government have announced the largest increase in defence spending since the end of the second world war, but at this critical time we certainly should not be sidelining our service chiefs or penny-pinching on our nation’s defence.
Would the Minister like to take this opportunity to reassure the nation that our strategic defence review, when published, will be bold, ambitious and anything but limp?
Absolutely.
We live in incredibly difficult times, which is why this Government are meeting the moment with increased defence spending and the biggest reform of our defence in 50 years.
We are investing in new technologies, and investing in the people who keep our country safe.