What discussions he has had with his NATO counterparts on increasing defence industrial capacity across the alliance.
The Defence Secretary raised this issue at the meeting of all NATO Defence Ministers in February and has held a number of discussions with NATO allies since, including with the US Secretary of Defence and in meetings with joint expeditionary force and E5 allies.
European allies are stepping up within NATO, and the UK is leading efforts to increase defence spending and expand defence industrial capacity.
I concur with my hon.
Friend  the Member for South Suffolk (James Cartlidge)  that it is deeply disappointing that France has blocked European Union countries from allowing SAFE—Security Action for Europe—funds to be used for the procurement of British weapons.
With that in mind, what has the Minister done to ensure that actions are being taken to guarantee a multilateral, NATO-wide procurement strategy, with the UK at its centre?
I have met a number of my equivalents bilaterally, but it is important to say that we welcome the ReArm initiative and that it is in all our interests for SAFE to allow member states to partner with the UK.
We will continue to emphasise the need for EU defence financing and wider defence industrial initiatives to include third countries like the UK.
As my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State said in answer to an earlier question, we want to conclude a UK-EU defence and security pact that will give us access to that scheme.
I thank the Minister for her response.
Last week, the Defence Committee met the Chief of the General Staff, who highlighted the challenges of supporting our troops in Estonia.
I highlighted the Rail Baltica project, which received significant funding from the EU’s Connecting Europe Facility and NATO, and which  links my constituency, via High Speed 1, right through to the Baltics using British steel.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss supporting the expansion of HS1 capacity, as it is the type of opportunity that would support growth within our defence industrial capacity, improve our deterrence and increase our commitment to our European allies, while bringing high quality jobs to east London?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
As I hope hon.
Members from around the House are starting to realise, if I am asked for a meeting my general answer is yes.
I am very happy to meet him.
What steps he is taking to increase recruitment to the armed forces.
We inherited a broken recruitment system from the Conservatives.
We promised to take steps to fix it and we are: the largest pay increase in 20 years for those who serve; a 35% pay increase for recruits; the scrapping of over 100 outdated medical practices; the creation of a new direct entry cyber-pathway; a conditional offer within 10 days of applying; a training start date within 30 days; and the announcement of a new tri-service recruitment scheme to attract the very best to our armed forces.
I thank the Minister for his response.
My constituency has a proud military history.
Given the need to expand our armed forces, how can we help a new generation of young people in Dartford to access highly skilled and rewarding careers across all the armed forces?
Not only is a career in our armed forces good for a young person; it also offers training opportunities, with each of our single services appearing in the top five apprentice employers—the very best in our country.
A career in the defence industry is also good for our young people.
The ability to move between regular, reserve and industry more frequently and more easily not only secures the national defence of our country and provides more opportunities for our young people, but means that defence can be an even better and bigger engine for growth.
Those are the proposals we will be coming forward with in due course.