Should we not also carry out a wider review of the monopoly held by the operators of hotels at Heathrow and the lack of competition among airlines coming into Heathrow?
I can categorically say that it would not be right for anyone or any business to capitalise on this disruption.
Whether airlines or hotels, I would expect organisations to be doing everything they can to support travellers who have been disrupted by this incident.
The Secretary of State’s statement underlines why it is important to avoid speculation in the immediate aftermath of a critical incident such as this.
Can she reassure the House that if any systematic risks are identified that potentially affect other major airports, there will be a co-ordinated response?
If any such issues are identified at regional and local airports, will Members of this House in proximity to those airports be kept informed?
I am happy to give my hon.
Friend that assurance.
I thank the Secretary of State for her answers.
Of course, this is not the first time there has been a problem with Heathrow.
Back in August 2023, UK air traffic control problems caused chaos.
In July ’24, faulty software caused chaos again.
We are always hoping that Heathrow is getting better.
After the incident in the early hours of last Friday morning, 290,000 passengers—I was one of them, by the way—found themselves stuck somewhere in a queue.
That includes many of my constituents, and they had trouble getting home, too.
They have been contacting me over the weekend to tell me their stories.
The incident poses questions about whether the current operators are capable of running a third runway, if this fire caused a complete shutdown.
Reports indicate that complete closure was not required.
Confidence in travelling and in Heathrow are at an all-time low among my constituents and others.
Has the Secretary of State made Heathrow officials aware of the need to ensure that contingency plans are not simply notes on paper, but actions to take during a crisis?
What has been their response to allay fears caused by the turmoil of last weekend?
I do not think anyone underestimates the distress and disruption that this incident caused.
Having spoken directly with Heathrow’s chief executive on a number of occasions, I know that he is fully aware of that.
This is an unprecedented event of significant magnitude.
Day in, day out, Heathrow successfully provides services to hundreds of thousands of passengers and businesses.
While it is right that we do everything we can to interrogate the causes of this incident and learn any lessons, I believe that Heathrow airport can continue to be a trusted partner for Government in the longer term.
The power outage, which had such a significant effect on Heathrow and its immediate surroundings, has raised real concerns about resilience and back-up in our energy system for major infrastructure projects and sites.
The Government have plans for a significant expansion of our clean energy electricity networks, so can the Secretary of State say to what extent the Government will build into their clean power plans the greater resilience and back-up that this worrying example at Heathrow has emphasised are so badly needed?
I can confidently say that as we transition to clean power, resilience will remain key in the delivery of our power network.
I do not think that anything changes as a result of our determination to move to clean power, but I am happy to continue discussions with colleagues in the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero to make sure that that is the case.
I call the Father of the House.
Following that last question, can the Secretary of State give us an absolute assurance that nothing in our drive towards green energy and net zero will ever affect the sustainability and safety of our vital transport systems?
I can give the right hon.
Gentleman that assurance.