Should our key international transport hub not have the same safeguards?
We must also not forget those whose journeys were disrupted.
It is estimated that over 200,000 passengers have been impacted by the event.
However, under current regulations, most of those passengers will not be eligible for compensation.
As such, I have three questions for the Secretary of State.
First, what impact, if any, will this incident have on the Government’s plans for expansion at Heathrow?
Can the national grid infrastructure cope with a third runway, or will the airport become more prone to failure?
Secondly, does the Secretary of State believe that UK airports should be taking steps to  increase their back-up capacity, in order to ensure that an incident like this does not happen again?
Thirdly, does she believe that the current regulations around passenger compensation are sufficient?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his questions.
The question of Heathrow expansion and this very rare—unprecedented—event are two entirely separate issues.
He will be aware that the Government have invited Heathrow to bring forward proposals for a third runway, and we will review the airports national policy statement after that.
With regard to back-up capacity at airports, I am told that the back-up power systems at Heathrow operated as they should have done during this incident—they did not fail.
I do not want to come to knee-jerk conclusions as a result of this unprecedented incident, but we will be looking very closely at the two reviews I mentioned in my statement.
I have also worked with the Civil Aviation Authority to ensure that passengers who have been affected by this disruption are aware of their rights.
Heathrow is in my constituency, as is the substation that caught fire, so I join other Members in thanking the firefighters who worked so hard to get this incident under control so quickly and at some risk.
I also thank the police and the council officers who helped to evacuate 150 of my constituents from their homes.
I was there on the day and met some of the residents, and I will be writing to them all so that we can pick up lessons from what they experienced on that day and build those lessons in.
Now that this site has gained such a high profile, there are concerns about its security for the future.
I would welcome some more detailed information coming out of the inquiry about how we will secure the site for the future, not just from accident but from potential attack.
My right hon.
Friend raises a fair point.
I will ensure that we provide that information to him once we have reviewed the different reports that are going to be published over the next couple of months.
The Secretary of State mentioned consumer rights.
Not only were Heathrow customers delayed and disrupted, but they were ripped off, with huge hikes for alternative flights, car hire and hotels.
Is it not time that the Government brought forward robust anti-price-gouging legislation?
In fairness to the Secretary of State and Labour Front Benchers, I also asked the previous Government, who did absolutely zero on this issue as well. [
Laughter.]
It is true, and I think we saw the result of that in many other ways.
On behalf of the British consumer and international consumers, many of whom have been ripped off through no fault of their own as a result of this incident, is it not time that for new legislation?
Should we not also carry out a wider review of the monopoly held by the operators of hotels at Heathrow and the lack of competition among airlines coming into Heathrow?
I can categorically say that it would not be right for anyone or any business to capitalise on this disruption.
Whether airlines or hotels, I would expect organisations to be doing everything they can to support travellers who have been disrupted by this incident.