I thank my hon.
Friend for his speech and for highlighting the gaps that exist in local government.
I am sure he will recognise that, as the Local Government Association and the National Housing Federation have said, only 80% of local authorities have the capacity at the moment—in fact, it could be far less.
Does he agree that that is a real concern?
I refer hon.
Members to my entry in the register of interests.
At his first Prime Minister’s Question Time in July last year, I asked the Prime Minister to reassure my constituents that they would have a meaningful say over the new development in the green belt in their area.
He said that the Government “will work with communities”—but this Bill could not be further from that promise.
We are seeing housing targets go through the roof in rural areas, as green-belt protections are removed.
In my local councils of East Herts and Broxbourne, the targets are going up by more than 20% and within Broxbourne district specifically they are almost doubling.
The loss of protections for unrestricted sprawl around the villages I represent is extremely worrying for my constituents who live in those villages of Brickenden, Hertford Heath, Great Amwell, Stanstead Abbotts and St Margarets, as their unique character and historical charm could be lost forever.
At the same time, targets are going down in London, where there is the infrastructure to cope.
The plans do not add up.
There is something in this Bill on which I can agree with the Government: the explanatory notes state that limited infrastructure delivery is a real cost on the lives of working people.
I completely agree.
It is far too common for new housing to be built without the increase in public service capacity to match.
The Comptroller of His Majesty’s Household reported to the House, That the Address of  4 March , praying that His Majesty will re-appoint Dame Elan Closs Stephens as an Electoral Commissioner with effect from  13 March 2025  for the period ending on  12 March 2027 , was presented to His Majesty, who was graciously pleased to comply with the request.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps he is taking to improve housing for military personnel and their families.
What steps he is taking to improve the quality of accommodation for service families.
On behalf of the House, I would like to mark the passing of Group Captain John “Paddy” Hemingway, the last surviving battle of Britain pilot—one of those strikingly few brave young men who turned the tide of the war and kept our nation safe from Nazi invasion.
The fire sale of military family homes by Conservative Ministers in 1996 was probably the worst privatisation ever.
The Government were paying £600,000 a day to rent back the homes and then paying all the repair costs, with no power to plan or to do the major upgrades needed.
We bought back 36,000 forces homes in January, we started the defence housing review in February, and we aim to publish our housing plans in the summer.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for that response.
The men and women of our armed forces perform the ultimate public service.
They and their families make considerable sacrifices to keep all of us in the UK safe and secure.
Does he agree that the least we owe our servicemen and women is decent housing that they can proudly call home?
My hon.
Friend is right; the sacrifice that those who serve in uniform make to keep us all safe is exceptional.
The least that their families deserve is a decent home—it is, after all, the heart of all our lives.
The steps we have taken with the buy-back of the Annington homes is a decisive break with the past, and we will now put in place the necessary plans to upgrade forces family homes for the future.