It is right, and I think the whole House will think it is right, that Ukraine must be at the table at negotiations.
There can be no negotiations about Ukraine without Ukraine.
That has been my consistent position in all of the  discussions that I have had.
That will continue to be my position, because this is about the sovereignty of Ukraine and the Ukrainians’ ability to decide for themselves the future of their country, so they must be at the table.
I thank the Prime Minister for that answer, and as I said, I wish him every success.
We want to support him on this issue.
Turning to the details of the plan the Prime Minister set out yesterday, over the weekend I suggested to him that he cut the aid budget, and I am pleased that he accepted my advice—[Laughter.]
It is the fastest response I have ever had from the Prime Minister.
However, he announced £13.4 billion in additional defence spending yesterday.
This morning, his Defence Secretary said the uplift is only £6 billion.
Which is the correct figure?
I am going to have to let the Leader of the Opposition down gently: she did not feature in my thinking at all.
I was so busy over the weekend that I did not even see her proposal.
She has appointed herself the saviour of western civilisation; it is a desperate search for relevance.
If you take the numbers for this financial year and the numbers for the ’27-28 financial year, there is a £13.4 billion increase.
That is the largest sustained increase in defence spending since the cold war, and will put us in a position to ensure the security and defence of our country and of Europe.
That was not very clear.
How is it that the Defence Secretary says £6 billion, but the Prime Minister says £13.4 billion?
The Institute for Fiscal Studies has said the Government are playing “silly games with numbers”.
How has he found this difference in numbers?
We went through this two weeks ago, going over the same question again and again.
Let me say it again: if you take the financial year this year, and then you take the financial year for ’27-28, the difference between the two is £13.4 billion.
That is the same answer.
If she asks again, I will give the same answer again.
More!
I will decide when there is more.
Someone needs to tell the Prime Minister that being patronising is not a substitute for answering questions.
He has not answered the question.
What he has said is different from what he said yesterday.
We are still not clear where the money is coming from.
We want to support him.
He has also said that we should put British troops on the ground in Ukraine, but we have not seen the detail of any proposals.
Would his new spending plans allow him to fund that commitment effectively?
I think it is the same question again.
It is £13.4 billion—that is the difference between this year and ’27-28.
The Leader of the Opposition asks a serious question about the security guarantees in Ukraine.
That is extremely important, because the worst of all outcomes, if there is to be a cessation of hostilities, would be for it to be a short break, rather than a sustained and lasting peace.
That means there have to be security guarantees, and I have indicated that we will play our full part.
There has to be US backing; otherwise, I do not think it will deter Putin.
We are working on that.
I am having extensive discussions on it.
I am not in a position to put details before the House today, as she well knows, but I will continue down that route.
I want a lasting peace in Ukraine and Europe for the safety and security of Ukrainians, Europeans and, of course, everybody in this country.