Their disgraceful mercenary behaviour put profit before people and exploited the regulatory regime to evade accountability, with fatal consequences.
To my disgust and their shame, some have shown little remorse and have refused even to help fix the building safety crisis that they did so much to create.
Companies must be held to account for their role in Grenfell.
The Parliamentary Secretary, Cabinet Office is announcing today that she will use new powers under the Procurement Act 2023 to investigate Arconic, Kingspan, Saint-Gobain as the owner of Celotex at the time and other organisations.
I expect swift, decisive action and will ensure that progress is reported.
But we must do more to make sure that the right rules are in place.
To this day, critical gaps persist in how construction products are regulated.
Only with rigorous reform will we transform the culture that allowed the tragedy to happen.
To achieve that, we are also publishing today a construction products reform Green Paper.
It will help us to cut out the rot in the sector and allow competence to take root.
Safety will come first and a culture of responsibility will prevail.
We will celebrate those who lead the way, and those who fall short will suffer the consequences.
In the future, rogue companies will be held to account.
Our Green Paper sets out our ideas for prison time for executives who break the rules and unlimited fines where safety is put at risk.
We will do whatever it takes.
Across the sector, there is appetite for change.
That change is overdue, and we will lead it.
I pay tribute to the enduring resilience and resolve of the bereaved families, the survivors and the members of the immediate community.
Their campaigning has seen new legislation passed, which members of this Government supported, that has made our public realm more secure.
Everyone is safer thanks to the Building Safety Act 2022, which set new standards for the construction of residential buildings in England.
The Act introduced the Building Safety Regulator and provisions for high-risk buildings.
All people living in flats now know that the entrance doors, external walls and structure of their homes are in scope of fire risk assessments thanks to the Fire Safety Act 2021.
There are new duties for owners and managers of buildings and blocks of flats.
The Social Housing (Regulation) Act 2023 ensures that landlords are held to account.
I have challenged the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea to demonstrate how it has changed by becoming an exemplar landlord and local authority.
I will be keeping a close eye on its progress, and we will listen to its tenants to assess whether it has succeeded.
We are pushing ahead with the remediation acceleration plan to fix all buildings around the country that still have dangerous cladding, and where building owners fall short, we will act.
We are introducing regulations to improve the fire safety and evacuation of disabled and vulnerable residents in high-rise and higher-risk residential buildings.
As of  1 April , ministerial responsibilities for fire functions will move from the Home Office to my Department, in line with the inquiry’s recommendation that we bring responsibility for fire safety into a single Department.
People and their safety are front and centre of our inquiry response, but there remains a stark and terrible reality: the bereaved, the survivors and members of the Grenfell community are still waiting for the justice they need and deserve.
Justice must be done.
The ongoing Metropolitan police investigation is among the biggest it has ever undertaken, and the Met has the Government’s full support.
In September, the Prime Minister rightly said that this tragedy poses questions about what social justice means in Britain today, and whether the voices of working-class people, those with disabilities and those of colour are ignored and dismissed.
I am here to say that we will not be that country.