Gentleman heard my words on the acceleration of remediation and our action plan.
As I hope was reflected in my response, I agree entirely with his comments about commerciality not taking precedent or having any control over safety.
Safety must come first and this Government are committed to that.
I thank the Deputy Prime Minister for her statement today and the Prime Minister for his statement on  4 September , which made it clear that the lessons from Grenfell are central to this Government’s missions.
Today is another painful step towards truth, justice and change for the bereaved families of the 72 people who lost their lives at Grenfell, the survivors and the community in my constituency of Kensington and Bayswater, many of whom have joined us today.
I pay tribute again to their strength and resilience.
The fight for justice, now nearly eight years long, will continue after today, and every day, until we have criminal prosecutions and true accountability for those responsible, including those companies referenced in the inquiry report.
I know the Government have looked seriously at the inquiry recommendations, and I welcome the commitment to meaningful change across all of them, but too often recommendations from public inquiries fail to be implemented.
Indeed, if the lessons from previous fires had been learned, including at Lakanal House in 2009, then lives would have been saved—this was avoidable.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister assure me that the Government will consider a strong oversight mechanism to ensure accountability for implementing what has been set out today, so that it lasts beyond any one Government and leads to real change?
Will she also provide further detail on how she plans to ensure accountability for the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, given their culpability before, during and after the fire?
The council’s culture desperately needs to change and there needs to be an improvement in the quality of services in our community today.
I thank and pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for the way he has constructively challenged and worked with us on behalf of his constituents.
I know this report has great personal significance for his constituents, and I pay tribute to his dedicated work as an advocate in calling for truth, justice and change for the Grenfell community.
I agree that robust oversight of the Government’s implementation of the response is essential for this, and for all public inquiries.
The system needs to be improved and we are taking forward the inquiry’s recommendations on oversight.
We will create a publicly accessible record on gov.uk of recommendations made by public inquiries since 2024, and we will consider making that a legal requirement as part of a wider review of the inquiry’s framework.
On the Grenfell inquiry recommendations, my Department will publish quarterly progress updates on gov.uk until they have all been delivered.
We will report annually to Parliament to enable Members to scrutinise our progress and hold us to account.
On my hon.
Friend’s comments about the council, the council failed in some of its most fundamental duties to keep residents safe, to listen to their concerns and to respond effectively when disaster struck.
The council was right to apologise, but it is clear that more must be done.
I have welcomed the council’s commitment to improvement and culture change, and I have set my challenge to the leader of the council to ensure that those improvements are a reality felt by the council’s residents.
I will continue to engage and keep an eye on that progress.
I welcome the Secretary of State’s statement.
All our thoughts are with the victims and their families.
I know the Secretary of State will keep us up to date about the permanent memorial.
However, the big failure that she has not spoken about was the testing regime for the products that were put on Grenfell, and on buildings up and down the country.