Many of those cases will impact on the police.
Does the Secretary of State accept that that will mean a significant cost to the Police Service of Northern Ireland?
As the hon.
Gentleman is aware, the legacy legislation that the previous Government passed has been found to be flawed and unlawful in a number of respects, and it falls to this Government to clean up the mess that the last Government left.
I am in the process of consultation with many parties.
I have already indicated to the House the proposals that I put forward in the remedial order, and have said that I propose bringing legislation before the House when parliamentary time allows.
It is important that people are able to  pursue civil cases, and the ban on them by the last Government has been found to be unlawful.
Why should people in Northern Ireland not be entitled to an inquest?
My question was about the liability that the Police Service of Northern Ireland might be under following the Secretary of State’s decision.
Police numbers in Northern Ireland are at their lowest ever.
Two weeks ago, Policy Exchange estimated that the cost to the PSNI of the repeal of the legacy Act might well stretch to hundreds of millions of pounds.
If that is the case, will the Government step in to support the PSNI, or are they content to see a reduction in frontline policing and national security?
The Government have provided additional funding to the PSNI in the autumn statement through the additional security fund.
I have read the Policy Exchange report, and it contains a lot of speculation about numbers.
The fact remains that the legislation supported by the Government, of which the hon.
Gentleman was part, has not worked; it was flawed and found to be unlawful.
I am afraid that the Opposition will have to recognise that at some point, and it needs to be fixed.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Pharmacies in Northern Ireland are in a declared state of crisis.
Pharmacists are having to dip into their savings just to stay afloat, and they are cutting staff numbers and opening hours.
The National Pharmacy Association, which represents 6,500 community pharmacies, has warned that its members may have to further cut opening hours, halt home deliveries and reduce local support services, and that warning is amplified in Northern Ireland.
What conversations has the Secretary of State had with the Northern Ireland Executive to safeguard access to crucial pharmacy services across rural and urban regions?
Does he agree that an urgent impact assessment on pharmacy underfunding is required to highlight the scale of the crisis for community pharmacies, which provide vital-to-life services?
That issue did not figure in the discussions I had recently with the NI Health Minister, but I have no doubt that it will do so in the future, and I will take the matter up.
Many ministerial decisions are important in getting public services delivered, but so too is back-up by the civil service.
There is some concern about the level of expertise in the civil service in Northern Ireland.
In the inquiry into the renewable heat incentive, the permanent secretary admitted that the civil service was not able to give timely advice to Ministers, and had not given accurate advice.
What can the Secretary of State do to ensure that the gap that there appears to be in expertise in the civil service—because the Northern Ireland civil service is not integrated into the UK civil service—can be filled?
I have met many civil servants who are doing a very good job and are very committed to their work, but the Northern Ireland civil service is the responsibility of the Northern Ireland Executive and the Ministers in the Departments—it is not my responsibility to deal with.