Will the Prime Minister join me in wishing all Welsh citizens everywhere a very happy St David’s day on Saturday?
Will he also join me in welcoming the latest news of the £600 million investment by Copenhagen Infrastructure Partners to ensure that Bute Energy and Green GEN Cymru can take forward the bold ambition to achieve  100% green electricity production by 2035 in Wales, thus providing much-needed sustainable green jobs for the people of Wales?
I wish my hon.
Friend and her constituents a very happy St David’s day, and join her in welcoming the significant new investment in her constituency that will ensure good, well-paid skilled jobs and the transition to energy security and lower bills.
I know her constituency will play a vital role in that.
Does the Prime Minister agree that our biggest single foreign policy priority is the preservation of NATO with America at its heart?
If so, following his welcome announcement yesterday, is the next step to talk to our European allies and for all of us to agree to spend 3% of GDP on defence within a specified timescale, so we can look the President in the eye and say that Europe is finally pulling its weight on defence?
I agree with the right hon.
Gentleman entirely on the priority in terms of NATO.
Putin thought he could weaken NATO.
He has only made it stronger and larger.
NATO’s strength comes from the US, European partners and others working together, and that is absolutely the focus of my work at the moment.
It is right, as he says, that European countries, including the United Kingdom, need to do more on capability, co-ordination and defence spend.
That must be seen not as a project separate to NATO, but as part of an essential project that ensures NATO is there for decades and decades to come preserving the peace, just as it has been for 75 years.
The Grangemouth refinery closure has loomed over central Scotland since Petroineos’s announcement in November 2023.
Two weeks ago, Scottish Labour colleagues and I met the National Wealth Fund to make the case for investment in Grangemouth.
I strongly welcome the exceptional commitment that this Labour Government have shown to Grangemouth by committing £200 million from the National Wealth Fund.
Can I ask the Prime Minister what steps the Government will be taking to secure permanent good jobs at Grangemouth?
I thank my hon.
Friend for being such a great champion for Scotland and his constituency.
Grangemouth is really important to communities in Scotland and to the economy in Scotland.
It is not a charity case; it has incredible potential and huge opportunity.
That is why, at the weekend, I was pleased to announce £200 million from the National Wealth Fund to incentivise private investment.
That follows the £100 million in the growth deal that we announced earlier.
This is about securing jobs for decades to come in Grangemouth.
It is a really exciting opportunity and we intend to seize it.
I hope that His Excellency Mr Afrim Gashi, the Speaker of the Assembly of North Macedonia, enjoyed questions.
This Government accept that the final report of the Grenfell Tower inquiry must be the catalyst for long-lasting systemic change.
All Members of the House, past and present, will have shared my anger over its shocking findings.
The inquiry chair, Sir Martin Moore-Bick, and his dedicated team uncovered damning evidence of political, corporate and individual failings going back decades.
These led to the loss of 72 innocent lives, 18 of them children, on that terrible night in June 2017.
It was a deadly betrayal and a national tragedy that must never happen again.
I repeat today what the Prime Minister said in September to the bereaved families, the survivors and those in the immediate Grenfell community, some of whom are with us today in the Gallery: on behalf of the Government, the British state and those responsible, I am very sorry.