We certainly stand with Ukraine—I think I speak for the whole House when I say that.
As I set out yesterday, NATO is the bedrock of our security.
It has been our most important alliance for many, many years, and it is as important today as it has ever been.
We build that alliance by working with the US.
We have a special and deep relationship with the US—that is not just words, but to do with security, defence, and intelligence capability, which are vitally important for both sides—but we also work with our European allies.
It is that ability to work with the US and our European partners that has held the peace for so many years, and needs to hold the peace for many years to come.
I call the Leader of the SNP.
Prior to the election, the Labour party promised to reduce energy bills by £300, yet on its watch, energy bills are about to increase by almost £300.
Is the failure to keep that promise a consequence of Government incompetence, or has the Labour party been caught lying to the public?
We are very proud of the fact that we are pushing forward for energy independence, which will keep our bills lower.
The right hon.
Gentleman knows very well what my position is; however, I note again that he is very quiet on the SNP record, and I will tell hon.
Members why.
Just this week, we have seen the attainment gap widen in Scotland.
Numbers of pupils leaving schools with no qualifications rising; those from deprived areas going to work falling.
Instead of playing the politics of grievance, SNP Members need to take responsibility for their own record.
My constituent Mike Addison was one of a kind.
A physical disability rugby league world champion with England and Warrington Wolves and an avid volunteer for the club and foundation, he was a friend to everyone who knew him.
Tragically, he died at age 45, having taken his own life.
One death by suicide is too many, and every suicide is preventable.
However, Office for National Statistics data puts the rate in the north-west at more than double the rate in London, with a 17% increase last year.
Will the Prime Minister outline what more can be done, working across Government, to help Warrington meet our target of eliminating suicide?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that tragic case.
My thoughts, and I am sure those of the House, are with the family, friends and teammates of Mike at Warrington Wolves.
She is right  that one death by suicide is one too many and reducing the number is a vital part of our health mission.
We are recruiting an additional 8,500 mental health workers who are especially trained to support people at risk of suicide.
We are committed to taking forward the suicide prevention strategy for England and I am sure the whole House supports that.
I welcome the Prime Minister’s statement committing us to increased defence spending and reaffirming the UK’s support for Ukraine and its democratically elected leader, President Zelensky.
He is a wartime leader like Winston Churchill, who also had to delay elections because his country faced an existential threat.
As the Prime Minister travels to Washington, with this House and the country willing him to succeed, will he invoke the legacy of Churchill in making the case for the UK to be the key in bridging transatlantic relations, to bring us all together for the sake of freedom and democracy across the world?
I thank the hon.
Member for his question, and may I pick up on both elements?
First, President Zelensky is a democratically elected leader and suspending elections was precisely what we did in this country when we were fighting in the second world war.
Secondly, yes, the UK has successfully been a bridge between the US and Europe for many years.