The ongoing Metropolitan police investigation is among the biggest it has ever undertaken, and the Met has the Government’s full support.
In September, the Prime Minister rightly said that this tragedy poses questions about what social justice means in Britain today, and whether the voices of working-class people, those with disabilities and those of colour are ignored and dismissed.
I am here to say that we will not be that country.
We will be a country where decent housing, security, safety and peace of mind are shared by all and are not just the privilege of a few.
The lessons of the inquiry should not have taken a tragedy to unearth.
We will honour the memory of those who lost their lives by bringing about meaningful change in their name—change that will make life better for everyone.
We are under no illusions about the scale of the task at hand.
The responsibility to deliver lasting change is the privilege of leadership.
That will not be done by Government alone, but we will put our voice and power in the service of the cause that the Grenfell community has continued to fight for nearly eight long years.
Together we will bring about the transformational change that the people of this country deserve.
It is with that admiration for the spirit of the Grenfell community and the determination to honour it that I commend the statement to the House.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
May I thank the Deputy Prime Minister for advance sight of her statement and the Government’s response to the phase 2 report?
I echo the Deputy Prime Minister’s sentiments, which are shared across the House.
The tragedy of Grenfell, which claimed 72 innocent lives—54 adults and 18 children—will always remain a scar on our national conscience.
I thank Sir Martin Moore-Bick and his team for their work.
I join the Deputy Prime Minister in offering my deepest apologies to the bereaved, the survivors and the Grenfell community for the failures that led to that horrific night in June 2017—we all remember where we were that night.
I also thank them for their constant and constructive campaigning.
The inquiry’s findings—decades of systemic failure, dishonesty and negligence—are a damning indictment of successive Governments, regulators and industry.
The Government’s response, with its acceptance of all 58 recommendations, is a step forward, and I welcome the commitment to action.
The creation of a single construction regulator, the appointment of a chief construction adviser and the consolidation of fire safety functions under one Department are long overdue reforms.
So too is the focus on professionalising fire engineers and reforming the construction products sector, which the inquiry exposed as riddled with systemic dishonesty from firms such as Arconic, Kingspan and Celotex.
The Green Paper on construction products reform is a promising start, but it must deliver real accountability.
Unlimited fines and prison sentences for rogue executives and, where appropriate, Government officials, cannot remain mere rhetoric.
Ambition must be matched by urgency and scrutiny.
Nearly eight years have passed since Grenfell, yet thousands still live in buildings with unsafe cladding and other fire safety defects.
Although I welcome the fact that the Deputy Prime Minister has accepted the majority of the recommendations, why has she not accepted the inquiry’s recommendation for a single regulator to oversee the testing and certification of construction products, leaving that instead with conformity assessment bodies?
I remind her that the Building Research Establishment, which is itself a conformity assessment body, was strongly criticised for its conflicts of interest.
The remediation acceleration plan is welcome, but its targets of assessing all buildings by July 2025 and completing works by 2027 relies heavily on developers stepping up voluntarily.
What actions will the Deputy Prime Minister take if they do not comply?
Will she work to deliver solutions for non-qualifying leaseholders and those at risk as a consequence of other fire safety defects?