The answer cannot always be no.
I thank the Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary for their efforts to secure the release of Alaa Abd el-Fattah, the British human rights campaigner who has been imprisoned in Egypt for over 10 years.
The Prime Minister will know—he has met the family—that his mother is on the 150th day of her hunger strike and her health is failing rapidly.
May I ask the Prime Minister to pick up the phone to President Sisi and seek the release of Alaa to save his life and that of his mother?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for raising this really important case.
As he says, I met the mother and the family just a few days ago.
It is an incredibly difficult situation for them.
I can assure him that I will do everything I can to ensure the release in  this case.
That includes phone calls as necessary.
I have raised it before and I will raise it again.
We raise it and will continue to do so.
I gave my word to the family that that is what I will do, and I will.
People in Northern Ireland are sick to the teeth of paramilitaries, the menace of sectarianism and keeping people stuck in the past.
In the light of the announcement yesterday on transition, does the Prime Minister recognise that people will be highly sceptical of the process?
There must be real learnings from the failed transitions of the past.
There can be no rewards for paramilitaries for hanging on, but there must be robust criminal justice, flags off lampposts and streetcorners, and community-funded policing to allow communities that have been brutalised by paramilitaries to finally look forward to a confident and shared future.
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this important and obviously sensitive issue.
We are committed to making progress towards ending paramilitarism once and for all in Northern Ireland.
That is why we have agreed to support a short independent exercise to look at a formal process.
I will make sure that the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland keeps her updated.
Prostate cancer is now our country’s most common cancer, yet there is no national screening programme.
We made progress towards that in government, but there is more to do, which is why I am delighted to have joined the charity Prostate Cancer Research as an ambassador.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care for his engagement thus far.
Will the Prime Minister ensure that we have a targeted national screening programme for the groups most at risk of prostate cancer, so we can not only save the NHS money and make progress towards the Government’s early diagnosis targets, but, most crucially, save thousands of lives?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for raising this issue, and I thank him for using his authority and reputation to support this vital cause, which will make a material difference.
I look forward to working with him on it.
We share a commitment to detecting prostate cancer earlier and treating it faster.
We must do that.
Our national cancer plan will improve the way we treat cancer right across the country.
I will make sure he is fully informed of the steps we are taking and will work with him.
Will the Prime Minister join me in wishing all Welsh citizens everywhere a very happy St David’s day on Saturday?
Will he also join me in welcoming the latest news of the £600 million investment by Copenhagen Infrastructure Partners to ensure that Bute Energy and Green GEN Cymru can take forward the bold ambition to achieve  100% green electricity production by 2035 in Wales, thus providing much-needed sustainable green jobs for the people of Wales?
I wish my hon.