I recognise, not least because of the commemorative hearings that have been taking place in the inquiry, that all the pain, suffering, horror and tragedy of that day have been brought to life again for the families who live with that every single day of the week.
I welcome the fact that the Irish Government are committed to co-operating with the Omagh inquiry.
I look forward to the signing of the memorandum of understanding.
It is for the Irish Government to decide what inquiries they wish to establish in relation to events in the Republic.
Whether he has had recent discussions with horticultural suppliers in Great Britain on the supply of goods to consumers in Northern Ireland.
The Secretary of State has met suppliers, and my officials meet regularly with horticultural industry representatives.
The next meeting of the horticultural working group is in two days’ time, and the Government are committed to addressing the outstanding issues on horticultural products to ensure that these can move safely within the UK.
The situation remains difficult.
In fact, the Horticultural Trades Association said that it remains “impossible” for some retailers who are trying to order products from GB-based companies for consumers in Northern Ireland.
Everyone can complain about that, but some of us are trying to do something about it.
The Government are the people who can bring pressure to bear to resolve this problem for consumers in Northern Ireland, so what action is being taken to try to resolve it?
Officials from the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs are following up specifically with the companies that are most affected, such as seed shipping companies.
Shipping seeds is allowed, using phytosanitary certificates, but business-to-business posting is currently smoother than business-to-consumer posting.
Solutions to this issue are being worked out within the requirements of the Windsor framework, and guidance should be updated shortly.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
I thank the Minister for her answer, but we want to know more detail of the progress that the horticultural working group is making on resolving the issues to do with the movements of plants and cut flowers from GB to NI under the Windsor framework.
Can she please update us on that as a matter of urgency?
I can provide more updates.
The banned plants are being worked through species-by-species.
There were 11 in 2023 and 10 in 2024, and we are working through each one of those.
The working group is taking each of those on a case-by-case basis and working through each issue as it arises.
Given that the grace period will run out within the next year, what are the plans to ensure that Northern Ireland does not run out of veterinary medicines?
We are working to narrow the range of products that involve a problem, but we are working in respect of each of them as well.
The matter is being given consideration in the knowledge that, as the hon.
Member has pointed out, the deadline is approaching.
The Windsor framework was a distinct improvement on the old Northern Ireland protocol, but does the Minister agree that if we are to ensure the smoothest possible movement of agrifood products across the Irish sea, it is vital that we secure a sanitary and phytosanitary agreement with the European Union?
I agree that the Windsor framework is a big improvement on the protocol.
We are committed to implementing it at the same time as seeking to negotiate an SPS agreement that would provide further improvements in the movement of agrifood products, and we must pave the way to that by resetting our relationship with the EU and implementing the Windsor framework in good faith.
What steps he plans to take to replace the Northern Ireland Troubles (Legacy and Reconciliation) Act 2023.
What steps he plans to take to replace the Northern Ireland Troubles (Legacy and Reconciliation) Act 2023.