As I said yesterday, overseas development is important, and I am proud of what we have done.
It was not a decision that I took lightly or wanted to take, but it is important at this moment that we put defence spending and the defence and security of our country and Europe uppermost.
We will, of course, make sure that we are able to fulfil our humanitarian obligations in relation to Gaza, Ukraine and Sudan and other vital work.
I want to be clear: we do of course want to go back and increase that funding as soon as we are able to do so.
I hope the Prime Minister knows that when he travels to Washington to meet the former leader of the free world, he does so with the hopes and prayers of this House and the country; probably no more serious a meeting could be taking place.
While the subject of Ukraine will clearly dominate, will he undertake to raise with President Trump the fact that Canada is a valued, respected and much-loved member of both NATO and our Commonwealth?
This childish nonsense of a 51st state should be called out by the Prime Minister for what it is.
I thank the hon.
Member for raising this issue.
The UK and Canada are close allies and have been for a long time, with a partnership based on a shared history and a shared set of values and a determination to be an active force for good in the world.
We work closely with Canada on issues of the Commonwealth, on NATO and, of course, Five Eyes intelligence sharing.
We will work to strengthen that relationship.
Barrow and Furness has always been ahead of the times in high-skilled engineering.
In the light of the Prime Minister’s historic commitment to raise defence spending—the biggest increase since the end of the cold war—I invite him to visit and see the many small and medium-sized enterprises who can support this vital supply chain.
Does the Prime Minister agree that investing in those businesses will not only deliver our nuclear deterrent but improve security and the economy for us all?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that, and we will obviously consider her invitation.
Defence spending already supports more than 430,000 jobs across the United Kingdom and I recognise the contribution made by the workers in Barrow and Furness.
In my constituency, the planning inspector chose to use the term grey belt to pass a battery energy storage system application before the order was laid in the House to change the national planning policy framework and without recognising the moratorium for local authorities to manage their local plans.
The decision failed to recognise the green belt that protects us against urban sprawl, and it failed to recognise the proximity to a school, a church and a graveyard.
Can the Prime Minister define what grey belt actually is, or is it simply a grey area to allow for inappropriate development?
I am not across the details of the right hon.
Member’s case, as she will understand, but I am in favour of making sure that we can have the infrastructure and the houses we need to grow our economy.
One of the problems we had over the past 14 years was an assertion or rhetoric that we wanted homes and infrastructure, but when the decision for all that came up, the answer was always no.
The answer cannot always be no.
I thank the Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary for their efforts to secure the release of Alaa Abd el-Fattah, the British human rights campaigner who has been imprisoned in Egypt for over 10 years.
The Prime Minister will know—he has met the family—that his mother is on the 150th day of her hunger strike and her health is failing rapidly.