I am grateful to the Minister for giving way on that point, because she is at risk of not necessarily being accurate in her remarks.
She is absolutely right that the Conservative Government went into negotiations with Mauritius, but she seems to think that starting negotiations means that the end result must be capitulation and abiding by Mauritius’s ideas.
Before other Members stand up and read out the Labour party briefing, can I remind the Minister that under a Conservative Foreign Secretary, Lord Cameron, it was deemed that those negotiations were going in a direction that was not in the British national interest, and they were ended?
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps his Department is taking with the Northern Ireland Executive to help improve public services in Northern Ireland.
What recent discussions he has had with the Northern Ireland Executive on improving public services.
What recent discussions he has had with the Northern Ireland Executive on improving public services.
What recent discussions he has had with the Northern Ireland Executive on improving public services.
What recent discussions he has had with the Northern Ireland Executive on improving public services.
I regularly meet Northern Ireland Ministers to discuss the shared challenges we face in improving public services, and the Government will do everything we can to help.
Last week, I met the new Finance Minister, and we both expect to be in a position soon to announce progress on funding to help with the transformation of public services.
The Northern Ireland Executive were meant to agree their programme for Government today, but apparently the meeting was cancelled at the last minute.
The Secretary of State refers to the transformation fund; £245 million was allocated to it over a year ago, but it remains unspent.
The transformation board that is meant to be managing that fund is still interim.
With every party in Northern Ireland clamouring for transformation, and the Secretary of State and his ministerial team calling for transformation of public services, will the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland intervene with the Executive, and tell them to get on with it?
I hope very much that the programme for Government will be agreed as soon as possible; it is the responsibility of the Northern Ireland Executive, and I look forward to reading it.
A number of bids were  submitted for transformation funding.
They have been carefully looked at by the interim board and, as I indicated a moment ago, I look forward, together with the Finance Minister, to announcing the results of that work soon.
Last December, the Royal College of Nursing Northern Ireland revealed that there is a severe shortage of nursing staff in the north—there are almost 2,000 vacancies in the sector—as well as concerns about retention.
What steps is the Northern Ireland Office taking to support the Executive in providing safe levels of staffing in Northern Ireland, including by tackling staffing pressures, low pay and unacceptable working conditions?
I share the concern that my hon.
Friend expresses about the number of vacancies.
The single most important thing that the Government have done is allocate for next year a record sum to the Northern Ireland Executive of £18.2 billion, which is an increase of £1.5 billion.
The resources are there, and it is for the Northern Ireland Executive to decide how they will use them.
I welcome what the Secretary of State has said about public service reform being a shared challenge.
Does he agree with me that it is in the interests of patients, both in Northern Ireland and in England, to share knowledge of what works, and best practice?
I agree absolutely with my hon.
Friend.
Indeed, I discussed that with Mike Nesbitt, the Health Minister, when I met him recently.
I asked him what support and help we can give him, but we can all learn from each other across the United Kingdom.