These led to the loss of 72 innocent lives, 18 of them children, on that terrible night in June 2017.
It was a deadly betrayal and a national tragedy that must never happen again.
I repeat today what the Prime Minister said in September to the bereaved families, the survivors and those in the immediate Grenfell community, some of whom are with us today in the Gallery: on behalf of the Government, the British state and those responsible, I am very sorry.
The inquiry report made 58 recommendations, of which 37 were directed at the Government.
The Government accept the findings of the report and will take forward all the recommendations.
Our response published today addresses each in turn and goes further, to set out our wider reforms of social housing and the construction sector.
As we make these vital changes, we will publish quarterly reports on progress and update Parliament annually.
The Government are open to scrutiny and will remain accountable for their actions.
We will prioritise residents and protect their interests, make sure that industry builds safe homes, and provide clearer accountability and enforcement.
To have anyone anywhere living in an unsafe home is one person too many.
That will be our guiding principle, and it must be that of anyone who wants to build or care for our homes.
That will be an important part of the legacy of Grenfell.
For nearly eight years, despite their pain, the bereaved, survivors and members of the community have campaigned with determination, not wanting anyone to suffer as they have.
It is fair to say that the building system we have today is not the same as the one that was justly criticised in the report—the one we had leading up to the tragic events of 2017.
But it is also clear that there is still much more to do, so I can announce that we will create a single construction regulator and a chief construction adviser.
We will set out our detailed plans later this year.
I am accepting the recommendations to professionalise fire engineers and assessors, to licence principal contractors and to review the role of building control.
Where standards are clear and industry has clarity and certainty on how individuals and firms must behave, it encourages investor confidence.
This will improve the safety of residents, and support the construction industry and our mission to deliver economic growth.
We have pledged to build 1.5 million homes over the Parliament to tackle our country’s acute housing crisis, as part of our plan for change to improve the lives of people across the country.
It is vital that these future homes, as well as existing homes, are safe and of high quality, and I welcome how some parts of the industry have stepped up to lead the necessary change in culture and approach.
But lest we forget, Sir Martin found that just about every institution and organisation charged with keeping the tower safe and protecting those who called it home failed.
His most devastating conclusion was that every single death was avoidable.
The inquiry uncovered serial incompetence and negligence, complacency and inaction, and blatant dishonesty and greed.
The organisations that failed included the Government and regulators; the Department I now lead, which failed to act on known risks and ignored, delayed or disregarded matters affecting the safety of life; and the manufacturing companies, including Arconic, Kingspan and Celotex, whose products were used to refurbish the tower.
The report found that they acted with systemic dishonesty as they mis-sold and marketed them.
Their disgraceful mercenary behaviour put profit before people and exploited the regulatory regime to evade accountability, with fatal consequences.
To my disgust and their shame, some have shown little remorse and have refused even to help fix the building safety crisis that they did so much to create.
Companies must be held to account for their role in Grenfell.