In the inquiry into the renewable heat incentive, the permanent secretary admitted that the civil service was not able to give timely advice to Ministers, and had not given accurate advice.
What can the Secretary of State do to ensure that the gap that there appears to be in expertise in the civil service—because the Northern Ireland civil service is not integrated into the UK civil service—can be filled?
I have met many civil servants who are doing a very good job and are very committed to their work, but the Northern Ireland civil service is the responsibility of the Northern Ireland Executive and the Ministers in the Departments—it is not my responsibility to deal with.
Many projects that are designed to improve public services are being held up in the courts in Northern Ireland because of procurement, planning and the decision process.
The latest ruse being used to hold up projects is the claim that they do not comply with the Government’s net zero policies and will lead to an increase in carbon dioxide emissions.
One of the projects that is being held up is the important A5 road in the west of Northern Ireland.
Does the Secretary of State agree that while we have statutory limits on CO2 emissions, we will always be vulnerable to major infrastructure projects being held up in the courts?
I do not accept that, because getting to a net zero world is really important for the future of humankind, and the Government have commitments that it is very important to fulfil.
As for delays in the planning system and the way in which the courts operate in Northern Ireland, once again, those are matters for the Executive.
What assessment he has made of the potential implications for his policies of the recommendations in the Independent Reporting Commission's seventh annual report.
The IRC’s report highlights progress, but reminds us that there is still much to do to tackle paramilitarism and the harm it causes.
Following discussion with the Irish Government, it has been agreed to support a short, independent scoping exercise to assess whether there is merit in a formal process to bring about paramilitary group disbandment, as the IRC has suggested, and whether there would be public support for such a process.
Having spent lots of time with family in Northern Ireland since I was a small child, I have seen the progress made over the years and know what a difference it has made on the ground.
I welcome this Government’s commitment to help secure that progress and tackle the scourge of paramilitarism.
Does the Secretary of State share my view that making further progress will require a range of measures, and that the Executive’s programme on paramilitarism, criminality and organised crime is a crucial part of that?
I do indeed agree with my hon.
Friend.
That programme is doing very good work, and of course the UK Government are funding it together with the Executive.
I also agree that a wide range of approaches needs to be taken, including continuing to use the full force of the law to deal with paramilitary criminality.
After decades of illegal paramilitary organisations taking successive Governments for a ride over transition and pocketing millions of pounds along the way, the Secretary of State now wants to appoint a special envoy—a nursemaid to paramilitaries.
When will this pandering come to an end, and is the Secretary of State going to accept the IRC’s grotesque proposal of moving to de-proscription,  under which organisations that murdered thousands of people would ultimately be made legal?
Can he at least rule that out?
On a happier note, will the Secretary of State join me in welcoming today’s announcement by the Irish Football Association and the Galgorm resort that there will be a new training facility par excellence for Northern Ireland football teams?