When will this pandering come to an end, and is the Secretary of State going to accept the IRC’s grotesque proposal of moving to de-proscription,  under which organisations that murdered thousands of people would ultimately be made legal?
Can he at least rule that out?
On a happier note, will the Secretary of State join me in welcoming today’s announcement by the Irish Football Association and the Galgorm resort that there will be a new training facility par excellence for Northern Ireland football teams?
I am very happy to join in what appears to be the general consensus of welcome for the IFA’s announcement, a proposal that I discussed when I met the IFA during my time as shadow Secretary of State.
On the substantive issue that the hon.
and learned Gentleman has raised, the fact is that 26 years later, people say that the paramilitary organisations should have left the stage.
They are still here, despite the progress that has been made, and are still causing harm to communities.
The IRC’s proposal—which I recognise is not supported by everybody—is to inquire whether there are some paramilitary organisations that do actually want to leave the stage, and whether there is merit in having a process that ensures that.
However, what I announced yesterday is not a process; it is a scoping study to find out whether it is worth having one or not, which I think is the right thing to do.
After all these years, people are bewildered that we are still talking about transitioning paramilitary groups, which have continued to recruit, to grip and to poison communities and current-day politics in Northern Ireland.
Will the Minister commit to ensuring that we learn from all the things that have not gone right, and all the previous attempts at transition?
Will he commit to ensuring that there is no payday for former paramilitaries, that we take a serious criminal justice approach, and that there are preconditions on such things as emblems and financial assets?
Does he agree that that makes it even more important that we get the infrastructure right on the legacy of the troubles, and move towards getting back on track as a serious rule-of-law society?
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no question of paying anybody any money to disband.
There is no question of doing that at all.
As I indicated a moment ago, for all the efforts that have been made—there is much to learn from what has worked—the fact remains, as the Independent Reporting Commission report makes clear, that many communities in Northern Ireland continue to suffer real harm because of paramilitary activities.
What is the proof that those who say they are prepared to disband are doing so?
The proof will be: do they end recruitment, paramilitary-style assaults, intimidation, child criminal and sexual exploitation and violence against women and girls?
That is what people are experiencing today in Northern Ireland.
I want all paramilitaries off our streets for good, and I also want to see justice done for their victims.
That is why I cannot quite understand why the Dublin Government are closing their eyes to the 2021 Horner judgment, which recommended inquiries in the United Kingdom and in the Republic of Ireland.
The family hearings in Omagh have brought the horror of that day to a new generation.
Will the Secretary of State use his influence to call on Dublin to give the Omagh families the public inquiry they deserve and want so, so much?
I recognise, not least because of the commemorative hearings that have been taking place in the inquiry, that all the pain, suffering, horror and tragedy of that day have been brought to life again for the families who live with that every single day of the week.
I welcome the fact that the Irish Government are committed to co-operating with the Omagh inquiry.
I look forward to the signing of the memorandum of understanding.