Member for his question, and may I pick up on both elements?
First, President Zelensky is a democratically elected leader and suspending elections was precisely what we did in this country when we were fighting in the second world war.
Secondly, yes, the UK has successfully been a bridge between the US and Europe for many years.
It is vital that we continue in that role.
That is why my message to President Trump is that the relationship between our two countries needs to go from strength to strength—it is already strong—while we work at the same time with our European allies.
On Monday night, there was a brutal double stabbing in my constituency, which adds to a long line of horrific knife attacks that have included three fatalities over the past two years.
I know that the Prime Minister is aware of the particular challenges we face in Bournemouth.
Although crime has been going down, I know there is much more that he will want to do.
Will he join me in praising the crucial work done by organisations such as Changes Are Made, which provide positive activities such as boxing to young people, and will he share what more the Government can do to tackle knife crime in communities such as mine?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that really important issue.
Yesterday, we introduced our Crime and Policing Bill, which is central to our plan for change and to halving knife crime.
It involves new powers to seize and destroy knives found on private property and a new criminal offence of possessing a bladed article with the intent to cause harm, plus tougher penalties for selling dangerous weapons to under-18s and stricter rules for online sales under Ronan’s law.
We will continue that work.
The floods of 2013-14 devastated Datchet, Horton and Wraysbury, and the flooding last January was not much better.
But shockingly, the River Thames scheme as currently proposed continues to leave my constituents at risk.
The council was asked to cough up tens of millions but, like many, it is cash-strapped.
Does the Prime Minister agree that  the only option to protect my constituents is to fund channel 1 of the River Thames scheme as national strategic infrastructure, which really it is?
The hon.
Member has raised this issue before, which obviously is important for his constituents.
We inherited flood defences in their worst state on record, which is why we are investing £2.6 billion to protect over 50,000 properties.
I understand that the options to reduce flood risk to these communities are being considered as part of the Datchet and Hythe End flood alleviation scheme.
I will ensure that he has a meeting with the relevant Minister to take forward the work.
In order for the Government’s growth agenda to be a success, it must be felt in all areas of the country, including Doncaster and South Yorkshire, where we have green growth transport companies such as Hybrid Air Vehicles and Clean Power Hydrogen, alongside the reopening of Doncaster Sheffield Airport.
Will the Prime Minister put on record his support for Mayor Ros Jones, who has led on the airport reopening?
Will he set out how the growth agenda will override traditional investment patterns mainly in the south of England and bring prosperity to South Yorkshire and the north as a whole?
Yes, I will.
Doncaster has a proud industrial heritage of rail, steel and coal, and extraordinary potential for industries of the future, from hydrogen to artificial intelligence.
We are focused on devolving more power and funding to metro Mayors to support regional industry.
We will work with the Mayors of Doncaster and South Yorkshire to support efforts to reopen Doncaster Sheffield airport.
I have the privilege to represent the home of Speyside malts, one the finest Scotch whiskies.