I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Liberal Democrats stand firmly with the many bereaved family members, as well as the immediate community, friends and neighbours, as they mourn the 72 people, including children, who tragically lost their lives in 2017.
Any steps regarding changes to the building will be a deeply personal matter for that community, and I know that the Secretary of State will approach any decisions about the future of the building with due respect for the local community, survivors and victims.
We therefore welcome the Government’s decision to work with the Grenfell Tower Memorial Commission to design a memorial, and we urge the Government to approach the discussion with respect and sympathy for those who suffered, as I am sure the Secretary of State will do.
As we approach eight years since the Grenfell fire, Liberal Democrats are concerned that there are still thousands of people in the UK living in buildings with dangerous cladding.
The Grenfell inquiry provided a detailed look at the facts leading up to the night of  14 June 2017 , including looking at the underlying causes of the fire, where mistakes were made, the condition of the tower and the responses of the public and the emergency services.
On the recommendations to the architectural profession, I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests—I am a member of the Royal Institute of British Architects.
There are lessons to be learned by ever authority in the land.
We recognise that the previous Government provided funding to start the process of dealing with cladding, which is slowly being allocated, but it is now time to accelerate that vital work to make all buildings safe.
We are concerned that too many developers and building owners are passing the cost of remediation work on to tenants and leaseholders, which puts many at serious financial risk.
Liberal Democrats endorse all 57 recommendations of the Grenfell inquiry phase 2 report by Sir Martin Moore-Bick, including the creation of legally enforceable orders to remediate premises so they are safe, on pain of criminal sanction.
However, we need to take further steps to guard against commercial interests overriding safety, as they did in both the testing of materials and the enforcement of building regulations.
We would like to see more done to ensure that commerciality will not, shockingly and disgracefully, override interests of safety ever again.
It is time to invest in our housing stock so that the cladding is dealt with.
It is time for justice for the victims and for all those living in unsafe housing.
Lib Dems stand ready to work across parties to do achieve that.
I thank the hon.
Member for his commitment and support in taking forward the recommendations that came from the inquiry.
I thank him for his comments about ensuring that we take decisions about the future of Grenfell in the most sensitive of ways.
I absolutely agree with him, and I am committed to taking the next steps respectfully and carefully with the community.
I continue to support the independent Grenfell Tower Memorial Commission as the community choose a design team to work with them on designing a memorial.
I agree that it is a priority for us to work at pace because the work is urgent.
We are working as quickly as we possibly can.
Some of the inquiry recommendations are wide-reaching and some will require further work, including public consultation, before they can be delivered.
However, where we can work quickly, such as with the machinery of Government change—moving responsibility for fire to my Department—we are committed to doing that.
I hope the hon.
Gentleman heard my words on the acceleration of remediation and our action plan.
As I hope was reflected in my response, I agree entirely with his comments about commerciality not taking precedent or having any control over safety.
Safety must come first and this Government are committed to that.