I am having extensive discussions on it.
I am not in a position to put details before the House today, as she well knows, but I will continue down that route.
I want a lasting peace in Ukraine and Europe for the safety and security of Ukrainians, Europeans and, of course, everybody in this country.
This is an endeavour that we want to support the Prime Minister in, but we need to know exactly what we are supporting.
We need clarity and transparency over the money, and we also need to know where the money is going.
This morning, the Defence Secretary could not say whether the Chagos deal would come out of the defence budget.
Can the Prime Minister confirm to the House that none of the defence uplift includes payments for his Chagos deal?
The additional spend I announced yesterday is for our capability on defence and security in Europe, as I made absolutely clear yesterday.
The Chagos deal is extremely important for our security and for US security, and the US is rightly looking at it.
When the deal is finalised, I will put it before the House with the costings.
The figures being bandied around are absolutely wide of the mark.
The deal is for well over a century.
The funding I announced yesterday is for our capability, and will put us in a position to rise to a generational challenge.
That is what that money is all about; I thought the right hon.
Lady supported it.
We need to make sure we are supporting a plan that is clear and transparent.
Yesterday, the Prime Minister set an ambition for defence spending to reach 3% in the next Parliament, and we agree with him on that.
However, that could be 2034—almost a decade away.
That is too slow.
We do not know how he will pay for it.
We cannot raise taxes further, and we already pay more on debt interest than defence.
Everyone in this House will have heard the Prime Minister not answer the previous question, so I will ask again: is he paying for the Chagos deal with this defence uplift or not?
I have just dealt with that question, Mr Speaker.
The money announced yesterday is going to our capability in order to put ourselves in a position to defend the security of both our country and Europe.
The Leader of the Opposition asked about defence spending.
She gave what people have described as a rambling speech yesterday, where she could not say what defence spending should be.
We have been absolutely clear.
We have set out a full, credible, costed plan, and I thought she supported it.
The Prime Minister will be aware that in coastal communities such as mine in East Thanet, people develop cancer earlier, get treated and diagnosed later and die younger.
Can he give the House an update on the Government’s plans to implement the recommendations by the chief medical officer, Chris Witty, for tackling poor health in our seaside towns?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this matter.
She is right that cancer patients are waiting too long for diagnosis and treatment.
Addressing healthcare inequity is part of our 10-year health plan, which aims to halve the gap in healthy life expectancy between the richest and the poorest regions, and we are already making progress on that.
I call the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
May I start by wishing the Prime Minister well on his trip to the White House?
It will not be an easy meeting, but we are all behind him for the sake of our national interest.
It is already clear that, sadly, under President Trump, we will not be able to rely on the United States to help ensure our security against Russian aggression, which is why we strongly welcome the Prime Minister’s decision to increase Britain’s defence spending.