Their work over the past year above the north Atlantic and the high north, the Baltic, the Black sea, the eastern Mediterranean and across the middle east has been central to defence operations.
The team at RAF Waddington and at Lossiemouth should be congratulated.
We understand that UK surveillance assets such as Rivet Joint are providing surveillance support to Israel.
I appreciate that, for reasons of operational security, the Minister cannot comment on the operational specifics of this activity, but will he rule out the possibility that these platforms are being used to support target acquisition?
While I was grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his initial question, he also gives me an opportunity to make an important clarification.
Rivet Joint is not flying in support of Israel; it is flying to observe the risk of escalation in the region, to inform decision making in the UK MOD, and for nothing else.
Is my right hon.
Friend concerned about the volcanic activity in Iceland at the moment?
The P-8 regularly uses Keflavik airport near Reykjavik.
Could that be interrupted by the threatened volcanic activity?
To the relief of people everywhere hoping for a Christmas getaway, I am told that this particular volcanic ash is not the same as that of last time and thus does not pose such a threat to aviation.
However, we are, of course, monitoring it carefully and have contingencies.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
My first months as Defence Secretary have strengthened my long-held belief that we need to strengthen our national defence as the world grows ever-more dangerous.
With the challenges in Ukraine, the middle east and the Indo-Pacific, these are more contested times than any since the cold war.
The servicemen and women of our  armed forces are our greatest asset.
As has been mentioned, as we ask them to do extraordinarily difficult things around the world and they do deserve comfort back home.
That is why I have put service accommodation at the forefront of my mission.
I thank the Secretary of State for his answer.
Will he add his thanks to volunteers such as Trevor Simcock, Mal Mullet and Chris Smith, who work with the Commonwealth War Graves Commission locally in Stoke-on-Trent North, Kidsgrove and Talke?
Ahead of the Armistice Weekend, I was proud to join them at Burslem cemetery with my daughter Amelia to clean the headstones of 130 of our brave and fallen heroes.
Will he add his thanks and come to visit those great volunteers?
I am delighted to add my thanks to my hon.
Friend’s brilliant volunteers.
It is an opportunity to mention from the Dispatch Box the many thousands of people who turned out across the country on Remembrance Weekend to commemorate and remember those who bravely gave of themselves so that we can be here in freedom today.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The Defence Secretary said recently that, despite middle east tensions, we must not forget about Ukraine.
I welcome that statement, but the UK’s leadership on support for Ukraine is flagging, so will Wednesday’s autumn statement, as a minimum, confirm the commitment to match this year’s £2.3 billion in military aid funding for next year?
I do not know when the right hon.
Gentleman was last able to visit Kyiv himself, but when he does go, he will discover that the attitude there is that no country in the world has been more forward-leaning and progressive in its support, and that remains the same today as it was before this conflict began.
We have trained 52,000 Ukrainian troops since 2014.
Our support is not for today or tomorrow or the short term; it is forever.
What assessment has the Defence Secretary made of the strategic importance to UK national security, and indeed that of the United States, of retaining British sovereignty over Diego Garcia?