Friend agree that we should do more to ensure that the United Nations convention on the law of the sea is maintained in the South China sea, working closely with our partners in the region?
My hon.
Friend hides his light under a bushel, because as a trade envoy in the region he will have had much to do with the improved relationships we enjoy there.
Furthermore, HMS Spey transited the Straits of Malacca only this weekend, demonstrating the UK’s and the Royal Navy’s commitment to upholding freedom of navigation in the South China sea and around.
Does the Minister believe the appointment of Lord Cameron as Foreign Secretary strengthens or weakens the Prime Minister’s stance that China poses an “epoch-defining challenge” to global security?
It greatly strengthens the Prime Minister’s position.
What steps his Department is taking to help support the medium-sized helicopter industry in the south-west.
Helicopters form an important part of our integrated operating concept.
Through past and current investment in rotary capability, the UK industrial base remains well placed to support existing and future helicopter platforms.
Positive progress is being made towards the next stage of the competition with the three downselected suppliers: Airbus Helicopters UK, Leonardo Helicopters UK and Lockheed Martin UK.
Can my hon.
Friend confirm that the invitation to negotiate for the medium-sized helicopter will indeed be issued by the end of December?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend.
We are keen to get on with this, and that is certainly our intention.
At the moment, we are in the process of securing final cross-Government approval.
As I said, that is our aim, but I cannot absolutely guarantee it.
What steps his Department is taking to support defence jobs across the UK.
The most recent estimate shows that MOD investment supports more than 200,000 jobs in industries across the UK, and continued investment in defence along with the changes we continue to make as part of our defence and security industrial strategy are contributing to further economic growth and prosperity across the Union.
I thank the Minister for his answer.
As a Member from north-east Wales, I am interested in how we promote defence spending in all regions of the United Kingdom, meaning that there is some balance, with defence jobs and investment not concentrated in the same part of England every time.
What can the Minister do to assure my constituents in Delyn that they will have as much opportunity as those in places such as the south-west of England?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point.
Obviously, we strongly want to see defence expenditure benefiting every part of the Union.
I can confirm expenditure with industry in Wales amounting to about £744 million.
Just to reassure him and show him how importantly we regard Wales, the week before last I heard I held my small and medium-sized enterprise  forum in Cardiff at Space Forge, a brilliant Welsh SME that we are supporting with half a million pounds of funding to develop in-space manufacturing of semiconductors.
That is a strong example of how we are supporting Welsh SMEs in the defence sector.
What assessment his Department has made of the potential impact of RAF surveillance aircraft on UK strategy and operations overseas.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising the work of the slightly less glamorous part of the Royal Air Force that does long-distance surveillance missions.
They are an important part of the UK’s defence strategy and our ability to monitor and observe what our adversaries are doing.
Their work over the past year above the north Atlantic and the high north, the Baltic, the Black sea, the eastern Mediterranean and across the middle east has been central to defence operations.
The team at RAF Waddington and at Lossiemouth should be congratulated.
We understand that UK surveillance assets such as Rivet Joint are providing surveillance support to Israel.