This excellent bid was, of course, submitted under the previous Conservative-led administration.
The council has since changed hands and it will be for the Liberal Democrat leadership to deliver on it.
This is a Lib Dem leadership that has already paid back £1.3 million of brownfield land release funding to the Government because it was unable to spend it.
What message does  the Minister have for the council to ensure that the money is spent in a timely way to level up Gosport and drive prosperity for the region?
I am delighted that Gosport was able to receive funding in this round.
The funding in Gosport must be spent on the project priorities.
The council is unable to reallocate that funding to some other random Lib Dem project that it has in mind; it has to deliver on the priorities that my hon.
Friend mentioned.
There is an adjustment process that local authorities can work on with my Department to ensure that challenges around inflation, for example, can be met.
However, the project aims must still be met, and I shall work with my hon.
Friend and her local authority to ensure that they are.
Can the Minister confirm that Rochdale received no funding in this round, in either path?
Can he also explain to my constituents why, even if we had a successful bid, which we would have welcomed, it would have been dwarfed by the cuts made to health, education and, of course, our local authority?
Those are the things, ultimately, that are destroying the quality of life in my constituency.
I would not accept the hon.
Member’s synopsis.
As I said earlier, we gave councils an uplift of £5 billion last year to meet priorities in their area.
I cannot answer the hon.
Member’s question today on Rochdale, but I shall write to him as soon as this statement is over.
I particularly welcome the £4.1 million for the Chambers Institute in Peebles, the £6.8 million for walks and cycleways in Clydesdale and the £13.8 million for transport in Dumfries and Galloway, but I pay particular tribute to the trustees of the Annan Harbour Action Group for its compelling bid, which secured £11.9 million to regenerate Annan Harbour.
These are all essentially rural projects.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that rural areas across the United Kingdom must be at the core of levelling up?
There is no greater champion for levelling up in rural areas than my right hon.
Friend.
I am delighted that we have been able to give Dumfries and Galloway a chunk of money in this round, and I am sure that he will work to ensure that his local authorities put it to good use.
I am delighted to be working with him on doing just that.
I confess that I am very disappointed by today’s announcement, because we have been trying to get some money for the Rhondda tunnel, which would be an enormous enhancement to the top end of the Rhondda Fawr.
Successive Government Ministers have told me personally that we should apply under round 2, and then told the local authority that it could not apply under round two.
I was then told personally that we should apply under round 3, and now it turns out that there is no such thing as a round 3, so we never had an opportunity to make a bid at all—of any kind whatsoever.
I am hopeful that the Minister will now say that the Government are not closing the door on the Rhondda tunnel, and that there will be another  chance for us to make an application to the Government for the £20 million that we need for one of the poorest areas in the country.
I understand the hon.
Member’s concerns.
To be absolutely clear, I have not made any such commitments to him.