I understand the hon.
Member’s concerns.
To be absolutely clear, I have not made any such commitments to him.
Levelling up is an agenda that the Government are focused on; this is not the end of the road for levelling up, and I would be delighted to come to Rhondda, not least because Rhondda received money through round 1 of the levelling-up fund—a total of £3.6 million.
The Minister knows full well how much Bingley has been neglected and let down by Labour-run Bradford Council, largely because I keep telling him about it.
Bingley needs regeneration, and it particularly needs a new swimming pool, so can he tell me what the Government will do to help Bingley receive the swimming pool and the regeneration that it desperately needs?
I am afraid that the people of Bingley cannot trust Bradford Council to deliver those for them.
I understand the plight of the people of Bingley because, as my hon.
Friend says, he raises it with me at every possible opportunity.
I will work with him to see what funding streams are available to tackle the mess left behind by Labour-run Bradford Council, and to fund Bingley swimming pool.
People in Northern Ireland will be angry tonight that not one penny of a fund that the Minister describes as creating opportunities across all regions and nations of the UK, and aimed at tackling regional inequality, is allocated to Northern Ireland.
He gives the flimsy excuse that it is because the Northern Ireland Executive are not up and running.
The Northern Ireland Executive did not have any input into the previous rounds, and would not have had any into this round.
Of course, they would not even have needed to seek new allocations, because no new applications were needed.
Is this not a case of blatant, pathetic, transparent economic blackmail to try to get the Assembly up and running again, without addressing the reasons why it fell, and of pouring the money into key Conservative marginal constituencies to bolster party support?
I share the right hon.
Gentleman’s frustration that we have been unable to fund projects in Northern Ireland this time around.
As I indicated to him, that is because of a lack of an Executive in Northern Ireland.
I assure him that we have set aside what Northern Ireland’s allocation would have been in this round, and I commit to working with him and his colleagues to ensure that Northern Ireland receives the full benefit of levelling up.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his statement.
I have lost my voice cheering for the £1.1 million for Swadlincote town.
This is the first time in 50 years that Government money has been put into regenerating that area, which is the heart of South Derbyshire, and I thank him very much indeed.
I have had a word with the chief executive of the new Labour council, and I will sit on the board that ensures we have spades in the ground.
I thank the Minister very much.
I am delighted to be able to give my hon.
Friend’s constituency the funding this time around.
She is an extremely efficient champion for the people of Derbyshire, and I am delighted that we have been able to fund the project.
I can be one of this Government’s sharpest critics, often justifiably, but today I thank the Minister and his predecessor,  the hon.
Member for Bishop Auckland (Dehenna Davison) , whom I harassed relentlessly since the round two bid for Denton was rejected.
I am so pleased that today “Destination Denton”, the project that we put forward, will receive nearly £17 million.
Given that I am the constituency Member of Parliament, and was involved in putting the bid together, what assurances can the Minister give me that I will be involved in ensuring that the project comes to fruition?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his kind words.