The Government have a responsibility to all people, businesses and communities across the whole United Kingdom across all three rounds of the funds.
As I mentioned in my statement, we have invested £1 billion of levelling-up funding in local authorities in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
The hon.
Gentleman should consider his argument: it seems somewhat bizarre that he is frustrated at the funding that we are spending in Scotland.
He should focus on what the cash is delivering, rather than on who is delivering it.
I am thrilled that the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities has funded the green innovation corridor in my constituency.
The Government have invested tens on tens of millions of pounds in Wolverhampton, which was desperately needed.
However, speed of delivery is an issue.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how the council can be encouraged to deliver the projects quickly?
I commit to meeting my hon.
Friend to discuss that matter.
She is a fantastic champion for her constituents in Wolverhampton, which is a key place where we are seeing levelling up in action, including the relocation of DLUHC’s offices to Wolverhampton.
I am  pleased that we have been able to fund my hon.
Friend’s project in this round, and I am delighted to be working with her on it.
I call the Chairman of the Select Committee.
The Minister has said a lot about inputs, but what is important, in the end, is outputs and the changes that are made.
Will the Minister say which indicators have shown a reduction in inequality between the south-east and the north since this funding began, and in particular whether the productivity gap has reduced at all?
Finally, I am surprised there is no mention of the trailblazer projects in Manchester and Birmingham and their roll-out to the other mayoral combined authorities.
I understand that they will be rolled out but with reduced powers for the rest of the combined authorities.
Will the Minister tell us exactly what the situation is?
Please do not ask us to wait for Wednesday’s statement.
I read about it in the Financial Times on Saturday, and if the Financial Times can be told on Saturday, I am sure this House can be told today.
I am very grateful to the Chair of the Select Committee.
As I said in my statement, across all three rounds of the fund, the north-east and the north-west have received more per capita than any other region in England.
He asked about the specifics on productivity improvements and so on, and I will write to him and his Committee about that.
Regarding the trailblazer deals, I have not read the piece in the Financial Times, but I will do so as soon as the statement is finished.
I would encourage him to wait until Wednesday.
The Mid Cornwall Metro is a levelling-up infrastructure project to upgrade railway connectivity across Cornwall.
It will bring huge benefits both economically and socially.
I was pleased to hear the Minister say that the Government are keen to get on with delivering the project.
I ask him to use his offices to work with the Department for Transport, the Treasury and Cornwall Council to get the final business case over the line and the funding released, so that we can get on with the project.
Absolutely.
There are few greater champions for Cornwall in this House than my hon.
Friend, and I shall work with him to ensure that the business case is signed off as soon as possible and that we are able to see levelling up in Cornwall.
I am delighted that I will be visiting Cornwall in the very near future to sign a devolution deal.