It is a pleasure to take a question from my right hon.
Friend, who is my constituency neighbour; it is not far for me to travel, and I would be delighted to do so.
I welcome the Minister’s statement last week that 60% of homes with damp and mould will be receiving support, because that has been such a big issue at RAF Shawbury in my constituency.
Can he explain what is going to happen to the other 40% of homes that have damp and mould, and will he commit to a minimum standard for service accommodation for military families?
The hon.
Lady asks a very good question.
To be clear, the figure of 4,000 homes with damp and mould is for this winter: we have put in place £400 million of additional spending.
Of course, as we move into next year, we will look at what further work can be undertaken so that we can deal with all the other properties.
Will the Minister confirm that the Ministry would never put serving personnel at risk by putting an open camp for illegal migrants in a serving base, and therefore any undertaking about that is worthless—that the most we will get at RAF Catterick is a closed detention centre?
I am well aware of my right hon.
Friend’s concerns.
I am happy to meet him and discuss them further.
Has the MOD made any further payments in addition to the £480 million it paid to General Dynamics in March of this year?
I understand that subcontractors on the programme are not being paid, or are not being paid the amounts they expected.
Is there any reason why General Dynamics should not be paying its subcontractors on this programme?
The right hon.
Gentleman is very knowledgeable on these matters, and I am more than happy for him to write to me about them.
The Ajax contract is a firm price contract, and I am very pleased to say that we are getting very positive feedback from the Household Cavalry about that platform’s capability, its sensors and its cannon.
I do not know the answer to the right hon.
Gentleman’s specific question about payments to subcontractors, so he is more than welcome to write to me.
Will my hon.
Friend meet me to discuss a British company, Christy Aerospace and Technology, which has the capability to dramatically reduce the time it takes to train Ukrainian pilots on F-16s, and does he agree that we need to do everything we can to accelerate the rate at which we can get those pilots trained?
It is always a pleasure to meet my hon.
Friend.
It is always a pleasure to meet my hon.
Friend.
He has been an absolute champion on the Ukraine issue, and I would be delighted to meet him to see what more we can do.
Ian Bernard is a constituent of mine who served in the Royal Air Force and witnessed the nuclear tests on Christmas Island.
Ian is still to receive his nuclear veteran’s medal, and he has asked me to ask the Minister whether that omission could be rectified.
I am disturbed to hear that the hon.
Gentleman’s constituent has not received his medal, because they have been minted and distributed.
If he would like to write to me with the details, I will chase it up.
Local mosques in Bolton are collecting donations, yet there seem to be major problems in getting those donations and aid into Gaza.
What discussions is the Department having with the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office and the Israeli Government about ensuring that those donations get to those most in need?
Not doing so will only escalate the conflict.
As I have described, it is a complex position on the ground to get the aid all the way through, but I am happy to either meet or take details from my hon.