My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point.
She has been a long-running champion of the steel sector and its importance to her constituents.
Of course, we want a smooth transition between blast furnace and electronic arc steel making technology.
Steel remains incredibly important to the defence sector.
Take the Type 26: almost 50% of that is British steel.
That is 1,400 tonnes per ship.
That underlines why it is so important that, in constituencies such as my hon.
Friend’s, we continue to support the steel sector.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What assessment his Department has made of the potential impact of UK arms sales to Israel on (a) civilian deaths and (b) compliance with international humanitarian law in Gaza.
All export licence applications are assessed on a case-by-case basis against the strategic export licence criteria.
This Government will not use any export licences to any destination where applications are not consistent with the criteria.
I thank the Secretary of State for that answer, but since the horrendous Hamas attacks on  7 October , 12,000 innocent Palestinian civilians have been killed; and two thirds were women and children.
The UN Secretary-General has described Gaza as a “graveyard of children”.
Today an Israeli airstrike on a United Nations Relief and Works Agency school has killed 12 people.
The Indonesian hospital in Gaza is currently surrounded by Israeli Defence Forces tanks.
Can the Minister confirm whether arms sold by the UK have been used in violations of international humanitarian law, and will he explain why arms sales to Israel have not yet been suspended?
The hon.
Lady is right to describe as terrorism the horrendous and heinous attacks by Hamas, without which this would not have started.
We call on all parties—the Israelis included—to ensure that they act within international humanitarian law.
It will interest her to know that our defence exports to Israel are relatively small—just £42 million last year—and, as I mentioned in my initial answer, they go through a very strict criteria before anything is exported.
What steps he is taking to encourage de-escalation of the conflict in Israel and Gaza.
We are working with partners across the wider region, urging all sides to de-escalate tension, facilitate the supply of humanitarian aid, and tackle all forms of extremism.
We are all absolutely heartbroken—[Interruption.]
Order.
Members must sit down again once another Member is speaking.
We cannot have two Members on their feet at the same time.
We are all heartbroken by what is happening in the middle east.
As Israel works to root out Hamas terrorists, will my right hon.
Friend work to ensure that aid gets to civilians and that Israel works in a way that is compatible with international law?
As the  Government work to get hostages freed, will they also work for increasingly long humanitarian pauses that can build towards a just and lasting peace?
My hon.
Friend is right about trying to do everything we can in the region.
That is why I sent a Royal Navy task group to try to de-escalate tensions, including RFA Lyme Bay and RFA Argus.
Those facilities, along with others, are doing everything they can to help lower the tensions and certainly act as deterrents, and to ensure that we can get aid into the region.
He will be interested to hear that we have had 51 tonnes of aid delivered so far, and there will be another flight later this month.
There are thousands of orphans and displaced families amid an ongoing humanitarian catastrophe.
What are the Government doing to ensure that unrestricted aid is reaching all the people who desperately need it, and, importantly, to ensure that Israel lifts the siege conditions?
As the hon.
Lady will know, we are in favour of seeing pauses in the action.