Members in supporting their local areas to develop strong plans for renewal.
From Chorley, Mr Speaker, to Elgin, and from Doncaster to Rhyl, these local infrastructure projects will restore pride in place and improve everyday life for local people.
We have targeted funding at the places most in need, as identified through our levelling-up needs metrics.
We have also ensured a fair geographic spread across Great Britain, including £122 million across six projects in Scotland and £111 million across seven projects in Wales.
That means that across all three rounds we have invested more than £1 billion in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, exceeding our original funding commitments.
It also means that across all three rounds of the fund, the north-east and the north-west will have received more per capita than any other region in England.
They are followed closely by the east midlands and by Yorkshire and the Humber.
Our round 3 investments double down on two of our key levelling-up missions—pride in place and improving transport—but we also recognise the key role that culture plays in levelling up.
We invested £1 billion on projects with a cultural component in rounds 1 and 2, and as part of this round we are setting aside a further £100 million for culture projects to be announced in due course.
We want to get delivery happening quickly.
We will work closely with local authorities to confirm that their projects remain viable, and we will provide ongoing support to ensure that local places are able to deliver.
We are committed to giving local areas the funding and power they need to deliver transformative change within their communities.
We have committed more than £13 billion of local growth funding for communities the length and breadth of our country.
We have invested in pride in place and reversed decades of decline.
We are taking long-term decisions for a brighter future for our country.
I commend this statement to the House.
I thank the Minister for advance sight of his statement.
I start by congratulating all those areas that have been successful in their bids—including Chorley, Mr Speaker.
Commiserations to all those areas that have missed out once again, although the truth is that even the areas that have won will find that this money is a drop in the ocean, compared with the £15 billion cut from local government funding since 2010.
Only six weeks ago there were reports that councils face a £3.5 billion shortfall in their budgets for this year alone.
How does today’s announcement help them face that existential threat?
At least the Government appear to have finally accepted that local authorities were forced to spend disproportionate sums in previous rounds to get bids prepared, although we appear to have lurched from one extreme to the other: this time, councils have not been involved in any dialogue on the bids and were possibly not even aware that their bids were being considered.
Will the Minister tell us what discussions have taken place with local authorities before decisions were made?
Given that the proposals are approaching being a couple of years old, what assurances will he give us that they still reflect local priorities?
The Government’s methodology notes say the Department capped bids for regeneration projects outside priority areas by local authority and region.
Did any projects that met the Department’s threshold not get funded for that reason, and which ones were they?
Please do tell us what on earth is meant by a “funding simplification doctrine”—is it an elaborate way of saying sorry?
Does it apply to all Government spending decisions, or just to this Department because it has so patently failed to get a grip on spending that it has to have its own doctrine?