First, Mr Speaker, it is good to be at the Dispatch Box opposite the right hon.
Gentleman.
I thank him, as well as yourself and others, for their condolences when I was not able to attend the first Defence questions.
In terms of protecting our own personnel, I have asked the Chief of the Defence Staff to review their position.
I made reference to the additional personnel who have moved to the region, but did not mention that several have been moved to Tel Aviv, Beirut and Jordan, all with the aim of protecting both British military personnel and British citizens in the region.
We keep that matter under constant review.
Would the Defence Secretary agree that over the past decade, there has been an international failure to pursue a Palestinian peace settlement and tackle the Hamas threat?
Middle east escalation risks were not mentioned in the Government’s defence Command Paper update, nor were Hamas or Palestine.
With threats increasing, is the Defence Secretary pursuing that defence plan in full, including further deep cuts to the British Army?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right to say that nobody, including the Israelis, saw what Hamas were about to do coming.
That points to the need for much greater surveillance, but also—much wider than that—the need to pursue the two-state solution, which is official British policy and is something that the world must do as this conflict, we hope, comes to an end.
The answer to the right hon.
Gentleman’s question about being able to deploy British troops and, indeed, assets is that when I asked the question, the answer came back immediately: “Yes, we can do it, and there is more that we could do should we need to.”
I am satisfied that we cut our cloth in order to react to events around the world, which of course came on top of what  we are doing in Kosovo and elsewhere.
We will certainly make sure that we maintain the resources to carry out those important missions.
What recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of service accommodation for armed forces personnel.
What steps he is taking to improve service accommodation for armed forces personnel.
Currently, 96.5% of the service family accommodation meets or exceeds the Government’s decent homes standard; only those properties should be allocated to service families.
The Government continue to invest significant sums to improve the quality of UK service family accommodation.
The Defence Infrastructure Organisation received an investment of £400 million over this financial year and the next as part of the defence Command Paper refresh, meaning that the forecast £380.2 million for this year is more than double last year’s investment in maintenance and improvements.
The Minister will be aware that this time last year, almost 5,000 homes of armed forces personnel were affected by black mould and damp, which obviously included many properties that had children in them.
A year on, too many of our service personnel and their families still have this problem.
No matter whether it is one house or 5,000 houses, can the Minister set out how he is going to tackle this problem quickly?
Our armed forces personnel and their families deserve better than what they have been getting to date.
The hon.
Gentleman asks an excellent question.
We are aware that what happened last winter was not good enough.
Too many homes were affected, particularly by damp and mould.
That is why we have prioritised getting the investment in, and it has more than doubled in the current financial year.
I am pleased to confirm to him that last week I set out our winter plan.
It shows that 4,000 homes in the defence estate would benefit from significant work on damp and mould, which is about 60% of the total number that require that work.