Meanwhile, the services continue to meet all their operational commitments, keeping the country and its interests safe.
Since my election, I have met many new recruits during visits with the armed forces parliamentary scheme, and I have always been incredibly impressed by their sense of duty, their commitment to serve their country and their recognition of the great careers that lie before them, but we know that there are still shortages in recruitment.
How can my right hon.
Friend ensure that all parts of the armed forces recruit the right number of people, with the right mix of skills and experience to keep our nation safe in these increasingly dangerous times?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that recruitment to the armed forces is mixed—some of it is good, some of it less good—across the western world.
We are struggling to recruit people into our armed forces, and we must redouble our efforts.
That is why we have had the Haythornthwaite review and the tri-service recruitment model, which I am convinced will plug the gaps that we have in skills and overall numbers.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential impact of the operational MGS employment contract on applications for promotion in the Ministry of Defence Guard Service.
There is no evidence—[Interruption.]
Order.
Look, I do not need Members making signals to me on taking questions—it is quite obvious that I go from the Government side to the Opposition side.
There is no evidence that the operational MOD Guard Service employment contract has had a material bearing on workflow, recruitment and retention.
However, it is not possible to conduct an accurate assessment of the impact that OMEC has had on applications from staff seeking promotion, because of the way applications are filed.
That said, the MOD Guard Service is encouraged by the volume of applications received for vacancies through fair and open competition, no doubt encouraged by the fact that OMEC terms and conditions of service remain highly favourable when compared with private sector security companies.
I thank the Minister for his response but, respectfully, I do not find it sufficient.
My constituent has provided more than a decade’s service within the Ministry of Defence Guard Service.
He reports that he and his contemporaries are disincentivised to apply for promotion, because it would mean switching to the new OMEC contracts from their legacy contracts and an extra six hours’ work a week.
Many are leaving.
Will the Minister promise to investigate this issue thoroughly?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady.
The new way of working was passed through the trade union consultation process, of course, and in terms of pay, pension, leave and sickness benefits and working hours, the MOD Guard Service performs well, as I have said, against private security companies.
That is why we appear to be recruiting and retaining well.
What steps his Department is taking to help ensure stability in the Indo-Pacific region.
The tempo of our engagements and operations in the Indo-Pacific grows all the time on land, sea and air.
We are also strengthening regional resilience among our partners to uphold freedom of navigation, deter security threats and build support for international law throughout the Indo-Pacific.
I agree that relationships with several south-east Asian states have reached new highs as a result of partnerships in areas such as space and cyber as well as air and maritime capabilities.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that we should do more to ensure that the United Nations convention on the law of the sea is maintained in the South China sea, working closely with our partners in the region?
My hon.
Friend hides his light under a bushel, because as a trade envoy in the region he will have had much to do with the improved relationships we enjoy there.