We have trained 52,000 Ukrainian troops since 2014.
Our support is not for today or tomorrow or the short term; it is forever.
What assessment has the Defence Secretary made of the strategic importance to UK national security, and indeed that of the United States, of retaining British sovereignty over Diego Garcia?
It is essential that we maintain our position, to be able to assist ourselves and the United States, in Diego Garcia.
I am proud that my constituency is home to hundreds of armed forces personnel and their families and former families, but as Members on both sides of the House have mentioned, last winter far too many of them found themselves living in accommodation that simply was not fit for purpose.
Can the Minister confirm how we will be getting tough with the contractors who are letting down our families this winter, and can we have  some clarity on when all armed forces families will finally be able to live in homes that are fit for their heroes?
I commend the hon.
Gentleman for raising this important matter for his constituency, and I am pleased to work with him on what we offer his service personnel.
I have said that last winter was not good enough, but this year we are ramping up massively.
We have at times withheld profit from contractors where they have not performed, but what I want to see from them above all is delivery.
We have put in place the £400 million and I now want to see that delivered as improvements to houses, including work being done on boilers and on damp and mould.
Thousands of homes will be supported this winter and hopefully we will be in a far better position.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that we are more secure as a country when the world is a safer and more peaceful place, and that a successful two-state solution for the Israel and Palestine question is therefore a part of our own national security too?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about that.
The way that we can start along that path is that Hamas could release the 242 innocent civilians that they are holding hostage, which includes some Brits.
That would open the door to starting to be able to get a resolution.
That is what they should do, but sadly, I doubt that they are about to.
Labour Party research on waste in the Ministry of Defence shows that over £15 billion has been squandered since 2010, so when are the Government going to get a grip on defence procurement and secure value for money for the British taxpayer?
On all the key metrics there has been a significant improvement since the hon.
Gentleman’s party was in office.
If you were to ask, Mr Speaker, what the key test was for a procurement system, I would say it is wartime.
Of course we are not ourselves directly at war, but in supporting Ukraine, we have seen excellence in procurement, particularly at Defence Equipment and Support, getting equipment—
Order.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee, Robert Courts.
May I take this opportunity to formally welcome the Secretary of State to his position?
I am grateful for his comments on military accommodation being a priority for him.
The Select Committee is undertaking an inquiry into that as well.
One of the issues that has come up is the absence of a military uniformed accommodation officer who is responsible for continually inspecting accommodation and then liaising with the contractors to ensure that the repairs take place.
Is that something my hon.
Friend the Minister will consider?
I strongly congratulate my hon.
Friend on becoming Chair of the Defence Committee and I look forward to working with him.
I know that,  predating his appointment, he had a strong interest in accommodation, and I enjoyed visiting his constituency to look at the accommodation for Brize Norton.