Last Christmas, one service family told me that they went without a working boiler for three weeks and were forced to live in a hotel over Christmas and new year.
Can the Minister assure me that no one who serves our country in uniform will go without heating, or be forced out of their home this winter because of the dire state of their military accommodation?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member, and I repeat the point: we recognise that performance was not good enough last winter, which is why the Secretary of State made it an absolute priority to get the extra investment in.
Having done that, I am pleased to say that the winter plan does include boiler and heating upgrades for about 1,500 homes.
What discussions he has had with his US counterpart on increasing awareness of (a) non-combat incidents and (b) jurisdictional constraints affecting the armed forces.
Defence Ministers have close relationships with our US colleagues and discuss such issues on a case-by-case basis.
I thank the Minister for his answer.
It is fast approaching the sixth anniversary of Captain Dean Sprouting being killed, in a road traffic accident in 2018 while on operational duties, by US servicemen.
The US guardsmen did not adhere to any standard operation procedures or health and safety regulations, driving unsuitable and poorly maintained vehicles on an unnecessary journey.
Captain Sprouting’s death was both avoidable and preventable, and it would not have occurred had the US servicemen involved adhered to the regulations.
Despite the continuous efforts of his widow, Linda, for the Ministry of Defence to highlight the complicated jurisdictional procedures involved in blue-on-blue incidents, Linda and her boys continue to suffer the consequences on a daily basis.
What I would like to ask the Minister is: given that the Defence Minister in the Lords—
Order.
I think the Minister must have got the gist by now and be able to answer with something. [
Interruption.]
Just to help  the hon.
Member for Falkirk (John Mc Nally) , I have to try to get through a list of what are meant to be questions.
I gave him a long time to ask a question, and it was not forthcoming.
If I do not do this, I will not get through the other people who wish to ask questions.
The hon.
Gentleman raises a very complicated case and the widow, to whom I send my condolences, is obviously keen to see the matter resolved.
I suggest that the hon.
Gentleman and I meet to discuss the issue in appropriate detail.
I am happy to look at an Adjournment debate, if that helps, but we have to have short questions to get other people in.
What steps he is taking to support veterans.
What steps his Department is taking to support veterans.
The Ministry of Defence delivers a range of services to veterans and their families, including the administration and payment of armed forces pensions and compensation, and tailored advice and assistance through the Veterans Welfare Service, Defence Transition Services and integrated personal commissioning for veterans.
When veterans and their families are compensated for the detrimental impact their service has had on their lives, that is unjustly classed as income when applying for means-tested benefits, rendering veterans and their families ineligible for welfare support under UK Government control, the most significant of which is pension credit.
As a result, thousands of veterans miss out on almost £6,000 every year.
Will the Minister pledge his support for the Royal British Legion’s Credit their Service campaign?
And will he work with the Department for Work and Pensions and his other Cabinet colleagues to ensure that compensation awarded to veterans is disregarded when applying for means-tested benefits?
Of course the MOD works with the DWP on a range of issues.
Compensation is set in the full knowledge of how it will be dealt with under the benefits system in the UK.