I strongly congratulate my hon.
Friend on becoming Chair of the Defence Committee and I look forward to working with him.
I know that,  predating his appointment, he had a strong interest in accommodation, and I enjoyed visiting his constituency to look at the accommodation for Brize Norton.
I will consider his point and write to him.
In 2022, 11.2% of British Army recruits were women.
That is down from 12.6% in 2020.
In 2021, 9% of British Army recruits were from ethnic minority backgrounds, and that is down from 11.7% in 2020.
What is the Secretary of State doing to urgently remedy this reduction in the diversity of recruits?
I want to make it absolutely clear that I think everyone working within the civil service as part of the Ministry of Defence and, indeed, working in the UK armed forces should feel able to be represented and be a part of it.
I want to challenge the hon.
Lady’s figures: the numbers I have for female representation between last year and this year are 10.4%, rising to 11.5%—it has actually gone up, not down—and civilian representation at SCS level stands at 45%.
None the less, I accept the overall point that we need to see a far more balanced armed forces in the future.
Two years ago, the Defence Select Committee undertook an inquiry into the experiences of women in the armed forces.
While progress has been made, the culture within defence remains unacceptable.
We now understand that 60 female senior civil servants at the MOD have made allegations of sexual assault, harassment and abuse.
Would my right hon.
Friend like to comment?
I am very grateful to my hon.
Friend for her question, and I reiterate once again my thanks for all the hard work she has done on behalf of women in defence.
She is quite right: it is unacceptable.
Today, the permanent secretary has written to the Department with an action plan on how to deal with the specific issue my hon.
Friend has raised, in particular asking our non-executive directors to conduct a review, so that we can ensure that what we are doing stands up to muster against the norms in other large organisations.
The Ukraine conflict has reinforced the need for a thriving defence industry to underpin our security.
Will the Secretary of State now take the opportunity to revisit his predecessor’s policy of placing so many orders abroad, rather than in British industry with British workers, and in particular, the building of the fleet solid support ships in foreign yards?
The right hon.
Gentleman talks about the fleet solid support ships being built in foreign yards.
I can assure him that recently, I had the great pleasure of visiting Harland & Wolff at its Appledore yard in north Devon.
That is in the UK, and it is where a significant part of the FSS contract will be made.
Rock Barracks in my constituency is home to the excellent 23 Parachute Regiment.
I know the Government have invested a lot of money in new accommodation, but  people are being let down.
We know that Pinnacle is the problem, but it also worries me that people feel they cannot approach their MP directly because of retaliation if they make a complaint.
I encourage the Minister to come and visit so that we can fix this problem properly.
I am alarmed to hear that.
It is a pleasure to take a question from my right hon.
Friend, who is my constituency neighbour; it is not far for me to travel, and I would be delighted to do so.
I welcome the Minister’s statement last week that 60% of homes with damp and mould will be receiving support, because that has been such a big issue at RAF Shawbury in my constituency.