There are few greater champions for Cornwall in this House than my hon.
Friend, and I shall work with him to ensure that the business case is signed off as soon as possible and that we are able to see levelling up in Cornwall.
I am delighted that I will be visiting Cornwall in the very near future to sign a devolution deal.
I am not sure whether the Minister lives in some parallel universe, but he came to the Dispatch Box today to talk about the simplification of the process—a process that both he and the Secretary of State have been implementing—as though it is nothing to do with them.
County Durham had one successful bid in the first round, which happened to be in Bishop Auckland—surprise, surprise—the constituency of the former levelling-up Minister.
In round 2, Durham County Council was asked to put in bids and spent hundreds of thousands of pounds of taxpayers’ money doing so.
Once the bids were in, it was told that they would not be considered because it had had a successful one in round 1.
Will the  Minister compensate Durham County Council for the money it has wasted, not through its own inefficiency but because he seems to chip, chop and change the rules when he likes?
The right hon.
Member talks about the processes that are owned by my Department.
As I said, we are embarking on this ambitious funding simplification agenda purely on the basis of some of the points that he has raised.
Local authorities, Members of this House and the Select Committee were concerned about the number of competitions that were involved in various Government funds.
We are addressing that through our funding simplification doctrine.
The right hon.
Gentleman talks about Durham.
I simply say to him that the international territorial level region for the Tees Valley in Durham has received eight projects across the rounds of the levelling-up fund.
That equates to £128 per capita in the region, which is one of the highest amounts.
I would ask him to welcome that.
Bolton is opening its new £40 million Institute of Medical Sciences, which followed an earlier £50 million levelling-up fund investment.
Will my hon.
Friend confirm that the latest £20 million of funding for Bolton town centre, for which I am very grateful, is not the end of his commitment to the people of Bolton?
It could not be the end of the levelling-up commitment in Bolton, because of the efforts of my hon.
Friend, who works so hard for his constituents.
I am delighted that Bolton is receiving money in this round, and I will work with him to ensure that levelling up continues in his part of the world.
In his statement, the Minister referred to Scotland, Wales, Northern Ireland, the north-east, the north-west, the east midlands, and Yorkshire and the Humber.
There was no mention of the south-west.
How can this Conservative Government claim that they want to level up communities when Conservative-run Devon County Council cannot even level up the potholes?
I am delighted to confirm for the hon.
Member that the south-west region has received 20 projects across the rounds of the levelling-up fund to a total value of £409 million.
That works out at about £71 per capita.
I thank the hon.
Member.
May I warmly welcome the announcement of over £18 million to regenerate Gosport’s historic waterfront?
It will drive jobs, attract visitors and drum up a huge amount of economic prosperity for the area, which has such a rich cultural heritage but has been overlooked for so long.
This excellent bid was, of course, submitted under the previous Conservative-led administration.
The council has since changed hands and it will be for the Liberal Democrat leadership to deliver on it.
This is a Lib Dem leadership that has already paid back £1.3 million of brownfield land release funding to the Government because it was unable to spend it.