What steps he is taking to support Afghan citizens who are eligible for the Afghan relocations and assistance policy.
Some 13,000 eligible persons and their families are now in the UK under the ARAP scheme.
We are determined  to deliver on our commitments, with many hundreds more arrivals in the UK planned before the end of the year.
In the light of Pakistan’s brutal crackdown on undocumented and temporary visa-bearing Afghan refugees and its forcible deportation of those people back to Afghanistan, can the Minister confirm the security of those eligible for the Afghan citizens resettlement and ARAP schemes in Pakistan, including many whose claims have been unprocessed for two years?
Can he expedite those claims to stop people being thrown back into the clutches of the Taliban?
May I gently encourage Members on both sides of the House to change their tone when describing the Government of Pakistan in relation to these matters?
We would not have brought out thousands of people had it not been for the support of the Government of Pakistan, and we continue to enjoy their support and co-operation in our efforts to bring out many thousands more.
As the hon.
Lady well knows, because it has been well covered in the media, the Government of Pakistan have sought to accelerate the deportation of those whom they consider to be there illegally, but our excellent team in the high commission in Islamabad are working day and night with the Government of Pakistan to ensure that that does not happen to those who are in Pakistan under ARAP and ACRS.
We are moving at our best pace to bring people back, with the full co-operation of the Government of Pakistan.
What steps his Department is taking to provide military support to the Ukrainian armed forces.
We continue to support Ukraine—we provided £2.3 billion of military support in the last year—and will go on doing so, because Putin must not win in Ukraine.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for that answer and for the consistency of support the British Government have shown and the way they have led our NATO allies in support of the Ukrainians right from the start.
How are we going to maintain that lead in the face of another war in the middle east, a certain amount of disarray in the Congress and indeed some visible wavering among our European allies?
My right hon.
Friend is right that the UK has led, and we must continue to do so.
I have visited Ukraine twice this year, I hosted a Ukrainian family for a year in my own home, and the Government have set up the British-led international fund for Ukraine, which is on its way to delivering, I think, nearly £800 million of support.
We have also been first with tanks, with ammunition, with long-range missiles and with permissions, and we intend to be first with this war going forward.
It is vital that we continue to give military aid to Ukraine and to show our steadfast support and leadership in Europe.
Has the Secretary of State had a chance, since he came into office, to meet with representatives of the defence industry to talk  about how we maintain that level of military aid to Ukraine and, if he has had such a meeting, what was the outcome?
Yes, on several occasions, including in Kyiv and, more recently, last Thursday at the MOD, where I met with large, medium and small defence companies to discuss exactly that issue.
There are a whole range of measures in place to increase the amount of arms, particularly arms replenishment, that can come through via UK companies.
Having supported Ukraine from the beginning, we must support them all the way through to the end, and we intend to do so.
What steps his Department is taking to ensure that the armed forces have the skills required for the future.