Further to that, the hon.
Gentleman asked about funding simplification and why we are embarking on that.
He mentioned the NAO’s concerns.
Some of its concerns are legitimate, but we looked at its report and many of the figures dated from March.
We have spent £1.5 billion on local places since March.
We announced the funding simplification plan in July, in response to the commitment we made in the levelling-up White Paper to simplify the funding landscape.
Finally, the hon.
Gentleman described £13 billion of levelling-up funding as “crumbs”.
That says it all about the Labour party.
It does not recognise the value of anything.
We are investing £13 billion in local priorities, and Labour describes that as crumbs.
I leave it to the House to determine what it thinks of that.
I am well accustomed in this place to rejection, and after rounds 1 and 2 of the levelling-up fund, it was disappointing not to see Brixham and Paignton recognised.
However, I am delighted today to see that Brixham harbour and the EPIC centre in Torbay business park have been recognised with £20 million of support, which will make a huge difference.
Can the Minister reassure me that that money will come in good time and good order, so that we have the ability to deliver as quickly as possible in our coastal communities?
Absolutely.
We are delighted to be funding high-tech fish and chips in Brixham.
This announcement comes on top of additional funding pots that we have been able to give Torbay, including the levelling-up partnership, on which I am working well with my hon.
Friends the Members for Totnes (Anthony Mangnall)  and for Torbay (Kevin Foster).
The funding will come in due course and we will work with local authorities to ensure that they can still deliver the projects on time and to plan.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
Some Members may have an advantage on me in that they have seen the details of the allocation, which I have been handed just this second, so I will give a completely constituency-neutral response to the Minister’s statement.
However hard the Tories try to hide the truth, the fact is that these days, the word most people will apply before Britain is “broken”.
Most people support genuine levelling up—who could argue with it?—but when the Prime Minister’s constituency got more than the whole of Glasgow last time around, and when most people think their high streets are getting worse rather than better, we have to ask what the real agenda is.
Will the Minister confirm how much of the money he boasts has been committed since 2019 has actually been spent?
How does it compare to the overspend on HS2, for example?
The Scottish Government have decades of experience—Scottish Governments of various political persuasions, by the way—in successfully allocating EU funding, for example, in true partnership with local authorities.
What discussions did the UK Government have with the Scottish Government, given their statutory role in culture and transport, and their role in pride in place, before he made today’s announcement?
What discussions did they have with the Convention of Scottish Local Authorities to get a consensus view on what Scottish local authorities need?
Or is this decision just being made by somebody in a ministerial office in Whitehall who is as out of touch with Scotland today as they will be out of office next year?
The hon.
Gentleman describes being out of touch with Scotland; he also mentions Glasgow.
I should tell him that Glasgow has received £15 million in this round, so I suggest that it is he who is out of touch with Scotland.
The Government have a responsibility to all people, businesses and communities across the whole United Kingdom across all three rounds of the funds.
As I mentioned in my statement, we have invested £1 billion of levelling-up funding in local authorities in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
The hon.