What are the Government doing to ensure that unrestricted aid is reaching all the people who desperately need it, and, importantly, to ensure that Israel lifts the siege conditions?
As the hon.
Lady will know, we are in favour of seeing pauses in the action.
Some people, I know, call for a ceasefire, but I would point out that there was a ceasefire on  6 October ; the problem is that it was broken by Hamas, who wrought this carnage on the middle east.
We are doing everything possible to help get that aid in.
With the Royal Navy taskforce, infantry, and other personnel in the region, we now have an uplift of about 600 personnel in the wider region, who are all helping to ensure that we get the aid in and across the border once we have got it to the region itself.
I welcome the Defence Secretary to his place.
Behind Hamas, sits Iran; behind Iran, sits Russia; and, increasingly, behind Russia sits China.
That is the geopolitical backdrop that will define the next decade, with growing authoritarianism impacting on our security and our economy.
Is it now time to increase the defence budget to 3%?
My right hon.
Friend will know that we have indeed pledged to increase defence spending to 2.5%, as economic conditions allow.
This year, it will probably be around 2.4%, so we are making good progress.
Prior to getting this role, I talked about my own desire to see higher defence spending, because we are living in a much less certain world, with many more variables.
He is right to point out Iran’s action, with Hezbollah in Lebanon, Syrian militias in Iraq, and Houthis in Yemen very much driving the situation.
The reality is that neither the long-term security of Israel nor justice for the Palestinians will be found through bombs and bullets.
As an international community, we need to be doing all we can to move to an enduring cessation of the violence, but while we are doing that, can the Secretary of State say how the UK armed forces will be utilising their capacity to help those getting aid into Gaza to get much bigger quantities in than is happening at the moment?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right about the UK’s desire to do that, and I have talked about how we have deployed a large increase in personnel  in the region to work with various Governments.
I have personally spoken to most of the middle eastern Governments, and on those calls the first thing they have done is welcome our deterrent and the fact that we have brought such a large amount of aid—now £30 million—to help the Palestinians.
It is not just the hostages themselves who are being held hostage; the population of Gaza are being held hostage by Hamas, and therefore the solution is to deal with Hamas themselves.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
After nearly three months, it is very good to finally welcome the Defence Secretary to the Dispatch Box for the first time.
He reflects the deep concern about the humanitarian catastrophe in Gaza and the risks of wider escalation.
Labour totally condemns Hamas terrorism.
We back Israel’s right to defend itself, but require it to meet its duties under international law and lift the siege conditions, and we want to see the breaks in fighting extended to get much more aid in and the hostages out.
We back the military deployments to the region to support wider security, but with attacks against US personnel rising, what action is the Defence Secretary taking to increase protection for UK personnel in the middle east?
First, Mr Speaker, it is good to be at the Dispatch Box opposite the right hon.
Gentleman.
I thank him, as well as yourself and others, for their condolences when I was not able to attend the first Defence questions.