And will he work with the Department for Work and Pensions and his other Cabinet colleagues to ensure that compensation awarded to veterans is disregarded when applying for means-tested benefits?
Of course the MOD works with the DWP on a range of issues.
Compensation is set in the full knowledge of how it will be dealt with under the benefits system in the UK.
By most measures, the armed forces compensation scheme and the war pension scheme are felt to be sound and appropriate for awarding significant amounts of money to those who have served our country and who, unfortunately, have been disadvantaged as a result.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in thanking The Veterans Charity in North Devon for their Poppies to Paddington operation, which saw 231 wreaths from the Great Western Railway region reach Paddington for Remembrance Day, and for their incredible work to help support our wonderful veterans across the UK?
I absolutely will, and I add my congratulations to my hon.
Friend’s in thanking The Veterans Charity in North Devon.
I also congratulate her on the extraordinary support she gives to our veterans in her constituency and elsewhere, particularly as we come out of the season of remembrance, which I know you were heavily involved with too, Mr Speaker.
It is important to reflect on those who give so much in the service of our country.
I call the shadow Minister.
Over the past year, the number of veterans claiming universal credit has increased by 31.6%, which is nearly a third.
Does the Minister recognise that the King’s Speech failed to help veterans in receipt of universal credit to cope with the increased cost of living caused by his Government’s economic failure?
And does he further recognise that some of the long-term sick who his party has been attacking in the media over the last few days are veterans with physical and mental health challenges?
What advice has he given his colleagues about the Conservative party rhetoric, and about lending their full support to our veterans and all those who have served?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that universal credit is an in-work benefit.
Within the system, there are allowances that we offer to our veterans that can be improved.
As he knows, that is why we have instituted the quinquennial review and the independent review of veterans’ welfare services, which we will be responding to shortly.
If he will make an estimate of the annual maintenance and running costs of the Trident nuclear programme.
The Ministry of Defence co-ordinates a range of interdependent programmes to support, maintain and renew the nuclear deterrent.
The expected cost of the combined defence nuclear enterprise will be set out at supplementary estimates in February.
The estimated costs of Trident’s renewal stand at the moment at £31 billion, with a further £10 billion earmarked for contingency.
We know that containment of nuclear material is a problem for the Ministry of Defence, and we also know from recent reports that a Vanguard-class submarine nearly had a collision over the weekend.
Our party put in a freedom of information request asking about transportation of nuclear material through Scotland, and that was rebuffed.
The UK Government may be content to play second fiddle to the US on weapons of mass destruction, but can the Secretary of State explain the lack of transparency on WMD movement in Scotland, and justify Scotland’s being kept in the dark?
Is it not time to abandon this costly and dangerous bomb and get it out of Scotland for good?
Order.
Let us help each other to get through the list, please.
I profoundly disagree about this being the time to abandon the deterrent.
I could not think of a worse time.
The policy of the hon.
Gentleman’s party is not just to abandon the deterrent but to withdraw from NATO.