We seized quite a lot of yachts and aircraft, which have still not been released, to ensure that they did not benefit from their closeness to Putin.
The hon.
Gentleman is right that over time we must keep cranking up the different ways by which we ensure that money is not flowing to that regime, and we will continue to keep that under review.
I believe that the ability to make virgin steel is crucial to the UK’s defence capabilities.
Does my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State agree?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point.
She has been a long-running champion of the steel sector and its importance to her constituents.
Of course, we want a smooth transition between blast furnace and electronic arc steel making technology.
Steel remains incredibly important to the defence sector.
Take the Type 26: almost 50% of that is British steel.
That is 1,400 tonnes per ship.
That underlines why it is so important that, in constituencies such as my hon.
Friend’s, we continue to support the steel sector.[Official Report,  27 November 2023 , Vol.
741, c. 6MC.]
The Secretary of State and his predecessors rightly called out the wanton and unlawful destruction of civilian infrastructure in Ukraine—homes, hospitals and schools.
Why can they not show equal uproar at what is happening to civilians in Gaza?
There is a principle in international law that a country can defend itself.
Ukraine was attacked for absolutely no reason whatsoever.
While we call on Israel, both privately and publicly, to protect civilians in whatever way it can, Hamas are using civilians as human shields, and deliberately using the infrastructure on top of them to hide behind.
I would have thought that the hon.
Gentleman could see the difference.
Does the Secretary of State agree that it is vital that his counterparts in the US Administration realise that if Putin does not lose in Ukraine, the peace and security of the whole of Europe is called into question, so it is in their short and medium-term interests to make sure that Putin is seen to fail?
My right hon.
Friend is characteristically correct about this, but I would widen that point: we are talking about the security of not just Europe, but the Indo-Pacific, and indeed the entire world.
Putin must not win.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I would like to make a statement on levelling up.
This Government are committed to levelling up and creating opportunities across all regions and nations of the UK.
Last year, we set out our 12 levelling-up missions in the levelling-up White Paper, all principally aimed at tackling regional inequality, because we believe that people’s opportunities should be the same wherever they live, be it in a city or town, on an island, or in a rural or coastal community.
I am proud to say that since 2019 this Conservative Government have committed over £13 billion of local growth funding to levelling up.
Through the levelling-up fund, the town deal, the UK shared prosperity fund, the future high streets fund and much more, we are regenerating town centres and high streets, improving local transport, funding heritage assets and boosting productivity, jobs and living standards.
Our recently announced long-term plan for towns is providing long-term investment for 55 towns, and the money is to be spent on local people’s priorities.
We have launched our investment zone programme: 12 investment zones across the UK will grow key industries of the future and increase jobs.
That includes west Yorkshire’s investment zone, announced earlier today, which will focus on life sciences.
We have also made excellent progress on freeports.
All freeports in England are now open for business, and we have announced a further four in Wales and Scotland.