Gentleman is wrong.
I shall write to him following the statement on exactly how much UK shared prosperity funding his area has received, and I hope that when I do, he will come back to the Chamber to update the House on the facts of the matter.
He asked how much money has been spent since the National Audit Office released the figures in March: £1.5 billion has been spent since then, but I would be delighted to come up and visit the humble crofter’s constituency.
Pardon me for having an unfashionable Thatcherite point of view, but much better than Government, taxpayer-funded levelling up is private sector levelling up.
Although I thank the Secretary of State for having released some money for Gainsborough, £300 million of private sector levelling up, namely for RAF Scampton, is at risk in my constituency.
Will the Minister meet me after the court case to ensure that, whatever its result, we get on with levelling up?
For instance, the roof of the officers’ mess alone will cost half a million pounds.
The roofs of the hangars are decaying.
The site will not be viable unless private sector investment is unleashed and the Home Office gets on with it.
I would be delighted to meet my right hon.
Friend, but one of the key ways to unlock private investment in the Greater Lincolnshire area is to progress with the devolution deal.
I shall be delighted to meet him to discuss that further.
What consideration has the Minister given to the formation of development corporations to deliver specific projects?
As he may be aware, I represent a Durham constituency that includes one of the poorest communities in the country.
There has been a failure to leverage investment into the county, most notably in round 2 but also in round 3, and to resolve some very serious structural problems.
I can identify lots of problems in the ABC streets in Easington, and the numbered streets in Horden and Peterlee town centre.
We had two very successful development corporations.
May I remind the Minister that Durham is run by a coalition of Conservatives, Lib Dems and independents that is failing to deliver?
I hear the hon.
Gentleman’s plea for more development corporations.
We are obviously on an ambitious journey with the north-east to devolve  further through the new mayoral North East Combined Authority.
That will be a key way to help ensure levelling up in his part of the world.