The Royal Free is the only local provider that offers this life-changing treatment 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Does the Minister agree that the Royal Free maternity unit has to stay open for the sake of those vulnerable groups of women?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising her concerns, but as I said, this is a public consultation.
It runs for 14 weeks and will close on  17 March .
I urge her to raise her concerns as part of that consultation.
It is absolutely crucial that we keep expertise in our maternity services, but I understand that the local proposals by the trust and the integrated care board outline plans for £40 million of significant additional investment into maternity services.
Those decisions are for the local ICB and the local trust.
The deadline is  17 March , and I urge the hon.
Lady to ensure she takes part in that process.
Remaining in north London, can I bring to those on the Treasury Bench my concern over the quality of nursing care at Barnet Hospital?
An elderly constituent of mine, who is in her 80s, was admitted there recently.
She asked to use the lavatory but was told no one could take her, and was handed a nappy; she waited three hours until someone could actually take her to the loo.
She is a coeliac, but was not offered any food for coeliacs during her 10-day stay because nobody had read her notes.
She was also moved around her bed by her arms despite having a broken shoulder, which nobody knew as nobody had read her notes.
I am very sorry to hear about the experience of my hon.
Friend’s constituent.
That level of care is absolutely unacceptable.
I know he has raised this particular issue with the Patient Safety Commissioner, Henrietta Hughes, but I am very happy to meet with my hon.
Friend and his constituent to discuss those complaints, because that care is not acceptable.
What steps she is taking to reduce waiting times for gynaecology treatment.
At Buckinghamshire Healthcare NHS Trust, the number of gynaecology patients waiting more than 52 weeks reduced by over 30% between August and December, but I sympathise with the many women who are still waiting too long.
NHS England has been doing targeted work to help trusts with the most long waiters to support gynaecology patients in the community where appropriate, and to find specialist services that can treat them as quickly as possible.
My local NHS trust recently stated  that the average wait for a gynaecology appointment is 18 weeks, with patients starting treatment within 24 weeks, but that does not include those on cancer pathways.
One of my constituents who had been identified as having abnormal cells in her cervix waited more than 60 weeks for a diagnostic assessment.
She is one of many contacting me with tales of long delays for gynaecology appointments and paying to go private out of desperation.
What steps is the Department taking to reduce waiting times for gynaecology assessments and treatment for those on cancer pathways?
Significant investment is going in to reduce both general wait times and cancer wait times.
More patients on the cancer pathway have been seen than ever before; nearly 220,000 patients were seen last December following an urgent GP referral for suspected cancer, representing 117% of December 2019 levels.
We continue to keep this under review and continue to strive to make the system go faster and reduce the elective backlog.
I call the shadow Minister.
NHS figures from December show that the number of women waiting for gynaecological treatment reached another record high of nearly 600,000.
That number has tripled since 2012.
A Labour Government will cut NHS waiting lists in England by funding 2 million more appointments a year.
What can the Minister say to the women waiting urgently for treatment?