Under this legislation, the answer to each of those questions will be yes.
The Bill has been built on a bedrock of safety, protecting not just the driver inside the car but road users outside the vehicle.
As I mentioned in answer to  the hon.
Member for Easington (Grahame Morris) , I chaired a roundtable with road safety groups last week and explained how we are holding self-driving vehicles to a higher safety standard than the average human driver, guided by principles we will soon consult on; how these vehicles must meet rigorous technical requirements before rolling off production lines and being authorised for our roads; and how we will tackle misleading marketing, with new offences for companies that seek to blur the line between true self-driving and driver assistance.
That gets to the nub of the point.
Because these vehicles are going to be automated, they will be governed by an algorithm written by a human  being somewhere remote from where an accident might occur.
How do we determine whether the primary purpose of that algorithm is to protect the person in the car or someone outside the car, such as a pedestrian or a child crossing the road?
How does the algorithm make a choice in those circumstances?
We will consult on the statement of safety principles, which will set out the governing principles of the legislation.
On the specifics, this will be about making sure that the manufacturers—those who create the software and those who put the cars together—have rigorous processes for testing and decision-making.
Those systems will have to be authorised to be used in our cars, and it will be important to look at their data and their track records.
As I say, in real-world situations where these vehicles are being used—for example, in California—the evidence suggests that they have a very good safety record that is much better than that of human drivers.
There is a big opportunity here to have a safer road environment, not just for the users of the vehicles but for other road users.
I do not know whether the hon.
Gentleman has had the opportunity to ride in a self-driving vehicle, but the data they collect of their surroundings is interesting.
My personal observation is that the space they give when passing a cyclist, for example, is a lot more generous than that I have seen many human drivers give.
Of course, those parameters are going to be set and regulated, and people will have to be assured that the vehicles are safe before they are on the road.
Ultimately, the manufacturer will be legally responsible if they turn out not to be.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for giving way a second time.
I agree entirely that, overall, roads will be safer with automated vehicles, but there will still be accidents.
My question was specifically about where there is an accident and there is a choice to be made about protecting the person inside the car and injuring someone outside the car.
How do we determine what takes priority in those circumstances?
We will consult on the safety principles, but with some of this stuff we have to look at the way the vehicles make decisions.
We cannot possibly legislate for every single set of circumstances.
In the same way, when there is a collision involving a vehicle with a human driver, the driver will make the best decision they can in the specific circumstances.
Sometimes those situations lead to legal conflict and then people have to make a judgment.
We cannot legislate for every single one of those circumstances in advance.
What we can do is make sure there are robust systems that make good decisions based on the best data, and then look at the track record.
We will also set up a regulatory system whereby any accident involving an automated vehicle will be properly investigated.
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point.