Is there not potential for a legal conflict between a driver who says, “I was in self-driving mode,” and a company that says, “No, it was switched off”?
Does the Secretary of State see that it might be very difficult to establish what happened in such circumstances?
Potentially, but that is exactly why the earlier question about data is very important.
These vehicles generate a huge amount of data and one part  of the authorisation process will be making sure that that data is properly managed and there is proper access to it by the investigators of any potential accident and the insurance industry to establish exactly what has happened in such circumstances.
rose—
I give way to the Chairman of the Select Committee on Transport.
I want to build on the question from  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon)  about the situation where a driver is in control of the car at some point and at other points the car is autonomous.
That will presumably result in drivers becoming less experienced, as they will not accumulate as much knowledge and experience of driving.
When the automated features switch off and the driver needs to take control, those will be potentially immediate and challenging circumstances.
Is my right hon.
Friend assured that the driving test and refresher courses will give drivers sufficient capacity to take over in those circumstances?
My hon.
Friend raises a good point.
I am very comfortable with the driving test; it continues to be updated to make sure drivers are familiar with features such as satnavs, and the new technology will be added.
The wider question about how often drivers drive and how experienced they are of course arises now.
Someone can take a driving test and not drive very much but occasionally hire a vehicle, and we hold them to the same standard as those who drive day in and day out; they are still responsible.
There might in these circumstances be a question about whether it would be sensible for people to take refresher courses and do further training, and we will want to monitor that and determine whether we should legislate for it or issue guidance.
It is an interesting point for us to keep an eye on.