That number has tripled since 2012.
A Labour Government will cut NHS waiting lists in England by funding 2 million more appointments a year.
What can the Minister say to the women waiting urgently for treatment?
I would say that we are sticking to our plan to back the NHS to cut waiting lists and make our NHS fairer, simpler and faster.
When there is no strike action, that plan is working.
We already eliminated the longest waits, and, in November, we saw the biggest fall in waiting lists outside of the pandemic in more than a decade, alongside record investment in things like women’s health hubs.
We are prioritising women’s health.
What steps her Department is taking to improve access to primary care.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of primary care provision in rural communities.
We have met our manifesto commitment to deliver a record extra 50 million GP appointments annually.
Our primary care recovery plan addresses   increased GP access and expands community pharmacy services nationwide with Pharmacy First.
Our NHS dentist reform plan also allocates resources for 2.5 million appointments, targeting rural and coastal communities.
I thank the Secretary of State for her response, and I thank the Minister for Health and Secondary Care, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Pendle (Andrew Stephenson) , for visiting the community diagnostic centre and minor injuries unit at the Herts and Essex Hospital yesterday and all the fantastic staff there.
Frontier Estates committed to building a GP surgery as part of the wider Stortford Fields development.
However, citing inflated build costs, it now questions the viability of the plans despite months of negotiations and efforts by the local NHS to find a solution.
Will my right hon.
Friend work with colleagues in the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities, with whom I have already met on this issue, to ensure that Frontier really engages with the process and builds the surgery it promised my constituents?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on the enormous amount of work she has done in her constituency to secure that community diagnostic centre.
We have rolled out some 160 or so of those centres across England —we want to do more—and they are supplying some  6 million tests and scans for patients across England.
On the important issue that my hon.
Friend raised, my officials and Levelling Up officials are already considering how primary care infrastructure can be better supported in the planning process to ease the pressure on primary care estates, particularly in areas of housing growth.
I know that she will continue to be as conscientious in her campaigning on that as she is on other matters.
Rural communities need local, easily accessible primary care.
Since Long Crendon surgery closed during the pandemic, patients in that village and surrounding villages have been displaced, mainly to Brill and Thame, for GP appointments.
For the vulnerable and those without private cars, the absence of regular bus services can mean an unaffordable £25 at least in taxis to see a GP.
I have raised many times an innovative approach to building a new health centre in Long Crendon by the parish council, which has the land and the agreement by the ICB for the rent to put Unity Health in there—we just need the money to build it.
Will my right hon.
Friend break down every barrier to help us get that health centre built in Long Crendon?
Again, I very much admire the effort and determination that my hon.
Friend is showing to stand up for his constituents.