We are learning lessons about what has worked over the past year, and from where we have not made so much progress, to ensure that we do better in areas such as the hon.
Lady’s over the year ahead.
I thank the Minister for her positive answers; they are really appreciated.
Bearing in mind the pressure that GPs are under, which is leading to more pressure on emergency provision, what steps are being taken to provide greater incentives for medical students to take on positions in GP surgeries?
That would make a big difference.
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to talk about the whole health system.
One thing we are doing as part of our work on urgent and emergency care is preventing people from being admitted to hospital unnecessarily, or from being brought to A&E in the first place.
Primary care is part of that.
In our investment in expanding medical school places, we are particularly encouraging medical schools, such as the new Kent and Canterbury Medical School near me, to train students to work more outside hospitals, including in primary care.
I call the shadow Minister.
Despite watering down the targets for ambulance response times and the A&E four-hour wait, the Government still cannot meet them.
We have heard from Members across the House this morning how patients are waiting longer.
The new targets say that there will be further improvements in 2024-25, and the Minister has said that again this morning.
Can she let us in on what exactly they will be?
I am not going to pre-empt the publication of targets for the coming year, but, as I have said, we will continue to learn lessons from the progress that we have made this year, including on ambulance response times, which are down by over a third.
Anyway, I will take no lessons from Labour, because we know the state of the NHS in Wales.
What progress her Department has made on reforming social care.
We are making great progress on our 10-year vision for adult social care reform.
We have introduced the first ever national career structure for care workers, and we have introduced new assessments by the Care Quality Commission, which will shine a light on how well councils are delivering their social care duties.
I am most grateful to my hon.
Friend for that reply.
In Suffolk, where the population is increasingly elderly, social care is under enormous pressure, and it is a significant challenge to recruit carers, pay them fairly and provide them with a proper career path.
Therefore, I heard what my hon.
Friend said, but will she consider commissioning a long-term workforce plan for adult social care equivalent to that for the NHS?
My hon.
Friend is right about the importance of the social care workforce: social care is its workforce.
I can assure him that we already have a plan for the care workforce, set out in the “People at the Heart of Care” White Paper, and now we are putting it into practice.
Our care workforce pathway is already being implemented, our new accredited qualification for care workers will be launched later this year, and we are backing social care with up to £8.6 billion in extra available funding.
I was concerned to hear that a constituent of mine was initially denied access to social care for his mother who suffers from Alzheimer’s despite her inability to administer her own medication.
Will the Government look to broadening the criteria of the Care Act 2014 to include those requiring support with administering medication?
We very much want everybody who needs care to get it and everyone who is eligible for financial support should get it.
That, of course, is assessed by local authorities.