We are carrying out  ambitious reforms of our adult social care workforce, and therefore it is right, alongside that, to ensure that we have the right numbers of people coming here from overseas for social care.
That is why we have worked with the Home Office on changes to visas.
The managers of the wonderful care home I visited in Dunstable on Friday were annoyed by the number of job applicants for care places who were making the interview stage and then not arriving on the day.
Can the Minister have a word with ministerial colleagues at the Department for Work and Pensions to ensure that job coaches are certain that jobseekers are not wasting the time of care homes?
It is not fair, and those who work in care homes are busy people with a lot to do.
I work closely with colleagues in the Department for Work and Pensions on the recruitment of people looking for jobs in social care, and I will raise that point with my colleague in the Department.
I call the shadow Minister.
It was the Minister’s party that promised to fix the crisis in social care “once and for all”.
With vacancy rates almost three times above the national average and turnover rates for new staff at more than 45%, it is clear that the Government failed.
Labour’s plan for a national care service with clear standards for providers and a new deal for staff will give social care the fundamental reset it needs.
The Government have done it with our workforce plan, and they have half-heartedly tried it with dentistry.
Does the Minister want to copy our homework once again?
Let us be honest, Labour has no plan for social care.
Whatever the shadow Minister says, it is unfunded.
There is no funding committed to it and it is not meaningful.
Those of us on the Conservative side of the House are reforming adult social care.
We not only have a plan, but it is in progress.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
I have asked the Secretary of State a number of times how she intends to recruit and retain social care staff, particularly with the visa changes coming into effect next Monday, stopping those from overseas coming to fill skills gaps from bringing their spouse or dependants with them.
I ask again: how does the Secretary of State intend to improve the recruitment and retention of staff in the social care sector while her colleagues effectively work to undermine her?
We are grateful to international workers coming to support us in social care and improving supply, but we have to get the balance right between international recruitment and our domestic workforce.
In England, we are reforming social care careers to make social care work a career for our homegrown workforce, and I encourage her to make sure the SNP does the same in Scotland.
What discussions she has had with the North Central London integrated care system on the potential closure of maternity services in north London.
Improving maternity care is a year 2 priority in our women’s health strategy for this year.
Any decisions around maternity services need to be focusing on improving outcomes for mums and babies.
However, decisions on the local reconfiguration of services are made by local integrated care boards and local trusts.
The maternity unit at the Royal Free Hospital in my constituency is facing closure.
Last week, I met with doctors from the unit who told me that the Royal Free is uniquely placed to help mothers with diabetes, pregnant women with HIV, and mothers who require interventional radiology.
The Royal Free is the only local provider that offers this life-changing treatment 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Does the Minister agree that the Royal Free maternity unit has to stay open for the sake of those vulnerable groups of women?
I thank the hon.