Friend break down every barrier to help us get that health centre built in Long Crendon?
Again, I very much admire the effort and determination that my hon.
Friend is showing to stand up for his constituents.
He will know that sadly I am constrained from commenting on individual cases, but what I do know is that the innovation he is showing alongside his parish council—and, indeed, I would hope, his local integrated care board—is the approach we want to adopt across our rural and coastal communities to ensure that they, too, have the access to primary care that we all expect.
Equal access to primary care is so important, but the use of physician associates is downright dangerous.
Does the Secretary  of State agree that patients have the right to see a qualified GP and not be fobbed off with a two-tier primary care system?
I understand the concerns—we have seen them in the media—but, please, we in this House have a responsibility to our constituents and to professionals working in healthcare, including our clinicians and physician associates.
In fact, physician associates have been working in the NHS for some two decades.
They are there to work with doctors to assist them, freeing up doctors’ time to focus on the tasks that only they are qualified to do.
We have been very careful to listen to the concerns raised, which is why we recently announced intentions to regulate them.
But, please, we must all take that responsibility for ensuring that we are not spreading concern.
Actually, these roles can have a very positive effect on healthcare system.
My constituents are fed up with battling to see a GP.
I have been working hard across party lines with local councillors and the ICB, but I was surprised to hear from the Prime Minister in response to a question last week that only £2 million was allocated to my ICB for primary care, and that it should raid its hospital refurbishment budget instead.
Could the Secretary of State advise me which part of the much needed hospital investment should be overlooked to compensate for the failure to invest in primary care locally?
Again, it is for integrated care boards to assess the needs of their area.
If there are concerns about access to primary care, we are keen to give them the autonomy to make decisions about how they spend their budget.
We have set expectations of integrated care boards in a couple of respects—in particular, we expect them to use the money that we have provided for dental care and we have set clear expectations that integrated care boards will introduce at least one women’s health hub in their area this year.
I call the Chair of the Health and Social Care Committee.
While we are talking about the recovery of primary care and the Secretary of State is at the Dispatch Box, the recovering access plan released last May talked about high-quality online consultation, text messaging services and online booking tools.
They were due in July, but that became August and then December, and I understand that it has now been delayed indefinitely due to a claim made against NHS England in what is a £300 million project.
That delay is hitting access to primary care.
Will the Secretary of State update the House?
We are determined to bring not just primary care but the whole NHS up to speed with technology.
We are firm advocates of the idea that technology can help free clinicians’ time and ensure that they are spending time looking at their patients rather than at computer screens.
In primary care, we are working to ensure the digital telephony services that have played such a critical role in providing those 50 million additional appointments, as I described.
I will take away my hon.
Friend’s points, and look into them carefully.
I have been corresponding with the Primary Care Minister,  the right hon.