We are in dire straits and suffer the same problems, particularly about GPs and appointments disappearing.
When are we going to see an improvement in appointment availability?
The hon.
Lady will no doubt be extremely envious of the fact that in England there are 50 million more GP appointments now every year, which is a fantastic achievement by this Government.
She will want to look at what is happening in Scotland, which has some of the worst health outcomes in western Europe, and challenge SNP Ministers over drug and alcohol death rates and falls in life expectancy.
Will my right hon.
Friend explain an anomaly in the “Agenda for Change” pay deal as it affects non-NHS providers?
People working in the NHS for non-NHS providers may be eligible for extra money if the organisation they work for is in financial difficulties, but not if it is not.
So badly run organisations are being rewarded and well-run organisations are being penalised, which seems to me to be perverse.
I am happy to meet my right hon.
Friend to discuss the matter.
We have reached pay settlements with the “Agenda for Change” unions, and we continue to reach pay deals with other unions.
We are also supporting non-NHS providers whose contracts are dynamically aligned.
It is a complex area, so I am more than happy to meet my right hon.
Friend to discuss his concerns.
The Secretary of State will know that NHS England is expected to announce the decision about the primary children’s centre for cancer treatment in south London and south-east London.
Evelina London Children’s Hospital in my constituency is one of the only specialist centres in south London.
Does she agree that the final decision should be made as soon as possible in order to benefit staff, patients and families?
Will she join me in visiting Evelina London?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question.
In fairness, colleagues from across the House have been raising this issue with me because it affects a large population of London and the surrounding areas.
I must leave it to NHS England to finish its consultation process, but I would be very happy to visit not just the Evelina but our other wonderful hospitals that look after children.
Given the expansion of health services through Pharmacy First, what action is my right hon.
Friend the Minister taking to ensure that communities such as Sandiacre in my constituency, whose branch of Boots is due to close at the end of the month, are not left without access to such vital services?
I am very happy to discuss that matter with my hon.
Friend, who is a huge advocate for her constituency.
It is always disappointing when a community pharmacy closes, but she will know that the launch of Pharmacy First on  31 January  expanded the value and contribution of all our community pharmacies.
It has been met with a £645 million investment over this year and next.
On access to primary care provision, will the Secretary of State assure the House that she will liaise with Health Ministers in the devolved Departments to ensure that rural communities do not lose out because of their isolated locations?
I am very happy to give that assurance.
I was delighted to meet Minister Swann yesterday to discuss his plans for Northern Ireland healthcare, including access to primary care.
I remind Members of my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
The Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency’s international recognition procedure will ensure faster access to innovative treatments, but it will realise its full potential only if it is matched by the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence’s evaluation process.
What is my right hon.
Friend the Minister doing to ensure that the two processes are aligned?
My hon.
Friend will be aware that there have been delays with approvals by the MHRA and NICE.