”—[Official Report,  28 February 2023 ; Vol.
728, c. 710.]
As she speeds down the A23 back to Lewes, to defend her constituency against the Liberal Democrats, how on earth will she feel with all those embers of the Conservatives’ 14-year record blowing in her face?
Is it not now clear that, with the Government having adopted Labour’s workforce plan, Labour’s dentistry recruitment plan and now Labour’s NHS funding plan, when it comes to a record to be proud of, and when it comes to finding the answers, only Labour can deliver an NHS that is fit for the future?
The Leader of the Opposition is a former barrister, and barristers like to rely on evidence, so let me give some evidence on what the Labour-run NHS in Wales looks like.
People are almost twice as likely to be waiting for treatment under the Labour-run Welsh NHS—21.3% of people in Wales are waiting for hospital treatment after a consultant referral, compared with 12.8% in England.
Patients in Labour-run Wales are, on average, waiting five weeks longer for NHS treatment than patients in England, and the number of patients in Wales who are escaping to seek treatment in England has increased by 40% in two years.
But don’t worry, folks, according to the Leader of the Opposition this is the blueprint—
Order.
I remind everyone that these are topical questions.
It is about the many Members I need to get in, rather than the ping-pong over the Dispatch Box.
Let us move on to Andrew Jones as a good example.
Thank you very much, Mr Speaker.
I am talking to my local integrated care board about establishing the first centre of dental excellence in North Yorkshire, to be located in Harrogate, to build on the dental recovery plan.
Does my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State agree that boosting capacity is critical to catching up from the pandemic, and that centres of dental excellence are a very good way to achieve it?
I completely agree with my hon.
Friend that we need more capacity in our dental workforce, and I know he will be a big advocate for his constituency.
We set out in the first ever NHS long-term workforce plan that we will increase dentistry training places by 40% by 2031-32.
Our dental recovery plan sets out many different measures to improve capacity.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
Later this month I will be 10 years cancer free, having survived melanoma first as a teenager and again in my early 20s.
Can the Secretary of State look me in the eye and guarantee that she is doing all she can to prevent others from getting the same diagnosis ?
Again, I thank the hon.
Lady for sharing her experience, and of course we are doing all we can.
I know that the SNP Scottish Government share our determination to ensure that cancer treatment continues to improve.
England is diagnosing earlier and treating more.
We have seen cancer survival rates improve by almost 10 percentage points since 2005, but we also know that four in 10 cancers could be prevented, which is exactly why we are bringing forward the smoke-free generation work.
Of course, if the Scottish Government would like us to help with some of their waiting lists, we genuinely stand ready to do so.
The general practice estates and technology transformation fund supported projects in my constituency and was appreciated by my local integrated care board.
What evaluation has been made of it, and will it be continued?
I have had a number of meetings with my hon.
Friend and know that he is determined to resolve some of these long-standing issues in his constituency.
I have assured him that ICBs have the freedom to increase capital for primary care in their region, so long as their plans remain within their overall capital allocation.