It is a number of years since we promised to reform mental health legislation that reflects a time when people with severe mental ill health were viewed as problems to be managed rather than as individuals.
I believe that we on these Benches, as Conservatives, should be doing everything we can to empower people and respect their liberties.
It simply is not right that in the 21st century people’s health conditions are being managed through the forced administration of drugs, which pays no respect to their liberties.
May I reiterate the urgency with which measures should be introduced, particularly as people with lived experience have relived their trauma to provide the benefit of their experiences?
I absolutely entirely agree.
That is why the Government published the draft Bill in January last year, and why it underwent pre-legislative scrutiny.
I gave evidence to the Committee, and we are working our way through its detailed recommendations and will publish our response shortly.
However, that is in addition to our significant reform of mental health services, particularly earlier intervention and crisis cafés.
We have seen the impact of that: 15% fewer detentions under the Mental Health Act, 8% fewer admissions to hospitals and 12% fewer admissions from our mental health crisis telephone centres, which are now available across England 24/7.
What steps she is taking to improve healthcare for women.
Women’s health is one of my top priorities.
As we approach International Women’s Day, we have already improved access to contraception and the treatment of urinary tract infections through Pharmacy First, announced £50 million of funding for research on maternity disparities and other health conditions affecting women, and set the expectation that each integrated care board area will have at least one women’s health hub operating this year.
For more than a decade I have been raising the appalling, often agonising treatment of many women who need hysteroscopies in the NHS.
They are being left with unnecessary trauma and are reluctant to engage further with doctors, which is quite simply life-threatening.
However, the medical establishment continues to resist change and the Government shirk their leadership role.
Earlier this year the Secretary of State set out her priorities for the women’s health strategy, and access to pain-free hysteroscopy was not included.
Why?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her work in this regard, and I absolutely acknowledge the issues that women are experiencing with this highly invasive procedure at what is often an extremely distressing time in their lives.
We are waiting for the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists to update its guidelines on best practice in hysteroscopies.
Following consultation last year that is under peer review, and is due to published soon.
However, as the hon.
Lady knows, I am clear that it should not be the responsibility of women in those very distressing circumstances to ask for pain relief.
Clinicians must assume that a woman wants it, and discuss that with her before the procedure.
I welcome the Government’s recent refresh of the women’s health strategy and the addition to it of birth trauma.
However, I am currently chairing a national inquiry into birth trauma, and we are hearing from mothers throughout the United Kingdom about some of the severe mental health conditions that they are facing, including postpartum psychosis.
I have been particularly concerned to hear about the risk of suicide among new mothers.
What action are the Government taking to address this?
Let me put on record my admiration for my hon.
Friend’s action in sharing her own experiences in order to improve healthcare for women across the country.
She will know of yesterday’s important announcement about suicide prevention, elements of which addressed exactly the concerns that she has rightly raised.