I will take away my hon.
Friend’s points, and look into them carefully.
I have been corresponding with the Primary Care Minister,  the right hon.
Member for South Northamptonshire (Dame Andrea Leadsom) , and her predecessors about urgently needing to protect general practice locations in city centres from outdated Treasury rules that potentially force them to move to ring-road locations.
The Minister’s latest reply suggested that the ICB could use capital funding to pay for new premises, but my ICB claims that that is against the rules.
Would she and her officials please urgently meet me and my local ICB to bottom out what the rules are and urgently protect our city centre GP locations?
I will ask the relevant Minister to write to the hon.
Lady.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The simple fact is that the Conservatives have been in power for 14 years, and general practice has never been in a worse state.
Despite slogging their guts out, GPs are struggling because this Government have cut 2,000 GPs since 2015, making it even harder for patients to get an appointment.
Given that, why has the Government decided that the NHS needs what the Institute for Fiscal Studies has described as the biggest funding cut since the 1970s?
It has been a very long time since Labour were in government, but even the hon.
Gentleman knows that Ministers will never comment on fiscal events the day before they occur.
Let me introduce some  facts into his analysis.
We have now delivered on our  manifesto commitment for 50 million more general practice appointments per year, with 363.8 million booked in the last 12 months.
That compares with 312 million deliveredin the 12 months to December 2019. [
Interruption.]
If the hon.
Gentleman stopped shouting, perhaps he would be able to hear me.
About 62,000 more appointments were delivered per working day last December, excluding covid vaccinations.
We have our primary care recovery plan, and it is working.
Of course there is more to do, but even the hon.
Gentleman would not be so churlish as to deny those extra 50 million appointments.
When she plans to introduce a tobacco and vapes bill.
The hon.
Member will know that, shockingly, smoking kills 80,000 people across the UK every year, and costs society £17 billion in ill health and loss of productivity.
The Government will introduce the tobacco and vapes Bill shortly.
I am delighted to say that Northern Ireland Ministers announced just this morning that we will legislate for the whole of the United Kingdom.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
I just want to say that the age-related Bill on the sale of tobacco products will create the first generation of smoke-free people in the United Kingdom.
All politics is local, and it is vital that we have the same legislation in Northern Ireland.
In Northern Ireland, smoking contributes to at least 1,300 smoking-related cancers  per year.
Some 13.9% of the people in my constituency continue to smoke, irrespective of the guidance given.
I am glad to hear the Minister’s assurance on the legislation, but will the Government engage with the Northern Ireland Executive to ensure it is on their priority list?
I can tell the hon.
Gentleman that the Secretary of State met the Northern Ireland Health Minister just yesterday.
I absolutely assure him that all parts of the United Kingdom will be included in the once-in-a-generation public health intervention that will save millions of lives.
I urge my right hon.
Friend to get on with introducing the Bill, because every single day we delay, more people die of cancer and other smoking-related diseases.
Equally, in creating the first generation of people who will not be allowed to buy cigarettes or tobacco products—that is excellent—does she agree that one concern is that young people are now taking up vaping instead of smoking, and that vaping is clearly a path towards nicotine addiction?
Yes.
My hon.