Gentleman has more to say on that, either today or in Committee, I will be delighted to hear from him—
rose—
I am happy to hear from him again now.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for that clarification, but this is a whole new world where we will be relying on AI, software and so on.
How would an insurer prove that a vehicle was being driven autonomously rather than by a driver?
Under the provisions of the Bill, would the insurer have access to the data so that they could analyse it and see whether an individual was in charge of a vehicle or whether it was being driven autonomously?
I will come on to that in my speech, but I will answer the hon.
Gentleman’s specific questions.
From the point of view of any person needing to make a claim, the insurer will be liable whether the vehicle is in self-driving mode or the user is in charge.
What happens subsequently, regarding whether the manufacturer,  the software provider or whoever has to pony up the money, is a matter for the insurer to argue about with them.
That will not impact the victim, who will be paid by the insurer.
On the hon.
Gentleman’s important point about data, we discussed this last week when I met a roundtable of those involved in the industry, including road safety campaigners and those in the insurance industry.
The Bill will ensure that the data can be shared, and the insurance industry is keen for that to happen so that it can properly price the risk.
I will say more about this when I talk about the safety framework, but there is a real opportunity here because most road traffic collisions are caused at least in part by human error.
The track record of self-driving vehicles shows that this is an opportunity to improve road safety, which is important not just for those who use vehicles but for other road users.
There is a balance to strike here.
We need to capture that benefit but also ensure that we do not leave anyone exposed without protection, as the hon.
Gentleman rightly set out.
On the point the Secretary of State has just been discussing, presumably the details of all journeys undertaken by automated vehicles will be recorded.
Where will that data be stored, and who will have access to it?
Could someone access that information for non-driving reasons—for example, someone involved in divorce proceedings or an employer in an employment tribunal?
My right hon.
Friend should note that data for these purposes will be protected in the usual way.
Data has to be used for the purposes for which it was gathered.
There are legal processes for who has access to it, as well as those we will set out specifically for driving purposes.
The other things he mentioned will be governed by the usual laws that govern the use of data.
I do not want to dwell on those specifics, but they are already covered by existing data protection legislation for the devices that people have in vehicles to monitor their progress or for mobile phones.
I would like to start with safety.
Anyone stepping into a self-driving vehicle will reasonably ask: “Can this car consistently drive safety?
Will the law protect me if there is an accident?
Is the manufacturer regulated and can they be held to account?”
Under this legislation, the answer to each of those questions will be yes.
The Bill has been built on a bedrock of safety, protecting not just the driver inside the car but road users outside the vehicle.
As I mentioned in answer to  the hon.