I am sure all colleagues will agree that our civil service is a great one, as is our Parliament—men and women dedicated to the public good—but has been plagued in recent years by increasing tensions that have a fundamental impact on the discharge of governance and policy.
Let us consider the issues we have seen in recent years and how they tell of structural deficiencies, rather than being merely isolated accidents under a particular Administration.
The Sue Gray affair should alarm us all, whatever side of the House we sit on.
To have a civil servant preside over an investigation into a Prime Minister, and then achieve escape velocity from the civil service to go and work immediately for the Opposition, has scarred the view of impartiality that the majority rightly accept and expect.
The same could be said of the role of political appointees.
In many ways, we can view certain Labour and Conservative spin doctors as essentially the same entity: unaccountable to the public, but very much imposed on the public, beyond the advisory role for which they were initially intended.
Both those issues could be addressed through updates to the Constitutional Reform and Governance Act 2010, which sought to better control apparatus such as special advisers, but if we wish to fix an issue, we need to amend the culture that goes with it.
To do that, we need to start at the top.
We need a culture that the majority of the service still respects.
Let us define that top and the route to it.
The great mandarins who hold vast power are often faceless.
That cannot be right in a democracy: if a person wants power, they must be subjected to the sunlight of this place.
Permanent secretaries are appointed under a  scheme in which the Prime Minister has the final say in the recruitment process—the Prime Minister alone chooses directly from a list created by the civil service commissioners.
If any Member present can, without the aid of Google, name the commissioners who appoint people to hold power over their constituents’ lives, I would be amazed.
It is not just the permanent secretaries we must consider.
The Transparency of Lobbying, Non-party Campaigning and Trades Union Administration Act 2014 explains that a permanent secretary is a person serving in a range of government posts.
That definition needs massively expanding to ensure that it encompasses top officials within state entities such as the NHS—for instance, the CEO of the NHS is often seen as a godlike distant figure and not suitably accountable to this place.
Let us be in no doubt: horrific things happen if a culture is enabled where officials feel they are above policy instructions from the elected.
At the current time, advancement in the civil service comes from appeasing the established networks, such as the commission, and the Minister for the civil service.
These people serve the nation, so their fortunes should lie with this institution, not an elite few within it.
I do not propose that we fix all the issues at once, nor do I propose a baby-out-with -the-bathwater approach, but a modest solution that resets the relationship to a more traditional and, may I say, British footing.
By that, I mean a process that is less invested in smoke-filled rooms with those from the Executive, one that empowers this place.
I propose that a cross-party Committee of both Houses be formed to fold those appointments into understood due process.
Appointments would be fixed-term and renewable by this place, which will end at a stroke  the concept of a job for life.
This is hardly revolution: it is a mix of established democratic processes in Parliament and professional standards that industry outside this place would recognise.
It would only impact a few dozen people at the top; it is hardly onerous.