Appointments would be fixed-term and renewable by this place, which will end at a stroke  the concept of a job for life.
This is hardly revolution: it is a mix of established democratic processes in Parliament and professional standards that industry outside this place would recognise.
It would only impact a few dozen people at the top; it is hardly onerous.
I imagine that 99.9% of the civil service would not be impacted, but the change to the culture at the top would cascade down.
If the upper echelons knew they were better overseen by this place—this cross-party institution—they would ensure that those they manage are correctly supported, mentored and held to account.
Some siren voices claim that this work could be discharged by Select Committees holding more hearings, or that better training of Ministers could fix all the issues, but the bottom line is that if a person has vast power over the machinery of government but does not feel a sense of fealty to Parliament, such ideas are mere tinkering.
What I have proposed can be done now, in a modest manner, to gently course-correct a few errors and modernise and empower this institution.
If we do not do so, eventually we could well need more radical reform.
The relief valve is simple and established: professional industry processes via this accountable House.
Let us act now, because if a trend of unaccountability continues to make people question who is really running Britain, the gold standard I mentioned will soon be seen as fool’s gold.
Question put and agreed to.
Ordered,
That Giles Watling, Michael Fabricant, Andrew Rosindell and Mr Mark Francois present the Bill.
Giles Watling accordingly presented the Bill.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 17 May , and to be printed (Bill 171).
Second Reading
[Relevant documents: Seventh Report of the Transport Committee of Session 2022-23, Self-driving vehicles, HC 519, and the Government response, Session 2023-24, HC 264.]
I beg to move, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
As hon.
Members know, most journeys take place on our roads.
About 86% are made by cars, taxis and vans, but in the over 100 years since the invention of the car, despite our vehicles becoming better, safer and now cleaner, one aspect of driving has remained constant: the driver has always controlled the vehicle.
In future, things may be different.
For all or part of a driver’s journey, self-driving vehicles will free them from that responsibility, improving the lives of the millions of people who are unable to drive; boosting connectivity for rural communities across the country; transforming freight, be it long haul or last mile; and above all, making our roads safer.
As the Secretary of State knows, insurance premiums have been going through the roof recently—the costs are astronomical.
What impact does he expect automated vehicles to have on insurance premiums?
If the hon.
Gentleman will allow me to make a little progress, I will speak about how one centrepiece of the Bill and of our approach is the safety not just of the automated vehicle and its occupants but of other road users, particularly vulnerable road users.
I will come on to that point; if the hon.
Gentleman does not feel that I have covered it, he should feel free to intervene again.
We are on the cusp of a transport revolution, and Britain is very much at the wheel of that decision.
British companies are developing the self-driving technology; British lawyers are developing the robust new legal frameworks that are being used; and British parliamentarians in this House and the other place can now agree regulation widely seen as among the most comprehensive in the world.
The goal is clear: we want to make this country the natural home for the self-driving vehicle industry, and this Bill is the next stop on that journey.
It will not surprise my right hon.