We will also set up a regulatory system whereby any accident involving an automated vehicle will be properly investigated.
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point.
It is essential with this legislation that we earn the public’s trust and win their confidence.
That is one of the reasons why we have been so clear, and why we accepted the amendments in the other place, about putting safety at the forefront of the Bill.
If people are not persuaded of that, this technology will not make much progress.
rose—
I will take an intervention from my hon.
Friend  the Member for North East Bedfordshire (Richard Fuller)  and then make some progress before continuing to take interventions.
The Secretary of State is taking a safety-first approach to this legislation, and that seems to be the will of the House.
I have used a driverless vehicle operated by Waymo, a driverless Uber-style service in the United States.
He will know that those vehicles have more cameras—more eyes—looking in more directions more of the time than it would be possible to achieve even with 100 drivers sitting in a single vehicle.
My concern is whether, in his effort to put safety first, he is compromising the potential for economic growth.
In America, most of the force for change with automated vehicles is being driven by the leading global technology companies.
What discussions has he had with those companies in preparation for the Bill?
How comfortable are they with the Government’s approach?
I have discussed the legislation with a number of those companies—both UK companies and those in the US—and I am pleased to assure my hon.
Friend and the House that they too recognise that safety is incredibly important.
They all understand that they have to be able to operate within a legal framework set by legislators who are ultimately accountable to the public, and that they have to take the public with them.
As ever with these things, whatever the track record of existing vehicles and drivers, because this is new technology, people will be sceptical about it, and anything that goes wrong will have a brighter light shone on it.
The industry is very aware of that and, I think, very happy to work with us on those issues.
rose—
I will take one more intervention and then I will make some progress.
I will be honest, Mr Deputy Speaker: I am not very technically minded.
I like the idea of a manual car with five or six gears and reverse.
In the rural community that I live in, I am very happy with that.
I have a bit of hesitation about automated vehicles.
Thinking about young drivers—this is really important, because the Secretary of State mentioned blurred lines—we have to make sure that everyone who learns to drive has full capacity to drive any vehicle, and does not think they can get into an automated vehicle and just sit there and do nothing.
It is really important that everyone is subject to the same rules.
Can he confirm for anyone who thinks that in future they will be able just to sit in the back of the car that that is not the case, and that they will have to learn to drive in the way that we all have over the years?
I will come to that in a second—it will become clear in the next section of my speech—but I can tell the hon.
Gentleman that the Bill is about giving people choices.
If people want, as many will, to carry on driving their existing vehicles in the traditional way, that is absolutely fine and no one is going to try to stop them.
To be very clear, the hon.
Gentleman can carry on driving for as long as he wants to and is safe to, and no one is going to try to stop him.
Certainly, I am not going to try—I wouldn’t dare.