To be very clear, the hon.
Gentleman can carry on driving for as long as he wants to and is safe to, and no one is going to try to stop him.
Certainly, I am not going to try—I wouldn’t dare.
On the legal concerns—this will address the point about the driving test, too—the Bill redefines our legal relationship with road transport.
As soon as someone turns on a self-driving feature, legal responsibility for how the car drives will transfer to an authorised self-driving entity, or ASDE—not a very catchy acronym, admittedly, but that is what they are called.
That could be a manufacturer or a software developer but, crucially, it will not be the human driver, who will assume a new status.
As a user in charge, they will still need to ensure that the car is roadworthy, and they will need to reassume control if necessary.
That answers the hon.
Gentleman’s question: someone will still need to be in possession of a full driving licence and able to reassume control of the vehicle if required, but they will be protected by law from any offences while the car is driving itself.
Some journeys, either in private cars or on self-driving transport, will be fully automated, and a human will never need to take control; they will be, in essence, a passenger.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for North East Bedfordshire (Richard Fuller)  mentioned the example of Waymo cars in the US.
Those are operated as taxis, with no driver present, and the human is never expected to take control; it is classed as a “no user in charge” journey.
In those circumstances, someone would not need a driving licence, because they would never be expected to drive the car, in the same way we are not expected to drive a taxi or private hire vehicle.
Those legal concepts will have a seismic impact.
This is the future, and it is both quite exciting and quite scary.
We have to get our heads around it and make sure that we get this right.
On what the Secretary of State has just been describing, is it basically the difference between someone taking a taxi and driving their own car?
If there is an accident in a taxi, the taxi company is responsible, not the passenger.
If someone is using a vehicle for a “no user in charge” journey for which they are, in effect, the passenger and there is an accident, it will be totally the responsibility, in all circumstances, of the person operating the vehicle.
Where someone who is driving the car for part of the time switches on the self-driving features and something happens while those features are activated, that will be not their responsibility but that of the manufacturer or the software developer.
If someone is in control of the vehicle and the self-driving features are not activated, they retain responsibility.
One of the things that we will have to do is educate people about the difference, and we are being clear to manufacturers that there is a big difference between a self-driving feature and driver assistance.
Under driver assistance, the driver is still fully legally responsible for the vehicle, but with some technological help; when the self-driving features are activated, they no longer have legal responsibility.
Is there not potential for a legal conflict between a driver who says, “I was in self-driving mode,” and a company that says, “No, it was switched off”?
Does the Secretary of State see that it might be very difficult to establish what happened in such circumstances?
Potentially, but that is exactly why the earlier question about data is very important.