With your permission, Mr Speaker, for which I am very grateful, I would like to alert the House to a written ministerial statement and a detailed letter from  NHS England that has been laid this morning.
It addresses a historical issue whereby women who received radiotherapy above the waist to treat Hodgkin lymphoma, and who were therefore at a higher risk of breast cancer, were not given annual checks.
Yesterday, the NHS wrote to the 1,487 women affected in order to inform them.
We expect all women to be offered a scan within the next three months, and NHS England has established a helpline and briefed GPs and relevant charities.
The vast majority of this group of women will already have been receiving screening on a three-yearly basis, but NHS England wants to ensure that they receive annual tests, in line with the clinical guidance.
I wanted to alert hon.
Members to that because, with the letters having been sent out yesterday, it is perfectly possible—indeed, probable—that they will start to receive queries from their constituents.
I will of course keep the House updated.
I emphasise, however, that what I have given is a summary, and I would encourage hon.
Members to look at the very detailed letter from NHS England in order to reassure their constituents that we are scooping up everybody we can to look after them at this very troubling time.
Like many people here, I was delighted by last month’s NHS dentistry recovery plan.
How many new NHS dental appointments does the Secretary of State expect to be available in my constituency of Weston-super-Mare, and by when?
I thank my hon.
Friend for supporting our dental recovery plan.
Indeed, he is one of many colleagues who campaigned hard for it.
I am pleased to inform him that dental activity, as measured by courses of treatment, has increased by 15% on the previous year in his local integrated care board area, and our plan will support further increases to dental access through some 2.5 million additional appointments across the country, including in his constituency.
The first measure, namely new patient premiums, went live on Friday, and we hope to have the results very soon.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
With a general election in the air, I welcome what the Secretary of State has said about baby loss certificates and Martha’s rule—there is genuine cross-party agreement on this.
I also thank her for advance notice of today’s important written ministerial statement.
However, with a general election in the air and given the Secretary of State’s principled, vocal and consistent opposition to funding the NHS by abolishing the non-dom tax status, on a scale of one to 10—one being utterly shameless and 10 being highly embarrassed—how red-faced will she be when the Chancellor adopts Labour’s policy tomorrow?
One of the joys of being at the Government Dispatch Box is that not only do we have to deal with very serious matters, such as I have just set out, but we get to have a knockabout on the Labour party’s electioneering.
The hon.
Gentleman will know the Conservatives’ proud record on funding our NHS since 2010.
I invite him to wait for tomorrow’s Budget to see what more this Conservative Government are doing to support our constituents, and to help our economy grow for a bright future.
The Under-Secretary of State for Health and Social Care,  the hon.
Member for Lewes (Maria Caulfield) , has said that the policy will be
“as much use as an ashtray on a motorbike.
”—[Official Report,  28 February 2023 ; Vol.
728, c. 710.]
As she speeds down the A23 back to Lewes, to defend her constituency against the Liberal Democrats, how on earth will she feel with all those embers of the Conservatives’ 14-year record blowing in her face?