Will the Government look to broadening the criteria of the Care Act 2014 to include those requiring support with administering medication?
We very much want everybody who needs care to get it and everyone who is eligible for financial support should get it.
That, of course, is assessed by local authorities.
We are introducing Care Quality Commission assurance of social care commissioned by local authorities, to make sure people get the care they deserve and to shine a light on where local authorities are doing a really good job and where others could  do better.
The idea of a social care cost cap has dropped off the agenda slightly.
I know it is incredibly expensive, but I continue to be contacted by constituents who face losing everything.
When often their loved ones have dementia and it is already emotionally an incredibly traumatic time, they have the added anxiety of how they are going to pay for care.
The only thing that should matter is what works and is best for their loved one, but there is a cloud of anxiety hanging over society, which we all worry about.
Will the Minister confirm that this issue has not lost her attention and that we will continue to consider whether we can introduce a cap?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his important question on concerns about the cost of care and how much it costs some people.
As he may know—I remind him—the charging reforms were delayed in 2022 by the Chancellor after we listened to local authorities.
A fifth of the social care roles in Westmorland and Furness are currently vacant and unfilled.
Coincidentally that is the same proportion of beds in Morecambe Bay that are occupied by patients who are unable to get a care package and therefore leave hospital.
The reasons for this are blindingly obvious: the pay and career structures are derisory for hard-working wonderful people and there is a complete absence of genuinely affordable homes for people in those sorts of roles to enable them to live locally.
Does the Minister agree that fixing that crisis in my community and others should be the priority for the Chancellor tomorrow, not silly electoral gimmicks?
I recognise the challenges in the hon.
Gentleman’s area, although nationally vacancies in social care have fallen by over 20,000.
We are reforming adult social care careers to make care a career for the UK workforce.
We are putting extra funding into social care—up to £8.6 billion over two years—and introducing CQC assurance to make sure local authorities are doing their best on social care.
I would encourage the hon.
Gentleman to talk to his local authority and make sure it is paying a fair rate for the care it commissions.
What steps she is taking to help increase recruitment and retention in the adult social care sector.
What steps she is taking to help increase recruitment and retention in the adult social care sector.
What steps she is taking to help increase recruitment and retention in the adult social care sector.
Care is a skilled profession and I want care workers to get the support and recognition they deserve.
In January we took the next step in our ambitious care workforce reforms, launching the first ever national career structure for the care workforce alongside our new nationally recognised qualification.
I know the Minister will want to join me in thanking every single person who dedicates themselves to working in the social care sector, including perhaps particularly those who have come to the UK from overseas to do so, but it is not sustainable to rely on incoming workers forever.
The Migration Advisory Committee has found that Scotland is now less reliant on migrant workers in the social care sector than England, through the simple expedient of paying a decent wage.