In January we took the next step in our ambitious care workforce reforms, launching the first ever national career structure for the care workforce alongside our new nationally recognised qualification.
I know the Minister will want to join me in thanking every single person who dedicates themselves to working in the social care sector, including perhaps particularly those who have come to the UK from overseas to do so, but it is not sustainable to rely on incoming workers forever.
The Migration Advisory Committee has found that Scotland is now less reliant on migrant workers in the social care sector than England, through the simple expedient of paying a decent wage.
That might, by the way, also be a good way to stop doctors in England going on strike; the Minister might want to look at that.
Has the Minister asked the Chancellor to provide funding in the Budget so that social care workers in England can enjoy the same pay and conditions as their colleagues in Scotland, and if not, why not?
I agree with the hon.
Gentleman that we are grateful to all who work in social care, including those who have come here from other countries to care for our loved ones.
We also agree that international migration is not a long-term answer to our care workforce needs.
That is why we are reforming social care to work as a career, and we are backing that with extra funding—up to £8.6 billion extra for social care over two years.
I am afraid the Minister’s warm words about the social care workforce do not meet the reality check for most people.
The Government’s own statistics show that there are at least 152,000 vacancies in social care in England alone, leaving my constituents waiting up to 10 weeks to be discharged from hospital.
The Government have been using international recruitment to plug the gaps and as a result have filled over 11,000 vacancies in the past few years, so can the Minister confirm whether recruitment and retention in social care will be better or worse due to Government plans to prevent overseas social care workers bringing family members to the UK?
As I said a moment ago, vacancies have fallen and the care workforce grew by more than 20,000 last year.
We are seeing better retention of care workers as well, but we need to go further.
That is why we are reforming social care careers, introducing the first ever national career structure for the care workforce and new qualifications and training.
Edinburgh Trade Union Council recently described changes to the healthcare worker visa route as cruel and inhumane.
Many of my constituents who have relatives in care share its concerns, as do I. We know the valuable contribution that foreign care workers make to the sector.
Ideologically driven change to visas could further exacerbate the recruitment and retention crisis that other Members have so eloquently described.
Given that the Government skipped consultation on these changes, will the Minister commit to meeting trade unions and social care leaders in Scotland to understand the impact of these harmful changes?
I am grateful to international care workers who have come to the UK to look after loved ones.
Their work has contributed to reducing vacancies and increasing the supply of social care, but we need to get the balance right between international recruitment and our homegrown workforce.
We are carrying out  ambitious reforms of our adult social care workforce, and therefore it is right, alongside that, to ensure that we have the right numbers of people coming here from overseas for social care.
That is why we have worked with the Home Office on changes to visas.
The managers of the wonderful care home I visited in Dunstable on Friday were annoyed by the number of job applicants for care places who were making the interview stage and then not arriving on the day.