British companies are developing the self-driving technology; British lawyers are developing the robust new legal frameworks that are being used; and British parliamentarians in this House and the other place can now agree regulation widely seen as among the most comprehensive in the world.
The goal is clear: we want to make this country the natural home for the self-driving vehicle industry, and this Bill is the next stop on that journey.
It will not surprise my right hon.
Friend that I am speaking up for Milton Keynes on this subject.
This is a huge global opportunity for Britain, worth £350 billion, and Milton Keynes is often the testbed of this technology.
It is a beautiful, vibrant city that is going places—except perhaps in the eyes of the producers of last night’s “EastEnders”—so does he agree that when we get this technology, we will be able to roll it out because we have tested it in places such as Milton Keynes?
I thank my hon.
Friend for speaking powerfully for his constituency.
He is right: those developing this technology will want to roll it out carefully and thoughtfully, and they will want to do that in specific places in the United Kingdom.
He has just made a powerful bid for Milton Keynes to be at the centre of that.
Gearing Britain up for a self-driving future has been the work of years.
In 2015, our world-leading code of practice enabled self-driving vehicle trials in the UK.
We passed the Automated and Electric Vehicles Act 2018, which codified insurance in this area for the first time and recognised the importance of that, as  the hon.
Member for Carmarthen East and Dinefwr (Jonathan Edwards)  said earlier.
In that same year, we kicked off a Law Commissions review on a legal and safety framework for self-driving vehicles—
rose—
Let me just set out what that review did, then I will take an intervention from the hon.
Gentleman, who is an esteemed member of the Select Committee.
It convened legal minds from across the country, launched three rounds of public consultation, sifted through hundreds of written responses and produced more than 70 recommendations, which now underpin this legislation.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for giving way.
These are really important points, as is the clarification sought by the hon.
Member for Carmarthen East and Dinefwr on insurance liability.
Can I ask the Secretary of State about the arrangements for the compensation of victims of any collisions that are caused by uninsured automated vehicles?
He mentioned the Automated and Electric Vehicles Act 2018, but that legislation does not mention this point.
This Bill represents an opportunity to address that.
Will the Secretary of State set out how we are going to do that, or are we missing an opportunity?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to raise that point.
We have arrangements in place for vehicles with human drivers who are uninsured, and we are working with the Motor Insurers’ Bureau on the arrangements that will be in place.
I would envisage analogous arrangements for self-driving vehicles that are uninsured, to make sure that if they are involved in accidents, any victims of those accidents are able to receive reimbursement in the same way as happens now for the victim of an uninsured driver.
We already have arrangements, and I would envisage analogous arrangements.
We are already having those conversations, but if the hon.
Gentleman has more to say on that, either today or in Committee, I will be delighted to hear from him—
rose—
I am happy to hear from him again now.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for that clarification, but this is a whole new world where we will be relying on AI, software and so on.
How would an insurer prove that a vehicle was being driven autonomously rather than by a driver?