I sincerely thank my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Chipping Barnet (Theresa Villiers)  for securing this Adjournment debate, and for her powerful speech.
She really brought the subject to life through the examples from her constituency of people’s experiences in hospital.
They were very difficult stories to hear, and I am very sorry to hear of times when it sounds like the care for people’s loved ones has fallen short.
My right hon.
Friend made some powerful points that I want to address, starting with the fact that, as she said, there are many thousands of people living with dementia, and the number is only expected to increase; indeed, there will be more than a million by 2025.
Many people with dementia will also be living with other health conditions.
At the moment, it is estimated that around a quarter of the beds in hospitals are being used by patients with dementia, so ensuring that people receive the right care when they are in hospital with dementia is really important, as is doing our utmost to avoid unnecessary admissions and ensuring that people are discharged from hospital on a timely basis.
It is really worth emphasising the point that my right hon.
Friend made about dignity, and the fact that every single person counts, at whatever stage of their life.
There are challenges to ensure that people living with dementia have that dignity, particularly when they are in hospital.
I, too, pay tribute to the many unpaid carers who are looking after their loved ones with dementia.
I know what a huge burden and challenge that can be.
However much someone loves somebody, there is a huge demand on them when they are caring for somebody with dementia.
It can be very difficult, very distressing and absolutely relentless, however much they love them.
I pay tribute to all carers who are doing that.
My right hon.
Friend spoke first about Lisa Rutter, who very sadly lost her mother, who was living with dementia, during the pandemic—in hospital, if I heard my right hon.
Friend correctly.
I thank Lisa Rutter for the work that she is doing as the founder of Dementia Club UK.
It is fabulous to be supporting other people to look after loved ones with dementia, or indeed those with dementia themselves.
My right hon.
Friend talked about the time Lisa’s mother spent in hospital, and how, for instance, Lisa knew what her mother needed but felt that she was not listened to, and that it may have contributed to her mother’s death.
My right hon.
Friend also talked about the visiting restrictions during the pandemic.
I will talk about those in a moment.
My right hon.
Friend talked about another constituent, whose wife was in hospital.
She rightly talked about the importance of mobilising somebody with dementia, and how her constituent’s wife was nearly given the wrong medication, which could have been fatal.
She spoke about the importance of his intervention.
She also spoke about a constituent who was a carer for their father, and the importance of mobilisation, and some of the communication challenges for somebody with dementia.
My right hon.
Friend talked about one person who had been screaming all night, as described by the staff.
Actually, the family member who knew them understood that they were calling for help, as they needed to go to the toilet.
That brings to life how difficult it can be when somebody has dementia and is not necessarily  able to articulate their needs and what they want.
Those who know them well will often know what they are trying to say or communicate, but that can be difficult in hospital when they may be being looked after by staff who simply do not know them well enough to know what they mean.
My right hon.
Friend talked about food being left uneaten.