However, I do agree with him in not agreeing with the SNP Government’s approach to tax, making Scotland the highest-taxed part of the United Kingdom.
Scottish rail fares are set to rise by 8.7% next month.
This eye-watering fare hike will hit Scots hard during a cost of living crisis and push Scotland’s rail service into a spiral of decline.
Does the Minister agree that we need affordable fares to help people through the cost of living crisis and encourage more people to travel by train?
I certainly agree that we should do all we can to encourage people to travel by train.
The Scottish Government’s approach to ScotRail might discourage that.
I am happy to meet the hon.
Member to discuss that further.
Recent findings from the Trussell Trust have revealed that 32% of people claiming universal credit in Scotland have fallen into debt because they could not pay essential bills.
Does the Minister agree that the people of Scotland and the people of Britain should not be made to pay for SNP and Tory failures?
In 2021-22, there were 1.7 million fewer people in absolute poverty after housing costs than there were in 2009-10, including 400,000 fewer children.
This Government are certainly taking lots of action to address poverty, and particularly in-work poverty.
But I agree that making Scotland the highest-taxed part of the UK does not help with that.
Does the Minister agree that putting up taxes as the SNP is doing at present will do nothing to help with the cost of living?
Does he further agree that if it continues on that trajectory, more and more Scots will want to leave and come to places such as Carlisle, where of course they will be very welcome?
Due to the SNP’s tax rises in Scotland, anyone earning more than £28,867 will pay more income tax than those living in England.
From my own experience representing a Borders constituency, I see increasing evidence of people choosing to live south of the border rather than in the high-tax Scottish jurisdiction.
In my discussions with science, technology, engineering and maths businesses, I find that they are finding it increasingly difficult to recruit in Scotland because of the aggressive high-tax policies of the SNP.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Regardless of what the Chancellor announces today, we are in the highest tax-raising Parliament in history, which is a consequence of the Minister’s Government’s failure over 14 years.
Ordinary hard-working Scots did not cause this economic crisis—the Government did—but they are being made to pay for it.
There have been 25 Tory tax rises since the last election, and the average family is much worse off as a result.
Does the Minister agree with the Institute for Fiscal Studies that even after today’s Budget the overall tax burden on working people will still reach record levels?
Clearly, I will not speculate on what the Chancellor will announce shortly.
I remind the hon.
Gentleman that 2.4 million workers in Scotland have benefited from £340 going back into their pockets thanks to the changes to national insurance that have already been announced.
In relation to the hon.
Member’s wider points about the tax burden, we should not forget the huge interventions that the Government made to support workers, families, communities and businesses during the pandemic.
As a consequence, we are having to repay that, but that saved jobs and many businesses from going under during the covid pandemic.
Regardless of what the Chancellor says today, working people will still be paying a much higher tax burden at the end of this Parliament, and it will reach record levels.
Shockingly, the tax burden in Scotland is even higher.
Anyone in Scotland earning more than £29,000 a year will pay more income tax after the SNP voted for yet another tax rise on working people.