We fully expect police chiefs to suspend an officer charged with any kind of sexually motivated crime.
It is worth pointing out that, in addition to the new powers that the Home Secretary outlined about automatic suspension, chief constables have existing powers to suspend any officer in their force when allegations are made, and we fully expect them to use those powers.
I do think the recommendation that I referred to should be implemented urgently and I ask the Prime Minister to look again at that, because every day that goes past when it is not implemented carries risk for victims in these cases.
Sarah Everard’s murder should have been a watershed moment for policing reform, for the criminal justice system and for violence against women and girls, but the sad reality is that victims of rape who have the courage and bravery to come forward have just a 2.4% chance of their perpetrator being caught and charged within the year.
How does the Prime Minister expect women to have confidence in the criminal justice system when almost all rapists do not see the inside of a courtroom?
As we acknowledged a couple of years ago, of course we need to do more to improve rape outcomes in the criminal justice system, and the rape review action plan is showing considerable progress.
We have already increased the average sentence for rape by a third since Labour was last in office—by the way, using a power that the Labour party voted against in this House.
Thanks to our action plan, we have seen police referrals double and charges double, and last  year there was a 50% increase in rape convictions—and now rapists will serve every single day of their sentence behind bars.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman raises his time at the Crown Prosecution Service, but he has not acknowledged that, under his tenure, rape convictions actually dropped.
The Prime Minister knows that is going to be fact checked.
He also knows that I support tough sentences.
I really think that victims of violence against women and girls deserve better than this nonsense from the Prime Minister.
It needs to be taken seriously.
It is not a game.
We all want more victims to come forward, but we have to be honest that, unless things change, the criminal justice system will continue to fail them.
That is why we are committed to introducing specialist rape and sexual offences teams in every force to give victims specialist support and confidence that their experience will be investigated properly.
When will the Prime Minister commit to doing the same?
We have already implemented the rape review action plan.
The Leader of the Opposition says that we need to take this seriously, and here are the things that we have done: we have ended the appalling digital strip search of victims’ mobile phones; we have ensured that there is better use of pre-recorded cross examination; we have rolled out Operation Soteria, with incredible success, across all the nation’s police forces; we have significantly increased the number of independent sexual and domestic violence and abuse advisers to up to 1,000; and there is more specialist training in all police forces for these prosecutions.
That is the plan we have already put in place, and it is a plan that is working to ensure that we keep the women and girls of this country safe.
The problem is that the rosy picture the Prime Minister tries to paint of the current criminal justice system is completely at odds with the confidence that many women currently have in it.
With the publication of the Angiolini report, the country deserves to know that we are doing all we can to make our country safe for women.
That starts with what should be the most basic task: creating a safe workplace here in Westminster.