When the Prime Minister and I came into office, inflation was 11%, but the latest figures show it is now 4%—more than meeting our pledge last year to halve it.
Today’s forecasts from the OBR show it falling below the 2% target in just a few months’ time, nearly a whole year earlier than forecast in the autumn statement.
That did not happen by accident.
Whatever the pressures, and whatever the politics, a Conservative Government, working with the Bank of England, will always put sound money first.
We also understand that tackling inflation, while necessary, is painful.
It means higher interest rates and a period of lower growth, so we have given the average household £3,400 in cost of living support over the past two years.
Doing so makes economic as well as moral sense.
The OBR predicted real household disposable income per person would fall by 2% in the past year; instead, after that support, it is on track to rise by 0.8%.
Today, I take further steps to help families with cost of living pressures, starting with measures to help the poorest families.
We have already abolished higher charges for electricity paid by those on prepayment meters, increased the local housing allowance and raised benefits by double the expected inflation.
Today, I focus on those falling into debt.
Nearly 1 million households on universal credit take out budgeting advance loans to pay for more expensive emergencies such as boiler repairs or help getting a job.
To help make such loans more affordable, I have decided to increase the repayment period for new loans from 12 months to 24 months.
For some people—[Interruption.]
I thought Labour Members cared about people on the lowest incomes, but trust them not to want to hear about debt.
For some people the best way to resolve debt is through a debt relief order, but getting one costs £90, which can deter the very people who need them most, so, having listened carefully to representations from Citizens Advice, I today relieve pressure on around 40,000 families every year by abolishing that £90 charge completely.
Next, the household support fund.
It was set up on a temporary basis and due to conclude at the end of this month.
Having listened carefully to representations from the Joseph Rowntree Foundation, the Trussell Trust,  the right hon.
Member for East Ham (Sir Stephen Timms) , my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Suffolk Coastal (Dr Coffey)  and my hon.
Friends the Members for Colchester (Will Quince) and for Ruislip, Northwood and Pinner (David Simmonds) among others, I have decided that, with the battle against inflation still not over, now is not the time to stop the targeted help that it offers.
We will therefore continue it at current levels for another six months.
Next, I turn to a measure that will help businesses and households more broadly.
In the autumn statement I froze alcohol duty until August of this year.
Without any action today, it would have been due to rise by 3%.
However, I have listened carefully to my right hon.
Friends for Altrincham and Sale West (Sir Graham Brady) and for Vale of Glamorgan (Alun Cairns), and to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Moray (Douglas Ross) , who is a formidable champion of the Scottish whisky industry.
I also listened to Councillor John Tonks from Ash—a strong supporter of the wonderful Admiral pub—who pointed out the pressures facing the industry.
Today, I have decided to extend the alcohol duty freeze until February 2025.
That will benefit 38,000 pubs across the UK, on top of the £13,000 saving that a typical pub will get from the 75% business rates discount that I announced in the autumn.
We value our hospitality industry.
We are backing the great British pub.
Another cost that families and businesses worry about is fuel.
The shadow Chancellor complained about the freeze on fuel duty.
Labour has opposed it at every opportunity.