It would be easy to fill them with higher migration, but with over 10 million adults of working age who are not in work, that would be economically and morally wrong.
Those who can work should work, and I have tackled that issue in every Budget and autumn statement I have delivered.
A year ago, I abolished the pensions lifetime allowance, which had pushed doctors and others to take early retirement.
Ask any doctor what they think about Labour’s plans to bring it back and they will say, “Don’t go back to square one.”
In the autumn, with the help of our superb Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, we announced the back to work plan, which will support 1 million adults with medical conditions and reduce the number of people assessed as not needing to work by two thirds.
A year ago, I also announced the biggest ever expansion of childcare—[Interruption.]
Just listen.
Extending the 30-hour free childcare offer to all children of working parents from nine months. [
Interruption.]
We have not had a childcare plan from Labour, so Opposition Members might want to listen to ours.
Our plan will mean an extra 60,000 parents enter the workforce in the next four years—a tremendous achievement for the Education Secretary, who I think is doing an effing good job.
Today, following representations from many people, including the CBI, I announce measures to support the childcare sector to make the new investments it now needs to make.
I am guaranteeing the rates that will be paid to childcare providers to deliver our landmark offer for children over nine months old for the next two years.
That is more people in work and more jobs, sticking to our plan in a long-term Budget for growth.
I now turn to public services. [
Interruption.]
I thought they were supposed to be interested in public services—[Interruption.]
I can wait.
Order.
A little bit of murmuring is normal, but I should not be able to hear what Members are saying over there.
That is clearly out of order.
Let us have some courtesy.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
Good public services need a strong economy to pay for them, but a strong economy also needs good public services.
In 2010, schools in the UK were behind Germany, France and Sweden in the OECD’s PISA—programme  for international student assessment—education rankings for reading and maths.
Now, after Conservative reforms, we are ahead of them.
Burglaries and violent crime have halved in the last 14 years after we invested in 20,000 more police officers.
Our armed forces remain the most professional and best-funded in Europe, with defence spending already more than 2% of GDP.
We are providing more military support to Ukraine than nearly any other country, and our spending will rise to 2.5% as soon as economic conditions allow.
The NHS is still recovering from the pandemic but has 42,000 more doctors and 71,000 more nurses than it did under Labour—that is 250 more doctors and 400 more nurses for every single month that we have been in office.
Resources matter, of course, which is why, despite all the economic shocks we have faced, overall spending on public services has gone up since 2010—in the case of the NHS, by more than a third in real terms.
Although spending has continued to rise every year, public sector productivity still remains below pre-pandemic levels by nearly 6%.
This demonstrates that the way to improve public services is not always more money or more people; we also need to run them more efficiently.
We need a more productive state, not a bigger state.
In autumn 2022, I set day-to-day spending to increase by 1% a year in real terms over the next Parliament.
Some say that is not enough and we should raise spending by more, and others say it is too much and we should cut it to improve efficiency—neither are right.