Regardless of what the Chancellor says today, working people will still be paying a much higher tax burden at the end of this Parliament, and it will reach record levels.
Shockingly, the tax burden in Scotland is even higher.
Anyone in Scotland earning more than £29,000 a year will pay more income tax after the SNP voted for yet another tax rise on working people.
That means we are in the absurd position in Scotland of the SNP raising taxes on nurses and teachers while opposing Labour’s plan for an extended windfall tax on the oil and gas giants.
We even hear that the leader of the Scottish Conservatives threatened to resign last night on potentially another U-turn from the Chancellor on the windfall tax.
Does the Minister accept that the best thing to happen now would be for this circus to be brought for an end and for the Prime Minister to call the election?
As I said, I will not speculate on the contents of the Budget.
But when the election comes, Scotland’s voters will have a clear choice: a party who will stand up for Scotland’s place in a strong United Kingdom, or the Scottish National party, who wants another referendum.
I am unclear what the Labour party has to offer.
Whether he has had recent discussions with Cabinet colleagues on farm-gate prices for farmers and crofters in Scotland.
We want all farmers to get a fair price for their products.
The Government have committed to tackling contractual unfairness in the agrifood supply chain.
We will use the powers in the Agriculture Act 2020 whenever necessary.
At the National Farmers Union conference, the Prime Minister announced that the UK Farm to Fork summit will be an annual event.
That will help to strengthen joint working by Government and external partners to support a prosperous agrifood sector.
The Minister should be aware that his colleagues in the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs have recently concluded a consultation on contractual relationships in the fresh produce industry.
At a time when 23% of dairy farmers doubt that they will continue in business into 2025, will he impress on his colleagues in DEFRA and the Department for Business and Trade that urgent action is needed in relation to that consultation?
As the son of a Borders farmer, I completely understand the invaluable work that farmers and crofters do to put food on tables across Scotland and the United Kingdom.
This Government will continue to support the agriculture and food production sector.
Scotland Office Ministers regularly attend the inter-ministerial group for environment, food and rural affairs, along with representatives from the devolved Administrations.
This group oversees how changes to price, supply and trade affect our markets.
We will continue to take whatever action is necessary support that important sector.
What assessment he has made of the potential implications of allegations of impropriety in public life for his Department's work on strengthening the Union.
Our Union is strong. [
Interruption.]
Yes, it is.
Scotland’s contribution to our United Kingdom is beyond doubt, and this Government’s commitment to Scotland is without question.
From freeports and investment zones to the record block grant and £1.5 billion for the 12 city and region growth deals, we deliver for Scotland.
SNP MPs have been disengaged from Westminster for years.
Does the Secretary of State agree that it is a disgrace that its deputy leader has said that its MPs will not engage should the party win seats at the next general election?
Does he also agree that Members elected to this House should turn up and do their job?
I agree with the hon.
Lady.
Three years ago, on  16 March 2021 , we had a debate in this House on precisely the subject of this question.
At the time, I was concerned that Nicola Sturgeon’s Government were covering up interference in the complaints process against the First Minister.