Those who know them well will often know what they are trying to say or communicate, but that can be difficult in hospital when they may be being looked after by staff who simply do not know them well enough to know what they mean.
My right hon.
Friend talked about food being left uneaten.
If somebody is not eating in hospital, clearly they are likely to lose weight and their condition may deteriorate.
She also talked about medication being stopped, and she talked particularly about somebody whose partner had early onset dementia, and had been coping fairly well at home.
He walked into A&E, and that was very sadly the last time he walked.
That emphasises the challenge of keeping people moving and maintaining their ability to be mobile during a hospital stay.
She also described the fight to visit outside visiting hours.
I very much hear my right hon.
Friend’s asks on visitor access, volunteers being trained in dementia care, as well as staff training, and avoiding discharge delays, among other things.
I will pick up on some of those.
First, on the challenge of caring for people with dementia when in hospital, many hospitals have worked hard to do better for patients with dementia, for example creating dementia-friendly environments by changing the colour and lay-out, ensuring that staff are trained in dementia, and having dementia leads and dementia-lead nurses, as well as having training for volunteers.
Standard training in caring for people with dementia is available through NHS England for staff and volunteers.
Clearly, my right hon.
Friend the Member for Chipping Barnet described examples where care fell short.
I have no doubt that across the NHS, with the work already taking place, we can go further.
I will raise the points that she made about secondary care with my colleague, the Minister for Health and Secondary Care, so that we can work together on ensuring that care is right in hospitals.
He also has oversight of workforce, and we should focus on whether the training that I know is available is being taken up by enough staff, considering the number of people in hospital with dementia.
On visiting, my right hon.
Friend spoke about a subject that is close to my heart.
Having been involved in some of the decisions about social care visiting restrictions during the pandemic and knowing how hard those decisions were—weighing up the infection control concerns and ensuring people could spend time with loved ones—we have been putting in place changes to Care Quality Commission regulation to make visiting a fundamental right, a fundamental part of care and a fundamental standard of care to ensure better access for loved ones to their family members in care homes and in hospitals.
I know in particular how important that is for people with dementia, among others.
The CQC is consulting on the implementation of the regulatory change, which will be live shortly.
I believe we have taken a significant step to address concerns expressed about visiting.
Another thing my right hon.
Friend spoke about was faster discharge.
I am very alert to the risk of patients deconditioning in hospital, particularly patients with dementia.
That is why over the past year or so, we have worked hard with the NHS to get better at identifying patients at greater risk of deconditioning, in particular  those with dementia, on their admission to hospital.
We have done earlier discharge planning and have been getting care transfer hubs established all across the country, which will do the work on more complex discharges.
Often someone with dementia may need more access to social care.
We may need to increase the access to, availability and supply of social care, so that it is there for those who will need it when they leave hospital.
We have made some real progress on that over the past year.