Somehow” can only mean one thing: tax rises on working families.
Same old Labour!
Today, in contrast, a Conservative Government bring down taxes with borrowing broadly unchanged—in fact, borrowing is slightly lower than in the autumn statement.
The fact that we are bringing borrowing down is of particular importance to one very special person: Sir Robert Stheeman is the outgoing chief executive of the Government’s Debt Management Office, and after 20 years of exceptional public service, he is in the Gallery.
Thank you, Sir Robert.
I now turn to growth.
Just after I became Chancellor, the OBR expected GDP to fall by 1.4% in the following year; in fact it grew, albeit slowly.
Now the OBR expects the economy to grow by 0.8% this year and 1.9% next year, which is 0.5% higher than its autumn forecast.
After that, growth rises to 2.2%, 1.8%, and 1.7% in 2028. [
Interruption.]
Opposition Members do not want to hear this, but these are the facts.
Since 2010, we have grown faster than Germany, France or Italy—the three largest European economies—and according to the International Monetary Fund, we will continue to grow faster than all three of them in the five years ahead.
Surveys by Lloyds and Deloitte show that business confidence is returning.
In other words, because we have turned the corner on inflation, we will soon turn the corner on growth.
Today’s OBR forecasts also show that we have made good progress on the Prime Minister’s three economic priorities.
Compared to when the three pledges were made, inflation has halved, debt is falling in line with our fiscal rules, and growth is fully 1.5 percentage points higher than predicted. [
Interruption.]
Labour Members do not have a growth plan, so they might as well listen to ours.
As growth returns, our plan is for economic growth, not growth sustained through migration, but growth that raises wages and living standards for families—not just higher GDP, but higher GDP per head.
That means sticking to our plan, with a Budget for long-term growth: more investment, more jobs, better public services and lower taxes.
I start with investment.
Economists say that stimulating investment is the most effective way to raise productivity, and therefore wages and living standards.
Since 2010, we have been doing just that.
Business—[Interruption.]
Labour Members might want to listen to what I am  about to say, because business investment has risen from an average of 9.3% of GDP under Labour to 9.9% under the Conservatives.
This year, it will be 10.6% of GDP.
That is £30 billion more business investment than if it had continued at Labour levels, and it is still going up.
In the short period since the autumn statement, Nissan has announced that it will build two new electric car models in the UK.
Microsoft and Google have announced data centres worth over £3 billion.
Thanks to my right hon.
Friend the Business Secretary, the global investment summit unlocked £30 billion of investment.
In fact, since 2010, greenfield foreign direct investment has been higher here than anywhere else in Europe, and for the last three years the UK has had the third highest levels in the world after the United States and China—and we are not stopping there.
In the autumn statement, I announced that we would introduce permanent full expensing, a £10 billion tax cut for businesses that gives the UK the most attractive investment tax regime of any large European or G7 country.
It was welcomed by over 200 business leaders, with the CBI saying it was a game changer and the single most transformational thing we could do to fire up the British economy.
Today, I take further steps to boost investment.
Having listened to calls from the CBI, Make UK and the British Chambers of Commerce, we will shortly publish draft legislation for full expensing to apply to leased assets, a change I intend to bring in as soon as it is affordable.