We need a more productive state, not a bigger state.
In autumn 2022, I set day-to-day spending to increase by 1% a year in real terms over the next Parliament.
Some say that is not enough and we should raise spending by more, and others say it is too much and we should cut it to improve efficiency—neither are right.
It is not fair to ask taxpayers to pay for more when public service productivity has fallen; nor would it be wise to reduce that funding, given the pressures that public services face.
So I am keeping the planned growth in day-to-day spending at 1% in real terms, but we are going to spend it better. [
Interruption.]
The Opposition do not have a plan for public services, as with everything else, so why not listen to ours?
Today I am announcing a landmark public sector productivity plan that restarts public service reform and changes the Treasury’s traditional approach to public spending.
I start with our biggest and most important public service: the NHS.
One of my greatest privileges was to be Health Secretary.
Thanks to the NHS, I have three gorgeous children, the oldest of whom has been patiently listening in the Gallery.
The NHS is, rightly, the biggest reason most of us are proud to be British, but the systems that support its staff are often antiquated.
Doctors, nurses and ward staff spend hours every day filling out forms when they could be looking after patients. [
Interruption.]
Order.
I do not like to interrupt the Chancellor, but Mr Streeting, you are too close to me to be shouting that loudly.
If you want to shout that loudly, you should go away and sit up there.
I apologise for interrupting the Chancellor.
When patients do not show up or one member of a team is ill, operating theatres are left empty despite long waiting lists.
When we published the NHS long-term workforce plan, I asked the NHS to put together a plan to transform its efficiency and productivity.
I wanted better care for patients, more job satisfaction for staff and better value for taxpayers.
Making changes on the scale we need is not cheap.
The investment needed to modernise NHS IT systems so they are as  good as the best in the world costs £3.4 billion, but it helps unlock £35 billion of savings—ten times that amount—so in today’s Budget for long-term growth, I have decided to fund the NHS productivity plan in full.
With that new investment, we will slash the 13 million hours lost by doctors and nurses every year to outdated IT systems.
We will cut down and potentially halve form filling by doctors by using artificial intelligence.
We will digitise operating theatre processes, allowing the same number of consultants to do an extra 200,000 operations a year.
We will fund improvements to help doctors read MRI and CT scans more accurately and quickly, speeding up results for 130,000 patients every year and saving thousands of lives, something that I know would have delighted my brother Charlie, who I recently lost to cancer.
We will improve the NHS app so that it can be used to confirm and modify all appointments, reducing up to half a million missed appointments annually and improving patient choice.
We will set up a new NHS staff app to make it easier to roster electronically and end the use of expensive off-framework agencies.
As a result of this funding, all hospitals will use electronic patient records, making the NHS the largest digitally integrated healthcare system in the world.
Today’s announcement doubles the amount the NHS is investing on digital transformation over three years.
On top of this longer-term transformation, we will also help the NHS meet pressures in the coming year with an additional £2.5 billion.