Who does the Secretary of State support—the Scottish Tory leader who is standing up in Holyrood today attacking an extension of the windfall tax, or the Chancellor who we understand is about to announce exactly that?
My position has always been clear: I believe that the energy profits levy on the excess profits caused by Putin’s illegal war in Ukraine was the right thing for the Government to do, to give support to people in the cost of living crisis.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
It started so well, and I agree with the Secretary of State about the Calcutta cup—I was there to witness an historic occasion—and about the World Athletics Indoor Championships in Glasgow.
I played rugby with Jemma Reekie’s cousin for many years, and I send my congratulations to them.
However, everything from that point on, from both sides of the House, has been absolute nonsense.
At a time when many Scots are struggling to pay their energy or shopping bills due to the rapid inflation that the Secretary of State’s Government have presided over, and with inflation in the public sector running even higher, his Government have cut the Scottish Government’s funding in real terms again.
Commons Library research shows that the Scottish block grant will be at its lowest level of UK Government spending since the start of devolution.
As the Secretary of State counts down the weeks to his departure, is he proud of his legacy?
That is an easy one to answer, Mr Speaker, as I am very proud of my legacy.
Rather like winning four Calcutta cups, I have won in court with the Scottish Government four times, and there are any number of things I would like to list for my legacy.
Importantly, the Scottish Government receive a record block of £41 billion, and record Barnett consequentials on top of that.
Spending in Scotland is 25% higher per person than the UK average, so that equates to an extra £8.5 billion.
I had no idea we should all just be very grateful for the largesse of the Secretary of State, but does that largesse extend to capital funding?
Capital funding to the Scottish Parliament has not just been cut, but slashed by 10% on his watch.
That money could have been used to invest in hospitals, schools and infrastructure, and it is about to be frittered away by the Chancellor on a sickening pre-election bribe that precisely no one will buy.
Will he finally accept that it is his Government’s “bust or bust” austerity that is driving public services to the edge, and does he support tax cuts at a time when even Tory voters know that increased public investment is required?
This is nonsense.
Austerity is not a thing under this Government—not a thing at all. [
Laughter.]
No, absolutely not.
Departmental spending—this is the point that the SNP does not acknowledge—throughout this Parliament has grown by 3.2% on average.
That is the simple truth.
What discussions he has had with (a) the Scottish Government and (b) Cabinet colleagues on the Scottish Government’s international relations policy.
I have had frequent and recent discussions with the Foreign Secretary on the Scottish Government’s international relations policy.
Foreign affairs are reserved to the United Kingdom Government.
We have been clear to the Scottish Government that they must respect that.
First, may I associate myself with the Secretary of State’s comments about the Scottish victory in the Calcutta cup?
Does the right hon.
Gentleman share my concern that these recent forays into international relations by the SNP are not only inappropriate, because it is a reserved matter, but potentially damaging, both to important relationships between Scotland’s two Governments and, critically, to UK foreign policy at a time when international tensions are at a height we have not seen since the cold war?
I agree with the hon.
Lady.