Lady.
Three years ago, on  16 March 2021 , we had a debate in this House on precisely the subject of this question.
At the time, I was concerned that Nicola Sturgeon’s Government were covering up interference in the complaints process against the First Minister.
Since then, in defiance of the Information Commissioner and of a court order, they have continued to cover up.
Will the Cabinet Secretary look at whether the ministerial code and the civil service code have been broken?
My right hon.
Friend should write to the Cabinet Secretary and ask him to do that very thing.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the adequacy of support for the marine energy sector in Scotland.
The Government are firmly committed to supporting Scotland’s marine energy sector to grow.
Around 80% of tidal stream contracts awarded through contracts for difference in the last two rounds will be deployed in Scotland.
In addition, Horizon Europe selected two Scottish-based UK tidal stream developers to deliver projects in Orkney.
They will lead construction on two £17 million projects, funded by the UK Government’s financial guarantee.
The Minister knows that successive Energy Ministers have hugely helped the development of the marine energy sector in Scotland, as elsewhere in the United Kingdom.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that there is an opportunity in the next round of the renewables auction to allow for wave technologies alongside tidal  stream technologies?
Will he encourage the Scottish Government to speed up approvals of sites to get great green energy projects started as soon as possible in Scotland, as elsewhere?
I am grateful for that important question.
The Government are undertaking analysis of the technology pipeline available for contracts for difference auction round 6 against our legal obligation to ensure that the auction round is competitive.
We are considering the appropriate parameters for all technologies, including tidal stream and wave energy.
The final parameters will be published in the budget notice this month, ahead of the auction round opening.
The Seastar tidal farm off the coast of Orkney is set to be the largest tidal energy farm anywhere in the world, and it was supported by EU funding through the European Marine Energy Centre.
This comes after Edinburgh University’s report found that the UK Government could save hundreds of millions of pounds by bringing forward the development of tidal by years, if it worked more closely with its EU partners.
It is clear that the EU’s role in this in Europe and around Scotland is very important, so if Scotland is better together with anyone, is it not better together with the EU and its investment in tidal?
What a load of nonsense.
Scotland is much better served by being part of the United Kingdom, and we will continue to support all renewable energy sectors, including tidal.
Whether he has had recent discussions with (a) Cabinet colleagues and (b) the Scottish Government on waiting times for cross-border NHS provision.
The Government recognise the invaluable job that all NHS workers do; I see that every day of the week in my constituency in the Scottish Borders.
That is why the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care has written to the Scottish Government about working together to reduce patient waiting times.
We continue to be open to exploring that further.
I have a lady constituent who suffers from a rare and dangerous condition called subglottic stenosis.
Only one clinic has the expertise to treat the condition, and it is in London, yet our local health board is refusing to refer her.
It says that it can offer another treatment, but it is thought to be less safe and possibly not very effective.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure that patients, regardless of which side of the border they live on, get the best possible treatment?