We have become Europe’s largest film and TV production centre, with Idris Elba, Keira Knightley and Orlando Bloom all filming their latest productions here.
Studio space in the UK has doubled over the last three years and, at the current rate of expansion, next year we will be second only to Hollywood globally.
In the autumn statement I committed to providing more tax relief for visual effects in film and high-end TV.
I can today confirm that we will increase the rate of tax credit by 5%, and remove the 80% cap for visual effects costs in the audio-visual expenditure credit.
Having worked closely with the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, and listened carefully to representations from companies such as Pinewood, Warner Bros. and Sky Studios, we will provide eligible film studios in England with a 40% relief on their gross business rates until 2034.
Having heard representations from the British film industry, Pact, and indeed the Prime Minister, we will introduce a new tax credit for UK independent films with a budget of less than £15 million.
For our creative industries more broadly, we will provide £26 million of funding to our pre-eminent theatre, the National Theatre, to upgrade its stages.
I particularly want to recognise the contribution of our creative industries and the tourism that comes from orchestras, museums, galleries and theatres.
In the pandemic, we introduced higher 45% and 50% levels of tax relief, which were due to end in March 2025.
They have been a lifeline for performing arts across the country.
Today, in recognition of their vital importance to our national life, I can announce that I am making those tax reliefs permanent at 45% for touring and orchestral productions, and 40% for non-touring productions.
Lord Lloyd Webber says that this will be a once-in-a-generation transformational change that will ensure Britain remains the global capital of creativity.
I suspect that the new theatre reliefs may be of particular interest to the shadow Chancellor, who seems to fancy her thespian skills when it comes to acting like a Tory.
The trouble is that we all know how her show ends: higher taxes, like every Labour Government in history—[Interruption.]
I am delighted that Labour Members are cheering the fact that Labour Governments always put up taxes.
They are right!
I want to mention our life sciences sector, where we will support research by medical charities into diseases such as cancer, dementia and epilepsy with an additional £45 million, including £3 million for Cancer Research UK.
But I have long believed that we should be manufacturing medicines as well as developing them, so I can today also announce a brand-new investment by one of our greatest life science companies, AstraZeneca, led by mon ami the irrepressible Sir Pascal Soriot.
AstraZeneca made its covid vaccine available to developing countries at cost, as a result saving over 6 million lives.
Today, because of the Government’s support for the life sciences sector, it has announced plans to invest £650 million in the UK to expand its footprint on the Cambridge biomedical campus, and fund the building of a vaccine manufacturing hub in Speke in Liverpool.
That is more investment and better jobs in every corner of the country in a long-term Budget for growth from a Conservative Government.
One of the biggest barriers to investment is businesses not being able to hire the staff they need.
The economy today has around 900,000 vacancies.
It would be easy to fill them with higher migration, but with over 10 million adults of working age who are not in work, that would be economically and morally wrong.
Those who can work should work, and I have tackled that issue in every Budget and autumn statement I have delivered.
A year ago, I abolished the pensions lifetime allowance, which had pushed doctors and others to take early retirement.