Consequently, Scotland’s exports are performing well—they are up by 13%.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in welcoming the completion of fisheries negotiations with the Faroe Islands, which have resulted in 2,200 tonnes of fishing quota, mostly for the Scottish fleet?
Does he agree that since the UK became an independent coastal state, the Scottish fleet and those who negotiate on its behalf, including SNP Scottish Government Ministers and their officials, have a far stronger voice in these annual negotiations than if the SNP had its way and we went back into the EU common fisheries policy?
My hon.
Friend is a great champion of the fishing industry, and I completely agree with him.
We now come to Prime Minister’s questions.
We are joined today in the Gallery by the Speaker of the Supreme Council of the Kyrgyz Republic.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 6 March.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, including listening to the Chancellor’s Budget statement, I shall have further such meetings later today.
The UK used to be a world leader in psilocybin research but, despite the calls of the Home Affairs Committee, leading researchers, charities, veterans’ organisations and the Royal College of Psychiatrists, we have shamefully fallen behind on breakthrough treatments for conditions such as post-traumatic stress disorder and depression, causing misery to millions of people in our country.
Can the Prime Minister explain why this policy remains the responsibility of a Home Office that cannot give it the attention it deserves, and why it is okay that American, Canadian and Australian patients can access treatment that British patients cannot?
I completely sympathise and understand why people suffering from distressing conditions will want to seek the best possible treatment available, and I thank the hon.
Lady for raising the issue.
We are committed to ensuring that the UK is a world-leading  jurisdiction for pharmaceutical, clinical and other medical research, and we have asked the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs to review barriers to legitimate medical research involving controlled drugs such as psilocybin.
I am pleased to tell the hon.
Lady that our response to the council’s recommendations will be published as soon as possible.
My constituency has a long and proud history of farming, with generations of the same families helping to feed our nation.
Not since world war two have we been so aware of how important food security is to our national security, so will the Prime Minister update the House on what his Government are doing to support our fantastic farmers?
As I set out at the NFU conference just a couple of weeks ago, we will always back British farmers for continuing to produce fantastic food.
We are accelerating that plan, with the largest package of grants ever.
Indeed, one of the new schemes opens just today, supporting farmers with up to £125,000 towards the purchase of new equipment and technology.
Our schemes in England are all about more choice, not less.
Unlike Labour in Wales, we will never introduce top-down, arbitrary targets that damage farm incomes, damage our food security and take farmers back to square one.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
Three years ago, Sarah Everard was walking home when she was abducted and murdered by a serving police officer who should have been trusted to keep her safe.
As a father, I cannot imagine the pain her parents, her family and her friends are going through in this difficult anniversary week.
Lady Angiolini’s report exposes the appalling failure in police vetting and in misconduct processes, and I am very troubled by its conclusion that there is
“nothing to stop another Couzens operating in plain sight”.
How can that be the case, three years on from this horrendous crime?