I join the hon.
Lady in paying tribute to the history of her local community.
I am pleased that the city of Chester is benefiting from so much investment from the Conservative Government, so that it can maintain its local infrastructure.
Five weeks ago, Conservative MPs from across south-east London and Kent wrote to Transport for London and the Labour Mayor of London to call on them to do the right thing following the botched implementation of a temporary 40 mph speed limit on the A20 near Sidcup, which has seen thousands of drivers unfairly issued with fines and points on their licence.
It has left many drivers, including carers, emergency service workers and teachers, at risk of losing their licences and jobs, despite travelling less than 50 miles an hour in the zone.
Does he agree that TfL, the Met police and Sadiq Khan must come clean about the number of fines, and cancel these issued points?
I thank my hon.
Friend for the question.
I understand the concerns that local drivers have over this ongoing TfL issue.
Although, we are doing everything we can to back motorists across the country, it is disappointing that the Labour Mayor and, indeed, Labour-run Wales are hammering drivers at every opportunity, whether that is with temporary speed limits, blanket 20 mph zones, or the ultra low emission zone expansion.
I will make sure my hon.
Friend has a meeting with the responsible Minister to discuss his concerns.
To strengthen current spiking legislation, forensic evidence is essential.
The NHS does not have uniform policy for the screening of suspected victims of spiking at A&E. We can pass all the laws we want in this place, but to achieve justice that forensic evidence is vital.
Will the Prime Minister commit to ensuring that hospital emergency departments have a statutory obligation to take forensic samples from these victims?
I agree with the hon.
Lady that spiking is an appalling, violating crime, which seriously undermines public safety, particularly the safety of women and girls, and we want to ensure that the existing laws recognise the threat that spiking poses.
That is why at  the end of last year we announced a raft of new measures to confront spiking and support victims, including changing the law to make it clear without any doubt that spiking is illegal, as well as other measures, such as an online reporting tool, investing in research and rapid testing kits, and training for bar staff.
I will ensure that we look into the issue that she raises and write back to her.
This winter, there has been significant flood and storm damage to the infrastructure in and around my constituency of Mansfield, including our roads, drains, and flood infrastructure.
It is among the highest concerns that residents raise with me on a regular basis.
I am really grateful that from next  year in particular very significant infrastructure funding is coming our way, but what can my right hon.
Friend do to help fix this for my constituents now?
I am pleased that in 2020 we announced that we would double our flood investment to a record £5.2 billion.
In Nottinghamshire, since 2010 we have invested over £50 million to protect 15,000 properties.
I know that currently there is a programme in Mansfield that is looking at surface water and drainage improvements, but I will ensure that I talk to the Chancellor, and that we have a strong economy to keep investing in local infrastructure in my hon.
Friend’s area.
That is exactly what we are about to hear from my right hon.
Friend in just a second.
Before I call the Chancellor of the Exchequer, I remind hon.
Members that copies of the Budget resolutions will be available to them from the Vote Office in Members’ Lobby and online at the end of the Chancellor’s statement.
I also remind hon.