Gentleman share my concern that these recent forays into international relations by the SNP are not only inappropriate, because it is a reserved matter, but potentially damaging, both to important relationships between Scotland’s two Governments and, critically, to UK foreign policy at a time when international tensions are at a height we have not seen since the cold war?
I agree with the hon.
Lady.
It is important that the United Kingdom Government speak with one voice and the United Kingdom is seen to speak with one voice on foreign affairs.
I note that Angus Robertson has produced another independence document this week on foreign affairs and defence, and there is a lot of nonsense in there.
The Scottish Government want to join the NATO nuclear alliance, but they want to get rid of the nuclear deterrent.
They want to join the EU, but not the euro.
They want to have a Scottish spy agency—some are referring to it as the sleekit service, with agents heading across Europe in their bulletproof motorhomes.
It is all nonsense, and a complete waste of taxpayers’ money.
Whether he has had recent discussions with Cabinet colleagues on promoting trade between Scotland and Northern Ireland.
I am pleased to say that I have had discussions with the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland about maximising trade links, now that the Northern Ireland Executive have been restored.
What is more, the UK Government have committed to establishing the East-West Council, which will identify opportunities for deepening connections between Northern Ireland and the rest of the United Kingdom, including the scope for extending the Northern Ireland investment zone benefits to Stranraer and Cairnryan.
Will the Minister ensure that business bodies in Scotland are fully aware of, for example, the new Intertrade UK body so that business can prosper between Northern Ireland and Scotland?
Importantly, will he ensure that people can see the improvement in business trade flows between Scotland and Northern Ireland in six months’ time, as compared with six months ago?
As set out in the Command Paper, the UK Government are working to establish Intertrade UK, which will fulfil our pledge to grow the economy by ensuring that businesses large and small can make the most of the east-west trading opportunities.
Implementing the Windsor framework and the Command Paper are the Government’s priorities, and we will provide an update in close time.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the cost of living in Scotland.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the cost of living in Scotland.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the cost of living in Scotland.
We prioritised bringing inflation down, which is the key to reducing cost of living pressures.
We delivered on the Prime Minister’s promise by more than halving it.
In addition, the UK Government supported households with a package worth £104 billion—or, on average, £3,700 per household across the United Kingdom, including in Scotland.
Families in my homeland are reeling from the cost of living crisis, as both the Tory UK Government and the SNP Scottish Government have jointly loaded them with the highest tax burden in 70 years.
Does the Minister agree that it is time both Governments stopped going round in circles, left the dance and cleared the floor for Labour Governments to sort out their sorry mess?
I do not agree with the hon.
Gentleman’s conclusions.
Thanks to this Government, 2.4 million workers in Scotland benefited from £340 back in their pockets thanks to the national insurance cuts in January.
However, I do agree with him in not agreeing with the SNP Government’s approach to tax, making Scotland the highest-taxed part of the United Kingdom.
Scottish rail fares are set to rise by 8.7% next month.
This eye-watering fare hike will hit Scots hard during a cost of living crisis and push Scotland’s rail service into a spiral of decline.