Which part of his economic legacy is the Prime Minister most proud of?
Is it presiding over the highest tax burden since the second world war, or is it delivering the slowest real wage growth since the Napoleonic war?
Saving 10 million jobs in the pandemic with the furlough scheme.
The Prime Minister will know that there is consensus across this House on the need to build new houses.
Where that consensus breaks down is where those houses should be built.
Does the Prime Minister agree with me that, wherever possible, new houses should be built on brownfield sites, not on green spaces, not on green fields, and certainly not on prime farmland?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right: sustainable planning must be at the heart of our planning system.
That is why we are committed to meeting the needs of communities by building homes in the right places and, as he says, making best use of brownfield land.
We have made it clear that that is what the priority should be and we have put extra funding aside to unlock those sites.
Our recent changes to the national planning policy framework provide clearer protection for the green belt, making it clear how future housing supply should be assessed.
That is the clear difference between our two parties: the Conservatives will protect the green belt and Labour will concrete all over it.
In some jurisdictions, Ministers routinely publish their tax returns.
The Prime Minister voluntarily published his UK tax return last year.
Does he agree that Ministers of the Crown should publish their tax returns as a matter of course, and has he ever filed any returns in the USA that have not been published?
I do not think that would be proportionate or appropriate. [
Hon.
Members: “Oh!”]
No, I do not think it would be proportionate for all Ministers to publish their tax returns.
In keeping with long-standing tradition, I voluntarily published my tax returns, as did the Chancellor.
That is the right balance and I have been completely transparent about that as I have done it.
Last year, a number of us were on the first transatlantic flight powered by sustainable aviation fuel.
This week, the International Airlines Group made its first major purchase of that fuel, but that fuel is coming from the United States and it is important that we have a SAF industry in this country.
Will the Prime Minister tell the Treasury and the Department for Transport to accelerate the work that they are doing to put in place the right framework and the right support mechanisms to ensure that we have a SAF industry for our aviation sector for the future?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for championing this cause, which is absolutely right, and reassure him that we are committed to ensuring that the SAF mandate is in place in 2025.
That will require about 10% of jet fuel to be made from sustainable   feedstock by 2030.
I am pleased to tell him that, to get there, we have provided £135 million to 13 different UK sustainable aviation fuel projects to kickstart our domestic industry and, importantly, as he also knows, we have committed to introducing a revenue certainty mechanism to support SAF production in the UK as soon as practically possible.
As our 2,000-year-old Roman walls are an important historic monument of world renown, will the Prime Minister join me in Chester to walk the walls and explore how the Government can support the upkeep of these important structures, which, unlike the Conservative party, are stable, solid and in no danger of imminent collapse?
More!
I join the hon.
Lady in paying tribute to the history of her local community.
I am pleased that the city of Chester is benefiting from so much investment from the Conservative Government, so that it can maintain its local infrastructure.