With the Tories on just 15% in the polls in Scotland now, will the Prime Minister do us all a favour and call a general election?
The hon.
Gentleman claims to be supportive of the North sea energy industry, but why has he opposed all the measures that we have taken to protect those jobs in Scotland over the past couple of years?
He talks about tax in Scotland and England.
I gently point out to him that, thanks to the actions of the Chancellor and this UK Government, everyone in Scotland has received a significant tax cut from January this year.
In contrast to the Chancellor’s last Budget, the SNP’s budget put taxes up for working Scots.
Scotland is now the high-tax capital of the UK, but this Conservative Government are going to keep cutting taxes for hard-working Scots.
The Government are rightly acting to compensate properly the Horizon victims who were highlighted by Alan Bates’s legal challenge.
However, there are thousands  more sub-postmasters across the country who were not prosecuted but faced financial penalties for bogus shortfalls, causing them enormous financial and personal distress.
Does the Prime Minister agree that we should now be doing everything possible to do right by all the victims of a gross miscarriage of justice, clear their names and, at last, properly financial compensate them?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight the appalling impact that this miscarriage of justice has had on people’s mental health.
As he acknowledged, our focus is on delivering justice for the postmasters, and that is why we will introduce legislation to overturn convictions and pave the way for the swift payment of compensation.
I thank him for his long-standing campaign on mental health on this issue, and I assure him that the postal Minister is closely examining the issues he raises, is considering next steps and will keep my right hon.
Friend closely informed.
The Prime Minister will be aware that the Government’s proposals to deal with the legacy of our troubled past in Northern Ireland continue to be the subject of scrutiny, most recently in the High Court ruling in relation to compatibility with our human rights obligations.
Many families of victims in Northern Ireland are deeply disappointed with the lack of co-operation by the Irish Government in relation to murders committed in their jurisdiction or from their jurisdiction.
In relation to the Omagh bomb inquiry, for example, the Irish Government have declined to conduct a public inquiry on this worst atrocity in our troubled past, despite the courts urging them to do so.
Will the Prime Minister continue to press the Irish Government on the need for them to make available facilities to enable the families of innocent victims, including in Omagh, to pursue justice for their loved ones?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his question on this important topic, which I know will be of great interest, not only to his constituents, but to many others across Northern Ireland.
The Government have set forward their plans to deal with the legacy of the past and will continue to engage with everyone in Northern Ireland, whatever their views, to set out the best way forward.
I can confirm to him that the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland has raised these specific issues directly with the Irish Government and will continue to do so.
I, too, spoke to the Taoiseach about this very matter.
We would hope to see further co-operation on Omagh and many other outstanding cases that involve Irish jurisdiction, because, like my right hon.
Friend, I want to give families as much information as possible.
Putin has put the Russian economy on a total war footing.
He has increased military spending by 68% to 7.5% of GDP.
He claimed this month that over 520,000 new jobs have been created in the arms industry, which now employs an estimated 3.5 million Russians.