The problem is that the rosy picture the Prime Minister tries to paint of the current criminal justice system is completely at odds with the confidence that many women currently have in it.
With the publication of the Angiolini report, the country deserves to know that we are doing all we can to make our country safe for women.
That starts with what should be the most basic task: creating a safe workplace here in Westminster.
At the moment, as everyone in this House knows, we are failing in that endeavour, and we all have a duty to change that.
When will the Prime Minister make time for the vote on banning from Parliament those MPs who face allegations of sex offences?
It is absolutely right that we ensure our communities are safe for women and girls, which is why we passed the landmark Domestic Abuse Act 2021, why we set up a new 24/7 victim support line, why we quadrupled funding for victim support and why we are investing in practical things like CCTV and better streetlighting for safer communities up and down the country.
Of course, there is always more we can do, but this Government have a strong track record on ensuring that women across this country feel safe.
I want the Prime Minister to know that the people of Romford are struggling with ever-increasing energy prices, yet providers are making huge profits that run into the  hundreds of millions.
Does he agree that reductions in wholesale prices should be passed on to consumers and that standing charges should be brought down?
Will the Government hold utility companies to account for their actions?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the challenge that high energy bills have posed not just to his constituents in Romford but to constituents across the country.
That is why we stepped in with a significant package of support that paid around half of a typical household energy bill when prices were at their highest.
I know my hon.
Friend will join me in welcoming the fact that the energy price cap is set to fall by almost £250 in April, which will bring relief to many families, but we must hold companies to account.
That is why we introduced the energy profits levy on the windfall profits caused by an unexpected increase in energy prices.
We are going further to cut people’s costs by cutting their taxes and putting more money into their family bank accounts.
I call the Scottish National party leader.
Much to my surprise, this morning it has been widely reported that the Conservative party in Scotland is absolutely furious that Westminster is about to tax Scotland’s natural resources in order to pay for a tax cut in England.
Is the Prime Minister in danger of turning his colleagues into nationalists?
Obviously, I would not comment on the Budget, but I will say that when I was in Scotland last week it was crystal clear that there has only ever been one party consistently standing up for the North sea energy industry, and it is the Scottish Conservatives.
The Prime Minister knows that not to be the case.
But there is a serious point to be made here: the Conservative party wants to use Scotland’s natural resources to pay for tax cuts in England, and the Labour party wants to use Scotland’s natural resources to pay for nuclear power stations in England—the cost of that is up to 100,000 jobs.
Scotland’s wealth, resources and jobs are all a game to Westminster.
With the Tories on just 15% in the polls in Scotland now, will the Prime Minister do us all a favour and call a general election?
The hon.
Gentleman claims to be supportive of the North sea energy industry, but why has he opposed all the measures that we have taken to protect those jobs in Scotland over the past couple of years?