Another cost that families and businesses worry about is fuel.
The shadow Chancellor complained about the freeze on fuel duty.
Labour has opposed it at every opportunity.
The Labour Mayor of London wants to punish motorists even more with his ultra low emission zone plans.
However, lots of families and sole traders depend on their car.
If I did nothing, fuel duty would increase by 13% this month, so instead I have listened to my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Witham (Priti Patel) , my hon.
Friends the Members for Stoke-on-Trent North (Jonathan Gullis) and for Dudley North (Marco Longhi) and others, as well as to The Sun newspaper’s “Keep it Down” campaign.
I have as a result decided to maintain the 5p cut and freeze fuel duty for another 12 months.
That will save the average car driver £50 next year and bring total savings since the 5p cut was introduced to around £250.
Taken together with the alcohol duty freeze, that decision also reduces headline inflation by 0.2 percentage points in 2024-25, allowing us to make faster progress towards the Bank of England’s 2% target.
There can be no solid growth without solid finances.
An economy based on sound money does not pass its bills to the next generation.
When it comes to borrowing, some believe that there is a trade-off between compassion and fiscal responsibility.
They are wrong.
It is only because we responsibly reduced the deficit by 80% between 2010 and 2019 that we could provide £370 billion to help businesses and families in the pandemic.
Labour opposed our plans to reduce the deficit every single step of the way, but, to be fair, they were consistent.
In coalition, the Lib Dems supported controlling spending, but now they say that they would prop up a party that will turn on the spending taps.
It is the difference between no plan and no principles—and I am delighted that, for once,  the right hon.
Member for Kingston and Surbiton (Ed Davey)  is here to hear that.
Today, we say something different: there is nothing compassionate about running out of money.
With the pandemic behind us, we must once again be responsible and build up our resilience to future shocks.
That means bringing down borrowing so we can start to reduce our debt, and today’s figures confirm that is happening.
Ahead of my first autumn statement in 2022, the OBR forecast that headline debt would rise to above 100% of GDP.
Today, it says that it will fall in  every year, to just 94% by 2028-29.
According to the OBR, underlying debt—which excludes Bank of England debt—will be 91.7% in 2024-25, then 92.8%, 93.2% and 93.2%, before falling to 92.9% in 2028-29, with final year headroom against debt falling of £8.9 billion.
Our underlying debt is therefore on track to fall as a share of GDP, meeting our fiscal rule, and we continue to have the second lowest level of Government debt in the G7, lower than that of Japan, France or the United States.
We also meet our second fiscal rule—for public sector borrowing to be below 3% of GDP—three years early.
Borrowing falls from 4.2% of GDP in 2023-24 to 3.1%, then 2.7%, 2.3%, 1.6%, and 1.2% in 2028-29.
By the end of the forecast, borrowing is at its lowest level of GDP since 2001.
None of that, of course, would be possible if Labour implemented its pledge to decarbonise the grid five years early, by 2030; by its own calculations, that costs £28 billion a year to do.
Last month, after flip-flopping for months, Labour said that it is not going to spend the £28 billion after all, but will somehow meet its pledge. “
Somehow” can only mean one thing: tax rises on working families.
Same old Labour!
Today, in contrast, a Conservative Government bring down taxes with borrowing broadly unchanged—in fact, borrowing is slightly lower than in the autumn statement.