Only one clinic has the expertise to treat the condition, and it is in London, yet our local health board is refusing to refer her.
It says that it can offer another treatment, but it is thought to be less safe and possibly not very effective.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure that patients, regardless of which side of the border they live on, get the best possible treatment?
I am regularly reminded, particularly as an MP for the Borders, of the need for healthcare to benefit people on either side of the border, particularly through cross-border working with the NHS.
Local people in the Borders often get treatment faster and more easily because of that.
Sadly, the hon.
Member has highlighted a real problem with Scotland’s NHS,  thanks to the mismanagement by the SNP Government in Edinburgh, particularly in rural health services.
He has identified a very distressing case for his constituent and I am very happy to write to the Scottish Government, along with him, to raise the case with them.
What steps he is taking to promote Scotland’s food exports.
Scotland Office Ministers have banged the drum tirelessly to promote the Scottish food and drink industry overseas, including on trade missions in Europe, India, the United States of America and Vietnam.
In Vietnam, sales of Scotch whisky have increased fourfold and are still growing.
I was delighted to discuss what more can be done to improve trade links and market access with the Vietnamese Government during my recent visit.
Scotland’s farming and fish sector produces some of the finest produce in the world.
Will the Secretary of State do all he can to promote the sale of Scottish smoked salmon abroad as a premium product known the world over?
I think I heard “smoked salmon”, but this is not just about smoked salmon.
The most recent figures show that Scotland’s world-leading food and drink sector accounted for 29% of all UK food and drink exports.
To help the sector to continue to flourish, the Government have secured trade agreements with 71 non-EU countries and the EU.
Total UK trade with those partners is worth £808 billion.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
Scotland’s food export—[Interruption.]
Order.
Mr Cunningham, sit down!
Some of Scotland’s food export companies have been prevented from trading with Northern Ireland.
The InterTrade UK body has been set up as a result of discussions that have taken place.
What are the Minister and his Department doing to ensure that the companies that have stopped trading with Northern Ireland are encouraged to start doing so again?
In the UK Command Paper, we said that we are setting up the East-West Council, which will work to bring about the solutions.
What recent assessment he has made of the impact of the UK’s departure from the EU on Scotland.
The UK Government are working tirelessly to maximise opportunities following our departure from the European Union.
Scotland continues to punch above its weight, both in exports of goods and services and in foreign direct investment, and I am delighted to be able to say that trade is now well above pre-Brexit levels.
Scotland has been hammered by Westminster’s imposition of a hard Brexit, with the Scottish salmon industry alone suffering an additional £12 million of Brexit red tape costs.
Across every sector of Scotland’s economy, Brexit has added red tape costs, limited access to vital workers and limited markets.
Is the Secretary of State proud of his legacy, which includes a deliberate and avoidable undermining of Scotland’s economy?
As the right hon.
Gentleman will appreciate, our departure from the EU has allowed us to forge new relationships.
Consequently, Scotland’s exports are performing well—they are up by 13%.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in welcoming the completion of fisheries negotiations with the Faroe Islands, which have resulted in 2,200 tonnes of fishing quota, mostly for the Scottish fleet?