He shakes his head.
May I ask him to come to Aberdeen and explain to my constituents when he is going to listen to the trade unions, the academics, the workers and the industry and protect that industry, not only for our energy security but for Scotland’s economy?
I am in Aberdeen regularly and do meet constituents of the right hon.
Member who work in renewables, carbon capture and hydrogen as well as in oil and gas.
It is his constituents who will benefit from the investments that Great British Energy will make, for example, which he failed to vote for, and who tell me that after a long period of having no credible plan—[Interruption.]
He can shout me down all he wants; he asked a question—
Order.
I brought  the right hon.
Member for Aberdeen South (Stephen Flynn)  in early because I thought that was right for his constituents and because he had applied for an UQ, but I do expect a little respect, even if he does not like the answer.
The right hon.
Member asks a serious question, and I am trying to give him an answer, if he would but listen for a few moments.
We take the issue of job losses seriously—of course we do—but we have to recognise that over 70,000 jobs have been lost over the past 10 years because there has not been a credible plan on the future of the North sea.
We are going to deliver that alongside new jobs in the energy future.
I also say to the right hon.
Member that I am somewhat confused what the SNP’s policy is on this because, as far as I understood it, it is exactly the same as this Government’s policy, which is to look at the licensing position.
If he is telling us now that the SNP’s position has changed, that is news to me and, I suspect, to the House, but of course, the SNP has not published the draft energy strategy, which has been in draft form for two years, so it is hard for anyone to know.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that the UK arm of the company, which is an in-demand business with a highly skilled workforce and many successful contracts, has a long-term future in the UK, particularly in the context of our clean energy jobs plan announced last week and, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Na h-Eileanan an Iar (Torcuil Crichton)  pointed out, some of the risks around the development of offshore wind in Holland?
We have obviously been liaising with the company over quite a long period of time on the restructuring; indeed, the previous Government did as well.
We have been looking at this issue and will continue to work very closely with the company to ensure that there is a viable long-term future for the UK part.
But it is an in-demand business and, as I said just last month, it expanded some of its contracts, which  shows that it is successful.
Of course, it has a highly skilled workforce working in a huge range of jobs right across oil and gas.
The wider question about investment into renewables is also one that we should take seriously.
We have a huge opportunity in the United Kingdom to capitalise on the economic opportunities that come from offshore and onshore wind, hydrogen and carbon capture, but that requires consistency and a view that the UK is a safe place to invest—things that were threatened by the Conservatives.
Anyone who has met businesses in Aberdeen will know that they rely on the oil and gas sector.
This Labour Government’s “net zero at all costs” policy is a disaster for high-quality skills and jobs in the north-east and across Scotland.
What urgent action will the Government take to restore confidence and stability in the energy sector?
I reject the hon.