Friend meet Pride Park UTC to discuss its plans to give young people in Derby real choice and real opportunity by rolling out a new technical centre in our city?
My hon.
Friend has spoken often about this, and I believe that he started his career as an apprentice.
As a former Rolls-Royce worker, he will have noted the skills White Paper, and of course he knows all about the importance of that company to the city of Derby.
I congratulate Pride Park UTC on its plans for a new technical skills centre, and I will ensure that he gets a meeting with me or with the relevant Minister.
My Committee’s recent report on further education and skills highlights the poor amount of information on vocational and technical training opportunities, including apprenticeships, available to young people while they are in school.
We recommend that UCAS be expanded to provide a single portal for information on academic, vocational and technical opportunities, so that every young person is aware of how they can train in the skills that they need to access a good job.
Will the Secretary of State consider this recommendation, and work with the Department for Education to deliver it?
I welcome that question, as my hon.
Friend raises a very important point.
If we are going to have equal status for higher education and apprenticeship routes, we should look at how the information about them is disseminated to potential applicants.
I hope that she will be pleased to hear that I have already asked the Department to begin work in this area.
One of the worries about the new regime and Skills England is the loss of independence, and the loss of what we had in the former Institute for Apprenticeships and Technical Education: a guaranteed business voice, written into law.
How will the Secretary of State ensure that business has a voice in setting standards, and in making sure that those standards are upheld, so that everybody can have confidence in the changed system?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right to say that the business voice and employers’ voice is very important in this.
When I wrote the new remit letter to Skills England, I asked it to take into account the views of employers, because it is very important that the skills system is training people in a way that employers want, and that meets the future demands of the labour market.
I welcome the Secretary of State to his place, and to his new responsibility for skills.
The Government recently reduced the amount of funding for level 7 apprenticeships, so can he tell the House what assessment his Department has made of the potential impact of this reduced funding on the number of nurses in training?
The apprenticeships and skills budget, like every other budget, demands choices.
We are choosing to prioritise the level that we need in the economy, and the areas where the value is greatest.
That does imply  certain choices, and I am confident that the choices we have made will benefit the workforce as a whole, and future opportunities.
What steps he is taking to support people with health conditions into work.
What steps he is taking to support people with health conditions into work.
We are determined to open up opportunities in work for people with health conditions.
The Keep Britain Working review will be published soon.
In Pathways to Work, we have 1,000 work advisers supporting this group, and we will devolve powers, so that areas can shape their own joined-up local work, health and skills offer.
I recently visited Pluss in Exeter, which supports people living with physical disabilities and mental health conditions back into employment.
I met some of the fantastically committed mentors, who provide tailored training and support, helping hundreds of people who have been long-term unemployed into meaningful jobs, boosting their confidence and helping them rebuild their lives.