We want to ensure that there is a viable future for the company, and we are doing everything that we can in that space.
All the signs are that it is a growing, successful business, and we should recognise that and talk it up, not talk it down, as the Conservative party seems hellbent on doing.
On the hon.
Lady’s wider point, she is right to say that the future of clean energy involves tens of thousands of jobs across Scotland and hundreds of thousands across the UK, but that we need to ramp those jobs up as quickly as possible and ensure that people can achieve those jobs.
We are doing what we can around looking at the skills framework, but we also ensuring that, through the investments we are making through Great British Energy, those jobs come forward much faster and that people are supported to move from jobs in oil and gas into jobs that have a real correlation in skills.
We are picking this work up after the failure of the previous Government to have any plan.
We are moving as fast as we can, and we will see more on that North sea plan in the coming weeks.
I have to say that this is a very underpowered urgent question.
It is similar to a two-stroke engine attached to a rowing boat—[Interruption.]
Order.
When I decide on an urgent question, I do not need to be questioned about how urgent it is, or whether it is like a two-stroke engine or a 50 cc—actually, some of us think it might be a three litre.
I was, of course, referring to the shadow Minister,  the hon.
Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie) , who knows full well that he has missed the story here.
Petrofac went into administration because the Dutch Government cut a contract for offshore wind farm developments.
I dare say that that raises concerns about the viability for finance and the supply chain for the offshore wind farm industry, but as the Minister has pointed out, and as the shadow Minister well knows, Petrofac is successful in the UK.
It has 2,000 jobs in the UK and it has contracts in the UK, so we need less scaremongering from this underpowered Opposition and more assurance from the Minister that he will look after those jobs.
I will just reflect on something that my hon.
Friend said.
This is a global company, and it has not had its troubles to seek for some time.
It was subject to an investigation back in 2017, and it has gone through a number of restructuring routes since then.
Ultimately, that process came to an end when it lost a significant contract from TenneT, one of the Dutch transmission operators.
This is a company that has faced global headwinds for some time, but I repeat to the House that the UK business has a viable long-term future.
It is already growing, it is successful, and we have a responsibility across this House to talk up British businesses and the workers in those jobs, not to talk them down.
May I convey in the strongest possible terms to the junior Minister the anger and anxiety that is felt by my constituents in Aberdeen?
Right now they are providing energy security to each and every one of us on these isles, as well as revenue to his Treasury, yet their only reward, and the only certainty they seem to have on this Government’s watch, is that of looming job losses.
May I ask—[Interruption.]
He shakes his head.
May I ask him to come to Aberdeen and explain to my constituents when he is going to listen to the trade unions, the academics, the workers and the industry and protect that industry, not only for our energy security but for Scotland’s economy?
I am in Aberdeen regularly and do meet constituents of the right hon.