We will come up with a plan.
That is why we are building the industries of the future on hydrogen, on carbon capture, on offshore wind and on the supply chains—the very investments that he and Conservative Members turn their backs against time and again.
They are turning their backs on the future of the energy story in the North sea as they are more interested in exploiting problems than solving them.
Time and again, they have learned no lessons from their time in government, when they left these workers without a credible plan.
We will not do the same again.
Will my hon.
Friend outline to the House how the Government are delivering the clean energy jobs plan, which will see 40,000 new jobs in the clean energy industries in Scotland by 2030?
I am sure that move will be welcomed around the Chamber.
Will he advise us what support will be given to that plan by the Scottish Government?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point about building up the industries of the future.
I have said on a number of occasions that we should rightly be proud of six decades of oil and gas in the north-east of Scotland, and we should be proud of the work that that workforce has achieved, but we should also recognise that we have been in transition for a long time.
Building up the jobs of the future in carbon capture, hydrogen, offshore wind and supply chains is how we ensure a long-term, viable, sustainable future in the north-east—alongside oil and gas for many decades to come.
The particular work that the Scottish Government need to do in this space is about improving the skills offer so that more of Scotland’s young people can take up the 40,000 jobs we will create over the coming years.
That is a huge opportunity for Scotland’s young people, but only if we improve Scotland’s education system.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
This is worrying news.
Petrofac is one of the North sea’s largest offshore contractors, but it is entering administration today after years of financial difficulty.
While I cannot share the desire of  the hon.
Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie)  to ditch the Climate Change Act 2008, I do share his concern for those 2,000 jobs in Scotland and those workers who face uncertainty about their future, so the Secretary of State must act swiftly to find a sustainable path forward, hopefully secure a buyer and safeguard those skilled jobs.
This underlines why the Liberal Democrats have called for an independent just transition commission, putting oil and gas workers and local communities front and centre.
It was good to see the much-awaited publication of the Government’s clean energy jobs plan last week.
However, we know that job creation is not happening fast enough to keep up with job losses in the North sea, so can the Secretary of State and the Minister confirm what will be done to fill that gap in the meantime—in the short term—and to deliver a genuinely just transition that keeps those skilled workers powering Britain’s clean energy future?
First, can I just say what a contrast it is when someone rightly responds to this concerning issue in a serious way and does not talk down the industry?
This is where the House should stand taller and recognise that that company is doing good work and that there are 2,000 workers out in the North sea right now carrying out their duties.
We want to ensure that there is a viable future for the company, and we are doing everything that we can in that space.
All the signs are that it is a growing, successful business, and we should recognise that and talk it up, not talk it down, as the Conservative party seems hellbent on doing.
On the hon.