Without welfare reform, this country is stuck on Labour’s broken record of higher taxes and lower growth.
We have even offered to help the Secretary of State, so why will he not commit to making welfare savings?
We inherited a situation that had 3 million people inactive and almost 1 million people not in employment, education or training.
We are putting in place critical employment support to help long-term sick and disabled people into work, we have changed the incentives through legislation on the universal credit system, and we are increasing the number of face-to-face checks in the system, which fell on the Conservatives’ watch.
What do people think it fell by?
Do we think it fell by 10%?
Do we think it fell by 30%?
No, it fell by 90% under the system over which the hon.
Lady’s Government presided.
Many other hon.
Members have today outlined the proven track record of Access to Work in enabling disabled constituents to access employment, in addition to the challenges posed by the current shortfall in funding.
Some £1 billion-worth of additional employment support funding has been announced this year.
Can the Minister reassure the House that Access to Work remains one of the potential avenues for that funding?
Demand for Access to Work has risen sharply.
I mentioned earlier that spending went up by 17% over the past year, but I do not think Access to Work can replace a well-designed support programme.
That is what we are determined to put in place, and the  Department’s new, independent disability advisory panel will help us work out the best approaches to employment support.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The Government have made a promise that those transferring from legacy benefits to universal credit will find themselves no worse off, yet Liberal Democrat colleagues from all over the country are finding that people are worse off.
Will the Minister share evidence of how the Government are supporting the most vulnerable where they find themselves worse off?
Transitional protection is available for people making the transition across, and I spoke earlier about the support being provided through the enhanced support journey to people for whom the transition may be particularly difficult.
I am thinking, for example, about some people on employment and support allowance.
If the hon.
Member is worried about particular cases and would like to send me the details, I am very happy to look at them.
For too long, too many people in the north-east have been left behind due to stubbornly high unemployment, but the economic inactivity trailblazer offers an opportunity to tackle the often complex reasons that sit behind that.
Can the Secretary of State set out how this will work alongside existing programmes such as the new deal for north-east workers to support people into fulfilling productive employment?
People should not be denied the opportunity to work, which is why the Department has backed the economic inactivity trailblazer in the north-east with £10 million this year and a further £10 million next year.
It is testing new ways to help people overcome barriers to work.
We are determined to turn around the situation that we inherited from the Conservative party, and we are working closely with the excellent Mayor of the North East to bring these policies together.
Only 30% of people with autism are in work, compared with nearly 55% of disabled people.
Charlie, who is celebrating his 31st birthday on Saturday, lives in Baltonsborough with his parents, but like many young adults with autism, he has struggled to find employment.
His mother, Jenny, told me yesterday that Charlie is a classic example of wasted talent, so what steps is the Minister taking to ensure that adults with autism and other special educational needs can find fulfilling and secure employment?
The hon.
Member raises an important point, and I agree about the importance of not wasting talent in the future.