In general, lots of life could do with less “computer says no”, so on that basis we will agree.
On the specifics of the question she raises about pension credit, the nature of the system is obviously that it provides a guaranteed level of income; it is not setting out an entitlement like universal credit, so there does have to be a limit somewhere, and I am afraid that that does mean that some people will always be on one side of it.
What we do not want to see in a system is too many things in that winner-takes-all perspective—I take the point she raises.
I recently visited Drake Hall women’s prison in my constituency of Stafford, Eccleshall and the villages, which has the brilliant initiative of a Halfords training centre to support people into employment once they leave the prison estate.
It supports people all over the country, not just in my constituency.
Can the Secretary of State tell me what conversations are happening with the Ministry of Justice about supporting or expanding schemes like that?
That sounds like an excellent initiative.
Of course, if we are to rehabilitate prisoners, it is important that they get training and the chance to get into constructive employment after their sentence.
I am sure that that applies not just to the prison in my hon.
Friend’s constituency but throughout the country.
Alan Marnes is a constituent of mine in Southoe who has staunchly campaigned since 2002 on the issue of the lack of indexation for pre-1997 pension rights, having been one of 140,000 people who lost their occupational pension.
I wrote to the Secretary of State more than two months ago asking whether the newly revived Pensions Commission will address the issue of failed pension funds and I have still not received a response.
Will the Secretary of State agree to meet me and Alan to provide some much-needed clarity on such a long-standing issue?
I am not absolutely clear whether the particular case that the hon.
Gentleman is raising relates to people within the Pension Protection Fund and the financial assistance scheme or to a pre-1997 indexation within a solvent pension scheme, but if he writes to me with the details I will absolutely make sure that I come back to him.
One in three children in my constituency is growing up in poverty.
With the Budget approaching, what discussions has the Secretary of State had with the Chancellor of the Exchequer about scrapping the two-child limit—a policy widely recognised as one of the biggest drivers of child poverty in Britain today?
We have already taken action to reduce child poverty, by extending free school meals to all families on universal credit, and we will of course explore other avenues.
We want to reduce child poverty—in stark contrast to the record of the Conservatives.
When my constituents move into new social housing, they find it stripped of perfectly good white goods, curtains, carpets and so on.
What can the Government do to address this?
It is driving my constituents further into poverty and benefit dependency.
It is also environmentally destructive.
Surely there is a way through this issue, so can I call on the Minister to work with others across Government to address it?
The right hon.
Gentleman raises an important issue.
It might be better raised at questions to the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government, but as he asks me to pick this up with Ministers across Departments, I am happy to do so.
I can tell him that the crisis and resilience fund—formerly the household support fund—is in place to support people setting up in their new homes, as are grants that are available from housing associations directly.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero if he will make a statement on the future of the North Sea oil and gas industry.