Those were the warnings the Conservative party gave when we introduced the national minimum wage many, many years ago.
Of course, it is important that when legislating on these issues we do it closely in consultation with employers.
That is precisely what we intend to do.
Some 47% of children in my constituency live in poverty.
The Minister mentioned that he will consider all levers.
Does that include speaking with the Treasury to look at a wealth tax to bring in much-needed money to the Treasury to remove the two-child cap?
As we have discussed a number of times, of course we want to reduce child poverty.
My hon.
Friend will not be surprised to hear that, when it comes to tax, that is a matter for the Chancellor and not for me.
I welcome the Secretary of State to his place and wish him well.
Last week, I attended a drop-in for the Women Against State Pension Inequality Campaign where I was informed that there are currently 4,320 women in Dewsbury and Batley affected by the WASPI scandal.
That number was previously higher, but many of the women have already passed away without justice.
On  27 July  I wrote to the former Secretary of State regarding her support for the WASPI campaign after being contacted by more than 40 of my constituents, but I have yet to receive a response.
With the Government still refusing to engage in civil mediation to deliver justice to the WASPI women, will the new Secretary of State reconsider meeting campaigners to find a just way forward?
The previous Minister for Pensions met representatives of the WASPI campaign in order to hear directly from them about their experiences.
She was the first Minister to do so in eight years.
I will look into the details of the letter the hon.
Gentleman mentions.
I welcome the Secretary of State to his office and thank the Under-Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stretford and Urmston (Andrew Western) , for a recent visit to the DWP debt and fraud centre in my constituency.
There are 95 jobs at the centre doing tremendous work across the UK, proving that civil service job dispersal does work.
Is this not a template for other Departments and an example to the SNP Government in Scotland, who have dispersed no jobs, no power and no funds from Edinburgh?
I endorse everything my hon.
Friend has said.
I had a fantastic visit to the very beautiful constituency that he is fortunate enough to represent,   where I saw exactly what can happen through our places for growth initiative, which looks to relocate jobs out of London and into places such as Stornoway.
I have met many pensionable-age constituents, most of whom live on the Duck estate, who have lost their entitlement to pension credit because of as little as 50p.
Does the Minister agree that pension credit, the employment and support allowance and PIP assistance could all do with more common sense and a little less of a “computer says no” mentality?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question.
In general, lots of life could do with less “computer says no”, so on that basis we will agree.
On the specifics of the question she raises about pension credit, the nature of the system is obviously that it provides a guaranteed level of income; it is not setting out an entitlement like universal credit, so there does have to be a limit somewhere, and I am afraid that that does mean that some people will always be on one side of it.
What we do not want to see in a system is too many things in that winner-takes-all perspective—I take the point she raises.