They are not changed retrospectively, but the Pensions Regulator has spelt out that trustees should consider those who are not receiving inflation-linked increases when making their decisions, and should also consider the history of making such awards—particularly in some of the examples that my hon.
Friend has given.
As I have said, I think that the provisions in the Pension Scheme Bill give trustees more power to argue for those increases.
I have been contacted by a constituent who, along with her husband, worked for Hewlett Packard.
They accrued their pensions before 1997, and now, along with about 50,000 members of the Pre-97 Alliance, they are facing real financial hardship.
In 10 years’ time, their pensions will be pretty much worthless.
Will the Minister not consider legislating to ensure that these people are not left in poverty, having been promised proper pensions when they started work for the companies concerned?
The hon.
Lady has mentioned a specific company, although a small number of others are in the same position.
I am sure that not only the people running that company but the trustees will have heard the powerful case made by Members on both sides of the House.
These decisions must be made in line with the scheme rules, but no one wants savers to see the value of their pensions fall over time, and I hope that employers will take the case being made in the Chamber seriously.
What assessment he has made of trends in the level of child poverty in Cornwall.
It is unacceptable that 23% of children in Cornwall are living in relative poverty.
We will set out measures to tackle its structural and root causes in our child poverty strategy later in the year.
Child poverty cannot be tackled if children have nowhere safe to live.
One of the most shameful legacies of the last Tory Government was Cornwall being left with more than 700 children living in temporary accommodation, while only 1.4% of homes are now affordable to families receiving the local housing allowance.
What assessment has the Minister made of the extent to which that shortfall in affordable homes is driving child poverty rates even higher, and what urgent steps will he take to reverse it?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to highlight the appalling living standards and conditions in which some children—and, indeed, some members of the broader population—find themselves living.
My advice to any Liberal Democrat Member would of course be to stop blocking the homes that we so desperately need.
Let me also remind the hon.
Gentleman that this Government have invested £39 billion in the delivery of social and affordable homes, because, unlike the Liberal Democrats, the Labour party is determined to tackle the housing crisis and to “build, baby, build”.
rose—
Order.
This is a Cornish question, and I am calling Perran Moon, so I ask others please not to stand.
Meur ras, Mr Speaker.
I represent the most deprived constituency in Cornwall, which is itself one of the most deprived areas in northern Europe.
Child poverty shot up under the Conservatives.
Today our local further education college—Cornwall college, rated “outstanding” by Ofsted—is turning away young learners in construction and engineering because of a lack of space.
The college has a solution allowing it to expand, but will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss the issue and help our amazing young people to break this cycle of deprivation?
I am sorry to hear of the situation that my hon.
Friend has outlined.
If the Secretary of State is unable to meet him, I would be more than happy to do so.
What recent progress he has made on establishing the youth guarantee trailblazer scheme.
The trailblazers are up and running and have been delivering support for young people since earlier this year.
That includes, for example, mental health support and flexible work experience sessions.