She was treated appallingly, while the process wasted her time and stressed her out.
Her complaint was rejected as outside the PPO’s remit—that fact was not initially communicated to her—which caused her enormous distress and confusion.
Despite circumstances in which she was blinded by her perpetrator, she still somehow has to navigate and overcome all these processes and problems.
Of course, the PPO apologised for its error, but with a lack of empathy for my constituent in an officious response that directed her to the Victims’ Commissioner.
I turn to Tina’s interfacing with the victim liaison officer and the victim contact scheme.
This week, I received further communication from her in which she said that she has been attempting to seek support from the service and made inquiries about the restorative options that might be available, as mentioned by my hon.
Friend the Member for Wimbledon.
I thought it was incredibly brave of her even to consider that in such circumstances, but she was prepared at least to explore what that would mean, how she would go about it and so on.
Tina got a response from her victim contact officer.
In her message to me, she said:
“He shouted at me that the perpetrator is scared of me.
So they are now trying to make me feel like I am the perpetrator and the perpetrator is the victim…and they have to protect him.”
That is from the victim contact scheme, which is there to support the victim, not to defend the perpetrator—what is going on?
She continued:
“So I have removed myself from the victim contact scheme.
I do not trust them…I am not being supported.”
That simply is not good enough.
What is happening to the system to allow such circumstances to arise?
Hon.
Members might think that my new clause, which would entitle victims to a veto, is an unreasonable request, but something has to be done.
Tina has been appallingly let down by the system.
If a victim who has gone through all that is treated in such a manner, we really do need to strengthen the system and not allow it to continue as it is.
She has been told that her perpetrator is now remorseful and contrite about the whole thing, but I wonder whether psychopathy of people of that nature is fully understood.
They can be as violent as that, and they can also act up and persuade professionals that they are remorseful.
I think it is theatrical contrition and insincere repentance, and I worry that the system is vulnerable to such people.
I urge the Minister to look again at this area and ensure that victims and survivors are properly supported.
Ordered,
That the following amendment to the Standing Orders relating to private business be made: in  Standing Order No.
224 —Examination of public bills by Examiners —after paragraph 6, insert—
“(6A) In the case of a public bill in relation to which the Examiner decides standing orders are applicable, or of any additional provision in such a bill, the Examiner will not report that the bill, or additional provision, is non-compliant with a standing order on the ground that the date, or dates, specified in the standing order has, or have, not been complied with, provided that the Examiner is satisfied that anything which was required to be done on, or by, a date specified in that standing order has been done on, or by, a date that is appropriate, having regard to the purpose of the standing order in question.
”—(The Chairman of Ways and Means.)
Before we begin today’s business, I want to make a short statement on the work of the Speaker’s Conference.
The House knows how seriously I take the security of this House and its Members, staff and families, and so a year ago, I established the conference to consider the security of Members, candidates and elections, and the threats against them.