We need to ensure that the suppliers, related companies and customers of Petrofac continue to support that business, because as of today it is operating as normal.
It is incumbent on us all to ensure that that continues to be the case.
We are working closely with the company to ensure that that outcome is delivered—the hon.
Lady is right to mention the wider impact—but those 2,000 jobs and the supply chain jobs that rely on them have continued as normal today, and any suggestion to the contrary is just not correct.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that it is important to speak responsibly, with care and accuracy, about the successful UK arm of Petrofac?
To do otherwise will only serve to undermine the business and job security that we all want to see across the House.
What steps is he taking to ensure that it has a long-term future in the UK?
I rightly expect to be challenged in the House on the Government’s policies.
A strong back-and-forth exchange is important.
In this one instance, however, and separate from any view that Members might have on the wider policies of this Government, it is important that we come together where we can and say that this is a strong, successful, growing company.
It is in all our interests across the House to talk up the importance of that company’s continuing to be successful so that a buyer or another commercial resolution is found and those jobs can be maintained.
That is surely in all our interests.
Every single one of us has been criticising Government policy, not criticising Petrofac, the expertise and workers at Petrofac, or any of the workers in our oil and gas industry.
The Minister says that he has been spending time in Aberdeen.
Does he have any idea how it feels to be in Aberdeen just now, with another hammer blow coming?
And it is because of the Government’s policies; it is because there is this massive gap.
Skilled workers in the oil and gas industry will just go abroad; they will go elsewhere.
It does not matter whether we retrain them; the jobs are not there for them right now.
What is he going to do to plug that gap?
What will he do to keep these skilled workers in Scotland, in Aberdeen and in these islands, and not drive them away?
I take the hon.
Lady’s first point with a pinch of salt, after her second point that this comes as a hammer blow to the community.
There is no hammer blow; those jobs have been protected—today 2,000 workers are waking up and doing the same job they were doing last week.