What recent progress he has made on establishing the youth guarantee trailblazer scheme.
The trailblazers are up and running and have been delivering support for young people since earlier this year.
That includes, for example, mental health support and flexible work experience sessions.
We have extended the programme for a further year, bringing the total funding to £90 million.
The insights from those trailblazers will inform the national roll-out of our youth guarantee.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that the actions of this Government, in supporting young people, are in stark contrast to the situation in Scotland, where we have had 18 years of SNP neglect, with the college sector suffering a 20% cut over the past five years?
Does he also agree that, as the energy sector in Scotland transitions to greener forms of energy production, the jobs and skills needed to bolster that industry could be taught at those colleges, and that we risk having a double whammy of young people not being able to take on these important jobs, while lecturers are paid off and our colleges are in dire financial straits?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to draw attention to the importance of the energy transition.
As I said, the Scottish Government are receiving the largest spending review settlement in real terms since devolution was established.
We know that young people in Scotland have the talent, but are their Government backing them by giving them the opportunity?
We believe that a proportion of those funds should be devoted to that.
I am pleased to say that, for example, BAE Systems will be a major beneficiary of the £10 billion deal to build Type 26 frigates for Norway—a critical investment in European security, and one that I hope the Scottish Government have got around to supporting.
I welcome the Secretary of State to his place and wish him well in his new role.
I am quite confident that he will give us all the answers we wish to have.
Northern Ireland continues to have a higher proportion of young people not in employment, education or training—some 11% to 13%—compared with the UK average, so what discussions has he had with the relevant Minister in Northern Ireland to ensure that the necessary support and opportunities are provided to young people in Northern Ireland?
There should be no part of the United Kingdom in which we do not give young people the maximum opportunity.
I had a good working relationship with the Northern Ireland Executive in my previous post, and I hope to have a good working relationship with them in this post, with the shared agenda of giving our young people the best possible chance in life.
What steps his Department is taking to ensure that benefit sanctions are proportionate when considering neurodiverse claimants.
Work coaches are required to tailor work-related requirements to claimants’ capabilities and circumstances, and they can pause them if that is appropriate.
My constituent Ross has neurodiversities and is in employment, working at a garden centre, but his income is supplemented by universal credit.
After inadvertently missing a telephone appointment with a job coach, he was sanctioned, losing out on two months-worth of rent, and he risked being made homeless and losing his job if his parents had not been there to step in.
Can the Minister assure folks such as Ross that they will be powered up by our benefits system, not punished when they make innocent mistakes?
We certainly do want the system to support people such as Ross.
If work-related requirements are missed, the reason for that should be asked for, with seven days allowed for an answer.
There should also be a pre-referral check before a sanction referral takes place.
If the hon.
Gentleman would like to send me the details of what happened in that particular case, I will happily look into it.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.