It might be better raised at questions to the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government, but as he asks me to pick this up with Ministers across Departments, I am happy to do so.
I can tell him that the crisis and resilience fund—formerly the household support fund—is in place to support people setting up in their new homes, as are grants that are available from housing associations directly.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero if he will make a statement on the future of the North Sea oil and gas industry.
The North sea will be at the heart of Britain’s energy future.
For decades its workers, business and communities have helped to power our country and our world, and they will do so for decades to come.
The oil and gas industry has lost around a third of its entire workforce in the last decade as oil and gas production has declined.
A plan is now needed.
That is why in March we consulted on a framework for building a world-leading offshore clean energy industry in the North sea, alongside managing existing oil and gas fields for their lifespan.
We will respond to that consultation in the coming weeks.
Alongside that, we published our clean energy jobs plan, which sets out that over 400,000 more good jobs are to be created across the UK, including 40,000 in Scotland, by the end of the decade.
That is facilitated thanks to record investments in clean energy as well as over £50 billion of private investment since July 2024 thanks to the certainty our plans have created.
Turning to today’s news, colleagues will be aware that Petrofac Ltd has for some time been working on a restructure relating to its global portfolio.
The restructuring plan failed, following the unexpected termination of a contract by TenneT—a Dutch transmission company.
At 7 am today, holding company Petrofac Ltd announced that it will be entering administration.
While that is obviously disappointing for the company, it is the product of long-standing issues with its global business.
Contrary to misleading reports today, the UK arm of Petrofac has not entered administration and is continuing to operate as normal—as an in-demand business with a highly skilled workforce and many successful contracts.
Indeed, only last month Petrofac’s UK arm extended two significant contracts, demonstrating that the business has a viable future.
Today’s announcement covers only the top-level holding company Petrofac Ltd, which has no employees.
The Petrofac group has faced long-standing challenges, including a high-profile £77 million financial penalty imposed in 2021 following a Serious Fraud Office investigation into bribery.
We understand that there is reason to be optimistic about a commercial resolution that includes the UK arm.
The Government have been, and will remain, in close contact with the company.
I repeat this to the House: the UK business has not entered administration.
It is successful and growing, and it will continue to operate as normal.
Another week and yet another hammer blow to our North sea oil and gas industry, another gut punch to energy workers and another blow to our energy security.
Whatever the Minister says today, the blame lies squarely with this Labour Government. [
Interruption.]
They do not like to hear it, but it is true.
Today, the energy giant Petrofac has entered administration, casting doubt over the future of its 2,000 employees in Scotland—as its global headquarters is in Aberdeen—and the countless more who are supported indirectly through the supply chain.
As the Minister said, this company has had issues for many years, but the hostile environment in the UK continental shelf created by the Government has made operating here nigh on impossible for far too many companies.
Our offshore energy industry has seen thousands of redundancies since the 2024 general election.