Friend might have seen, the Chancellor has announced that a jobs guarantee scheme will be a future part of this work.
With one in six young Scots not in education, employment or training, including hundreds across my constituency, I welcome the Government’s youth guarantee to give young people the training or job support they need.
However, with stubborn youth unemployment, the Scottish Government’s swingeing cuts to the college sector and employers warning that Scottish apprenticeships are less favourable than those in England, how will the Secretary of State work to ensure that young people across the UK can benefit from this Government’s ambition?
Not for the first time, we have to point out that the Scottish Government have benefited from the biggest financial settlement since the introduction of devolution.
It should not be too much to expect that at least a proportion of that should be spent on expanding opportunity for young people in my hon.
Friend’s constituency and throughout Scotland.
Scotland has given so much to the world in creativity and innovation, and it is absolutely critical that the next generation of young Scots get the chance to do the same.
Skills bootcamps in Cumbria have provided a great opportunity: 60 hours of training for young people in disciplines as varied as coding, scaffolding and project management.
The cost to deliver those bootcamps across the whole of Cumbria is £2.7 million—chicken feed compared with the benefit that those young people and their future employers get out of them.
What conversations has the Secretary of State had with his friends in the Treasury to ensure that that scheme is maintained and continued?
I am always having conversations with my friends in the Treasury.
I agree with the hon.
Member that flexibility and some short courses in the skills and training system are very important.
Not everything has to be done according to the exact same formula and recipe, and shorter training courses have a big part to play.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I welcome the Secretary of State to his new job and wish him luck in it—especially because, with every day that passes under this Government, we see fewer people enjoying the chance to start a new job.
Unemployment has gone up month after month.
Nearly 1 million young people are not in education, employment or training because of this Government’s policies, jobs tax and business red tape; even the Pensions Minister’s former think-tank agrees with me.
People all around the country are out looking for work—young people who want to get on in life and all those trying to provide for their families—so can the Secretary of State tell us and them when he will get unemployment down?
The hon.
Lady has a short memory.
The Government in which she served presided over the biggest slowdown in living standards in recent memory, and there are 358,000 more people in work now than there were at the start of the year.
We will keep supporting young people into work and will change the system that we inherited, which had the wrong incentives and a lack of support.
We are putting both of those things to rights.
No surprises there, Mr Speaker; the Prime Minister can put new faces on the Front Bench, but they still do not have the answers.
The right hon.
Gentleman criticised the previous Conservative Government, but we got unemployment down to a 40-year low—a record Labour could only dream of.
The Government do not want to be held to account.
Worse still, the right hon.
Gentleman knows that what he is doing will not work, because the country is looking down the barrel of more tax rises in next month’s Budget, which will kill yet more jobs and opportunities.
Whether it is graduates looking for their first job or older people being made redundant, people are crying out for a Government who are on their side.