This Labour Government’s “net zero at all costs” policy is a disaster for high-quality skills and jobs in the north-east and across Scotland.
What urgent action will the Government take to restore confidence and stability in the energy sector?
I reject the hon.
Member’s assertion that this Government are somehow following a course without looking at the evidence.
Clearly, oil and gas is a crucial part of our energy mix and will be for decades to come—we have been clear on that—but so too is building up what comes next.
That means investing in the supply chains that were so often not part of the building of infrastructure that we have in our waters.
We towed things in and switched them on, but had none of the jobs that went with them.
We are determined to change that, but that comes with having a credible industrial strategy and a long-term plan for the future of the North sea, which we did not have under 14 years of the previous Government.
Incredibly, it is now eight months since the Prime Minister announced £200 million from the National Wealth Fund for the industrial future of Grangemouth.
I have had meetings with numerous companies that have proposals and are, frankly, impatient to get started.
When will this money be spent, and when will those jobs come to my town?
All there is to show for it so far are the bones of an unjust transition and industrial devastation.
We have been looking at a number of proposals.
I met the five companies that are the frontrunners for National Wealth Fund investment, along with the Scottish Government Energy Minister.
A number of propositions are to be taken forward, and I hope we will have an announcement to make in due course.
Of course, we have been trying not to just spend £200 million on the first thing that comes along but to find the genuinely long-term, viable industrial opportunities that deliver jobs at Grangemouth, not just for a year or two but long into the future.
The hon.
Gentleman is right that for far too long the site has been the victim of a lack of planning, and it is an example of a just transition done wrongly.
We want to make that different by having a serious plan for long-term jobs on the site.
The NWF has brought companies to the table, and we will deliver an announcement on that in due course.
I accept the Minister’s comments about Petrofac, but it is a very worrying day not just for the 2,000 workers whose jobs  are at stake but for the entire oil economy in north-east Scotland.
Two things are missing that we desperately need in Scotland: one is investment in the jobs and skills that we will need for the renewable industries the Minister talks about, and the other is the reform of the taxation system and the windfall tax to ensure that it is consistent for the North sea area.
What are the Government going to do about those things?
The hon.
Lady is of course right that any announcements like this are worrying not only for those directly involved but for the wider community.
I entirely recognise that point.
She is right that it is critical to invest in the jobs of the future.
We have worked with the Scottish Government—because we do work with them—to deliver joint funding for transition support so that workers can get the direct skills support they need to move from an oil and gas job into a renewables job.
That is really important, but we also need to see much more upskilling of the next generation, who can take advantage of the jobs we will create in the clean energies of the future.
On the question of taxation, I am afraid that is a matter for the Chancellor.