His mother, Jenny, told me yesterday that Charlie is a classic example of wasted talent, so what steps is the Minister taking to ensure that adults with autism and other special educational needs can find fulfilling and secure employment?
The hon.
Member raises an important point, and I agree about the importance of not wasting talent in the future.
That is the reason for the reforms we are introducing.
Earlier this year we set up an expert panel to advise us on how best to support people with neurodivergence into employment, building on the work of Sir Robert Buckland and his review of autism employment in the last Parliament.
We have now received that advice from the expert panel and are considering how to take that work forward.
I still have parents in my constituency coming to me because they are not getting the money their children need.
One constituent reports her ex repeatedly self-declaring employment until the Child Maintenance Service catches up with them, switching on to benefits for a few months, dropping to £7 a week and then returning to self-employment to restart that cycle.
Online forums openly trade tips about how to avoid child maintenance.
What will the Minister do to close these loopholes and ensure that every child gets the support they need?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
The Government plan to consult on changes to the calculation that will automatically capture more income types within that calculation.
Where parents wilfully avoid their financial obligations, the CMS financial investigation unit does have the powers to act and will investigate.
Child maintenance is key to keeping children out of poverty, and we will use these powers wherever necessary.
The 25-year-old son of one of my constituents unfortunately lost his leg when it was amputated above the knee after a motorcycle accident, but he was awarded personal independence payment and a specially adapted car, and he has been able to rebuild his life.
However, in August he was told that the PIP and the adapted car would be withdrawn from him.
Sadly, he is clearly not going to get any better.
How can we be in a situation where people whose condition is permanent are having their support withdrawn?
I would be very happy to look into the particular case the hon.
Member raises.
Of course, an appeal process is available, so I hope that her constituent has submitted an appeal.
If she lets me have the details, I will gladly have a look at the case.
Earlier this month I visited the Spear programme in north Kensington, which is doing fantastic work in supporting young people back into employment through programmes that the DWP data lab has found to have a significant impact.
Could the Secretary of State outline how evidence produced by units such as the data lab will help guide the trailblazer funding to get young people back into work?
The Spear programme was one of the first organisations to go through an evaluation with the data lab a few years ago.
I am pleased to tell my hon.
Friend that the findings from that were really positive, and I am delighted that his constituency is located in one of the youth guarantee trailblazer areas.
As we have reiterated several times, it is crucial that we do everything we can to help young people into work and address the issue, which we inherited, of people not in employment, education or training.
Many young care leavers living in supported housing want to increase their hours at work but find themselves caught in the benefits trap.
YMCA Eastleigh tells me that this  is impacting care leavers in my constituency.
What recent discussions has the Minister had with Cabinet colleagues on reforms to the tax and benefit system to make work pay for young care leavers?