There are many levers that we can look at using to do so; we have pulled some already, and we will continue that work.
I call the shadow Minister.
Every Member in this Chamber shares a commitment to lifting people out of poverty, especially children; we just have different views on how to go about it.
Children in workless households are nearly four times more likely to live in poverty than those in households where adults work.
We know that work pays, yet we on the Conservative Benches find ourselves surrounded by parties that are just itching to scrap the two-child benefit cap, resorting to yet more sticking plasters, like universal breakfast clubs, to reduce uncomfortable figures without putting in the hard work to tackle their causes.
Does the Minister share my concern that lifting the two-child benefit cap will increase worklessness, and can he guarantee that taxes will not go up in next month’s Budget for adults who work hard and make careful decisions about family size in order to pay for the £3.6 billion it will cost to lift that cap?
I am stunned to hear that the fight that the Opposition Front Benchers are choosing to pick on this occasion is opposing universal free breakfast clubs, when we know that well-fed children have hungry minds. [
Interruption.]
For those chirping from a sedentary position, that is exactly what the shadow Minister.
What I find even more staggering are the lectures from an Opposition who left almost 3 million people in this country economically inactive and around 1 million young people out of work.
They dragged 900,000 children into poverty, when the last Labour Government lifted 600,000 out.
It is the last Labour Government who we will be taking lessons from, not the last Tory one.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I note that last year the new Secretary of State for Work and Pensions said that it is open to debate as to whether the two-child limit is harmful.
I note also that this policy has been the most impactful in driving children—more than 730,000 of them—into poverty.
Will the Minister acknowledge that the two-child limit is harmful and work with Treasury colleagues to overturn it?
I am happy to acknowledge the findings of the Child Poverty Action Group, which I think has put forward the statistics that the hon.
Gentleman sets out.
I remind him and all Members of this House that this is not the only lever available to us and that all levers are under active consideration.
I also remind him,  as I have reminded other colleagues, of the steps that this Government have already taken, including the roll-out of free school meals to all families in receipt of universal credit, which alone will lift 100,000 children out of poverty.
What steps he is taking to ensure that skills provision meets the needs of employers.
The skills White Paper, which we published last week, will create more opportunities.
As I said in response to an earlier question, my remit letter to Skills England makes clear the importance of working closely with employers.
Employers have told us that they want more flexibility in the apprenticeships levy, so the growth and skills offer is delivering that, with more foundation courses and short courses launching next year.
At a recent roundtable meeting in my Thornbury and Yate constituency, small businesses told me about the particular challenges they face in delivering apprenticeships.
Given that the Secretary of State’s Department is now responsible for this important policy area, what is he doing to reform apprenticeships to make them easier for small and medium-sized enterprises to deliver, and what support will he provide so that more can do so?
We want apprenticeships to be available to employers of all sizes.