At a recent roundtable meeting in my Thornbury and Yate constituency, small businesses told me about the particular challenges they face in delivering apprenticeships.
Given that the Secretary of State’s Department is now responsible for this important policy area, what is he doing to reform apprenticeships to make them easier for small and medium-sized enterprises to deliver, and what support will he provide so that more can do so?
We want apprenticeships to be available to employers of all sizes.
We have reduced the length of time an apprenticeship needs to take, and I think we can go further with short course flexibility, which should be particularly helpful to small and medium-sized employers.
I recently visited Premier Forest Products in Newport to learn more about the vocational training and employment opportunities that the business is offering to care-experienced young school leavers in Newport, with some wonderful success stories.
Will the Department look at the model that company is creating and can the Secretary of State say more about how the Government are working with businesses to make sure that such opportunities are more accessible for people from all backgrounds, including those who are care-experienced?
I am happy to look at the experience of that particular employer.
I enjoyed a recent visit to a different part of south Wales to open an opportunity hub, which is aimed precisely at getting more young people into work, particularly those who have been out of the labour market through long-term sickness issues.
We want to support Wales in doing that, and we have allocated an extra £10 million to this work over the coming year.
If he will take legislative steps to ensure that companies who previously provided indexation of pension rights accrued before April 1997 but have since lapsed, reintroduce indexation from April 2026.
What steps he is taking to help tackle the potential impact of the lack of indexation on pre-1997 pensionable service in defined benefit pension schemes on people affected.
I obviously recognise the challenges facing those without inflation protection, particularly after the cost of living pressures of recent years, and I think that recognition is shared by Members on both sides of the House.
I met a cross-party group of MPs earlier this year to discuss exactly this issue.
Reforms in the Pension Schemes Bill give trustees more flexibility to share surpluses in their DB pension schemes with employers, and to negotiate for members to benefit from any such sharing of surpluses.
That could include discretionary increases to address the issue raised by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Llanelli (Dame Nia Griffith) .
As a result of the efforts of pensioner associations, we know that there have been unintended consequences of the Pensions Act 1995, which made it legal to stop payment of indexation to the pre-1997 pensioners of successful multinationals such as 3M and Hewlett Packard Enterprise, who, having been recruited with the promise of index-linked pensions, are now suffering hardship.
Their pensions have already been frozen for at least 15 years, despite healthy funds and trustees’ pleas.
What will the Minister do to stop this dishonourable practice, so that these companies deliver the financial security that they promised?
I absolutely recognise the issue that my hon.
Friend has raised: any of us in that situation would want those pension increases to continue.
She is aware of the legal background, but I should point out that scheme rules govern when inflation-linked increases can be paid.
They are not changed retrospectively, but the Pensions Regulator has spelt out that trustees should consider those who are not receiving inflation-linked increases when making their decisions, and should also consider the history of making such awards—particularly in some of the examples that my hon.
Friend has given.
As I have said, I think that the provisions in the Pension Scheme Bill give trustees more power to argue for those increases.