”—(The Chairman of Ways and Means.)
Before we begin today’s business, I want to make a short statement on the work of the Speaker’s Conference.
The House knows how seriously I take the security of this House and its Members, staff and families, and so a year ago, I established the conference to consider the security of Members, candidates and elections, and the threats against them.
I would like to extend my sincere thanks to the many Members and Members’ staff who contributed their time and insights to the conference.
Your experiences have been vital in shaping the findings and recommendations outlined in the report.
We published our first report in June, and today we publish our second and final report.
We now come to topical questions to the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions.
I call Catherine Fookes. [
Interruption.]
I beg your pardon; I have been given the wrong piece of paper.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What assessment he has made of the potential implications for his Department’s policies of the report by the Institute for Fiscal Studies entitled, “How do people already out of employment fare when the state pension age rises”, published on 17 September 2025.
The clocks went back at the weekend, and you nearly put them forward again, Mr Speaker.
I am pleased to be here answering my first set of questions as the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions.
I look forward to my exchanges with the shadow Secretary of State,  the hon.
Member for Faversham and Mid Kent (Helen Whately) , and the other spokespeople in the House.
The state pension age will rise to 67 from 2028.
We continue to support later-life planning by helping people review their health, finances and skills—for example, by having specific work coaches for over-50s in our jobcentres.
Consideration of the future of the state pension age is already under way, as asked for under the Pensions Act 2014.
I welcome the Secretary of State to his new position.
In my seat of Newbury, over 5,200 women have been unfairly affected by changes to the state pension age.
Those women were wronged through no fault of their own, and they deserve justice.
With a High Court hearing due in December, this could be a crucial moment for the Government—a moment to finally do the right thing.
Will the Secretary of State now listen to the ombudsman’s recommendations and commit to providing compensation to women of the Women Against State Pension Inequality Campaign?
I have to remind the hon.
Member that when his party was in government, it supported the acceleration in the rise of the basic state pension age, and that has given rise to some of the questions he raises.
You would not expect me to comment on ongoing litigation, Mr Speaker, and I will not, but I can assure the hon.
Member and the House that we will take all relevant factors into account when considering the process for the future.
Previous to my election to this place, I worked for a homeless charity in Harlow called Streets2Homes.
One of its cases involved a man who was homeless due to delays in getting his state pension.
How is the Department ensuring that delays like that are not commonplace?
We hope that those entitled to the basic state pension receive a seamless and fast service.
This is a pension that people contribute to throughout their life, and when they reach state pension age, we of course hope that they get it as soon as possible.
What steps his Department is taking to assess the effectiveness of the Access to Work scheme in helping to enable long-term career progression for disabled people.
What steps he is taking to improve the Access to Work scheme.
What changes have been made to the Access to Work scheme in this parliamentary Session.