We cannot underestimate the effect of the 14 years of constant hits and attacks from the previous Government.
There is a reason why many communities have the resilience to stand up for themselves regardless of all that: the power of their unity.
Finally, they now have a Government on their side.
It is often harder to see because it is more sparsely spread across larger rural areas, but I remind the Minister of what I know he knows: deprivation exists in our rural areas.
Can I urge him to ensure that this does not become an issue of north versus south or urban versus rural, but that the Government use taxes to address deprivation wherever and whenever it arises, including in my constituency?
I thank the former Minister for those representations.
On the point about fair funding and unpicking where money is needed, there is a lot of commonality on this issue in the Chamber.
We absolutely accept that in rural areas the cost of service delivery is higher in some cases, such as for refuse collection and adult social care.
It is common sense that if people have to travel further to pick up bins or make a home care visit, it will cost more money as a result.
However, that is not the only thing we need to take into account.
We must take into account deprivation and the ability of a council to raise money at a local level.
Daytime visitor numbers are also a factor, where a council is not getting a tax take from those visitors but there is a public service take on the other side.
Importantly, we must consider the ability of a local authority to raise tax at a local level to meet the demand.
It is the Government’s job to act as an equaliser in the system.
It is absolutely right that funding follows need, but may I gently urge the Minister to look at how the proposed new funding formula for local authorities affects boroughs across London, given that it does not consider housing costs, which we know are the biggest driver of poverty and deprivation in London?
We are in a consultation now, so we are willing and ready to hear representations, but many people—I am not accusing the hon.
Member of this—have jumped to conclusions based on headlines that are not supported by the evidence when we track where money ultimately goes.
All the matters that she rightly said need to be taken into account are taken into account.
In the consultation, we have included the cost of temporary accommodation in the base formula for the first time ever, so she will find that outer-London boroughs in particular will benefit from that.
So far, they have been underappreciated for the cost of that pressure.
What plans she has to increase community involvement in the planning process.
What plans she has to increase community involvement in the planning process.
The Government strongly encourage broad community engagement in the planning process, and we want to see greater public participation in the development of local plans in particular.
We are currently exploring new ways to increase and enhance community engagement in the planning process, including by improving access to planning data through its digitisation.
I am sure the Minister agrees it is vital that local residents’ concerns are properly listened to, especially on major planning decisions.
Having listened to many constituents in places such as New Deer, Kintore and Rothienorman who are facing huge amounts of energy infrastructure, I tabled an amendment to the Planning and Infrastructure Bill that would have created a statutory duty of consultation for infrastructure in Scotland.
In Committee, the Minister argued against it and said that the Scottish Government’s discretionary power was satisfactory.
Will he please explain why the Government believe that a discretionary power, which my constituents fear will simply be ignored, provides meaningful engagement while the statutory right that I proposed would not?