I have been along to meet them and they are devastated, fearful for their futures and for their livelihoods.
Does the Minister agree that councils should be backing small independent businesses, not making them homeless without alternatives?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that it is Labour councils that are leading the charge at a local level to regenerate local communities and invest in local businesses—the evidence is there.
They are supported by the plan for communities and the community right to buy; there is a real effort in this area.
He did not give prior notice of his intention to raise the particular issue that he mentioned, but if he wants to follow up in writing, we will certainly look into it.
I call the Chair of the Housing, Communities and Local Government Committee.
This afternoon, I visited Centrepoint, where I spoke to young people living in self-contained flats  and met the staff who are working to support those young people.
The Secretary of State will be aware that a coalition of 150 charities supporting young people are calling for a specific youth-focused section in the ending homelessness strategy; estimates show that would save £8.5 billion a year.
Does the Minister agree that it is not only morally right but economically smart to have a youth-specific chapter in that new strategy?
I commend my hon.
Friend for her work on this really important agenda.
I met representatives from the youth homelessness sector at a recent roundtable.
We are determined to ensure that the concerns and interests of young people experiencing homelessness are integrated into our report on ending homelessness, and we are working with the sector to tackle the root causes of youth homelessness.
Eastbourne’s streets are being blighted by severely overgrown grass verges that attract litter, antisocial behaviour and crime.
Will the Minister join me in urging Conservative-run East Sussex county council to urgently get a grip on verge maintenance in Eastbourne in order to help make our grass great again?
The real issue for most councils is that the Liberal Democrats did not make hay when the sun was shining in their coalition years.
Let nobody in local government forget that the seeds of the erosion of local neighbourhood services started in those coalition years, when the Liberal Democrats more than ably abetted the Conservative Government at the time.
I call Perran Moon.
Meur ras, Mr Speaker.
Cornwall is desperate to access the highest level of devolution, but because of our national minority status, Cornwall cannot and will not join a mayoral combined authority.
Before this House is asked to vote on a devolution Bill that discriminates against the people of Cornwall, will the Secretary of State meet me and colleagues to discuss a Cornwall-only devolution deal?
My hon.
Friend will know that, for the right reasons, we have put a significant amount of energy and time into meeting parliamentarians from across the House to discuss those local issues.
Absolutely, we will meet; that will probably be the sixth meeting that we have had with Cornish MPs on this issue.
We understand, respect and are investing in the Cornish identity, but we also need to ensure that the devolution agenda moves on at pace and that every part of England can realise its full potential.
I am more than happy to meet on that basis.
A new report by Crisis shows that only 2.6% of rental properties in my area of Leicester South are affordable to those on local housing allowance.
That is a real-terms cut as rents soar, because the Government have frozen housing benefit until 2026.
Will the Secretary of State explain how that freeze aligns with the Government’s aim of  reducing homelessness, and will the Government urgently review the cap so that people can afford to keep a roof over their heads?
I refer the hon.
Gentleman to my earlier answer: this Government have invested nearly £1 billion to tackle homelessness and rough sleeping.