We will meet that target of 1.5 million homes.
I call the shadow Minister.
Lord knows who the Housing Minister is talking to, because time and again, developers have said that he cannot achieve his target of 1.5 million homes.
As he knows, I have severe doubts about his ability to meet such unrealistic housing targets, and I suspect the Opposition will be proven right.
However, if he does succeed, the quality of new homes must be maintained.
Will he do what the New Homes Quality Board is calling for, and ensure mandatory board membership for developers of all shapes and sizes, and an empowered ombudsman, so that home occupiers are protected?
I thank the shadow Minister for that question.
He is absolutely right that our target of 1.5 million new homes, which is extremely stretching—we have never said anything other than that—does not entail units at any cost.
The design and quality of new homes and new places are incredibly important.
He rightly cites the new homes code of practice, and we are giving consideration in the round to whether that can be strengthened—for example, whether it needs to be put on a statutory footing.
In general, we want to drive up the quality of new homes in the places and communities we are creating.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The Competition and Markets Authority recently found that major house builders were preventing and distorting competition, including by matching prices and incentives to buyers.
That further damages public confidence in house buying, and will have pushed home ownership out of the reach of many people.
House builders have agreed to pay £100 million towards affordable housing schemes, but what redress is available for homeowners who have been misled?
How will the Government achieve oversight of that funding to ensure that builders are held accountable, the additional homes are delivered, and there are effective disincentives to stop this happening again?
The hon.
Lady draws the attention of the House to an incredibly important point.
The Government are clear that the house building sector can thrive only when there is fair and open competition.
Where that is found not to be the case, it is right that the CMA acts decisively, as it has done in this instance by extracting £100 million for social and affordable housing from the seven house builders investigated.
We are taking action to fix our broken housing system, as I have said, by overhauling the planning system, addressing our dysfunctional land market, and ending our over-reliance on a speculative model of development that produces sub-optimal outcomes and constrains housing supply.
If she has evidence of any individuals being directly affected in the purchase of their home, I would be very grateful if she could bring it to my attention.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of reductions in council tax revenue from student houses in multiple occupation on local authorities.
The Government believe it is right that students are disregarded for council tax.
If the only residents of a household are full-time students, the dwelling will be exempt.
In the recently published fair funding review 2.0, the Government proposed to fully account for the impact of student exemptions in the distribution of the settlement.
In 2013, my Bath council received £31 million through the revenue support grant.
This year, it is just around £1 million.
Students, who are exempt from council tax, are not being counted.
Will the Minister ensure that, through the fair funding review, the issue is urgently addressed, and that councils such as Bath and North East Somerset are not missing out entirely on central Government support?
The fair funding review will do what it says on the tin: it will make sure that, for the first time ever, all component pressures that councils face in delivering public services, and in raising money locally, are taken into account.