Students, who are exempt from council tax, are not being counted.
Will the Minister ensure that, through the fair funding review, the issue is urgently addressed, and that councils such as Bath and North East Somerset are not missing out entirely on central Government support?
The fair funding review will do what it says on the tin: it will make sure that, for the first time ever, all component pressures that councils face in delivering public services, and in raising money locally, are taken into account.
It is wrong that while this Parliament can decide on national exemptions that councils have to apply, which limit their ability to raise council tax locally, we do not account for that in the distribution of funding that follows.
For the first time, we will do that.
Liverpool is a university city, and I have three universities in my constituency.
Liverpool city council is estimated to lose £9 million in council tax revenue each year due to student exemptions.
Will the Minister explain when and how those anomalies will be dealt with, so that the council does not lose that amount of funding every year?
The fair funding review 2.0 is out to consultation.
We welcome contributions to the consultation from Members, local authorities and others.
At heart, we want to fully account for the ability of an area to raise income locally.
Nationally, there are 245,000 student exempt dwellings and 77,000 halls of residence.
It is quite right that we take that into account when we assess how much council tax can be raised locally.
In some cities and towns, that will make quite a material difference.
What steps her Department is taking to increase funding for homelessness prevention services.
What steps her Department is taking with local councils to prevent homelessness.
The Government have increased funding for homelessness services by £233 million, bringing the total to nearly £1 billion.
The 2025 spending review protected that level of investment until 2028-29, and provided £100 million of additional funding from the transformation fund.
The number of people in the UK who have no recourse to public funds has increased significantly in recent years.
Lots of those people end up falling through the cracks in the system—some of them perhaps end up rough sleeping, and some engage in antisocial behaviour—but the one thing they all have in common is that they do not have the support needed to regularise their lifestyle, and there is not the enforcement that is needed to remove them from their situation.
Will the Minister outline the steps being taken to ensure that people with no recourse to public funds are not left in a bureaucratic limbo, which helps nobody?
It is important that migrants coming to the UK should be able to maintain and accommodate themselves without recourse to public funds.
We encourage councils to exhaust all options when working with people with restricted eligibility for public funds.
The funding for the rough sleeping prevention and recovery grant can be used to help anyone, provided actions are within the law.
London boroughs now spend £4 million a day on temporary accommodation.
While costs and rough sleeping have soared, central Government subsidy has been frozen for 14 years, pushing councils to the brink of bankruptcy.
Do my hon.
Friends on the Front Bench agree that it is time to lift the 2011 Tory cap, so that London councils can get the support they need to make homelessness history?
The Department for Work and Pensions keeps the level of housing benefit subsidy for temporary accommodation under review, and any future decisions will be informed by the Government’s wider housing ambitions, including tackling homelessness, and the broader fiscal context.
Our fair funding review 2.0 consultation sets out our proposals to target money where it is most needed and will account for temporary accommodation costs.