If we look at the history of the 2010 to 2024 Government, we can see that the pressure on local authorities, which we have heard about from across the House, was so great that we saw trading standards wither on the vine across the country.
In many places, they are down to single individuals, never mind numbers in single figures.
We are clear that we are rebuilding local government, and hopefully we will see lots more brilliant enforcement like we have seen in Havering.
Not far from here, on Whitehall and on Oxford Street, we have seen the proliferation of Harry Potter shops.
These are not welcoming for our tourists and we do not believe that they are trading fairly.
Will the Minister support me in encouraging His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs to work with Westminster city council, which is doing great work in shutting these shops down, to ensure that we create space for thriving high street businesses?
I entirely share my hon.
Friend’s view.
We want to see thriving high streets.
We want to see full shops, but we want to see them trading fairly, properly and in a quality way, working well with their staff and being a good part of the community.
When that is not happening, it is really important that action is taken—she raises some high-profile examples—and we of course stand ready to support local authorities in whatever way we can.
What steps she is taking to build more social and affordable homes.
We announced a record £39 billion investment into the new social and affordable homes programme at the spending review, which will create around 300,000 new homes over 10 years.
Earlier this month, we published a five step plan that sets out how we will deliver the biggest increase in social housing in a generation to transform the safety and quality of social housing.
My priority as Deputy Prime Minister is to get more social rent homes built, and that is what this Labour Government are delivering.
Planning authorities such as Rugby borough council are working hard to ensure that new housing developments contain as much affordable and social housing as possible.
They work in partnership with housing developers, Government bodies such as Homes England, and others to that end, though it is not always an easy process and it often takes far too long.
Will my right hon.
Friend outline how the Planning and Infrastructure Bill will enhance their work, so that we can build as many high-quality affordable and social homes as possible and ensure that more people, particularly young people, get the homes they deserve?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that the Planning and Infrastructure Bill will unlock a new scale of housing and infrastructure delivery across all tenures to help build 1.5 million homes in this Parliament.
We are also taking action in the Bill to improve local decision making by modernising planning  committees and ensuring that planning departments are well resourced by allowing local planning authorities to set their own planning fees.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister please explain why her Government will not set a target for the provision of social housing?
While I welcome the investment in the social and affordable homes programme that she set out, the reality is that it will meet only 10% of the total number of new homes anticipated and only 10% of the current demand for social housing.
If she believes that setting national targets like the 1.5 million homes target is important to drive change, why will she not set a target for social housing?
The Government have not set an affordable housing target to date, but we continue to keep the matter under review.
Accurately trying to forecast long-term delivery is inherently challenging, but we believe that our new social and affordable homes programme could deliver around 300,000 social and affordable homes over its lifetime, with around 180,000 for social rent.