Shovel-ready projects that have planning permission are delayed at gateway 2, and checks that should take a matter of weeks are taking months, if not years.
What is the Department doing to manage the performance of the regulator, ensure it has the resources it needs, and hold it to account, so that we get spades in the ground as soon as possible?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to draw attention to the operation of the Building Safety Regulator, which, while essential to upholding building safety standards, is causing delays in handling applications for building projects, and is having an impact on new supply in London.
I hope he will take comfort not only from the £2 million the Government allocated to the BSR in February, but from the targeted package of reforms we announced last month, including the establishment of a new fast-track process to reduce delays and strengthen leadership and governance.
The Government promised to increase housing delivery through grey-belt, not green-belt, development.
Grey belt was described as
“poor quality land, car parks and wasteland.”
However, since the new guidance was published, Hertsmere has been inundated with applications that simply seek to rebrand green belt as grey belt.
The lack of clarity and the inconsistent application of the rules mean that such applications are hard to resist.
Will the Minister provide greater clarity and tighten the rules before large swathes of Radlett, Bushey, Shenley, Potters Bar and Borehamwood succumb to urban sprawl?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for that question.
He cited the planning practice guidance we have issued, which has a very clear definition of the grey belt and the rules for it.
When it comes to plan making, local authorities must take a sequential approach.
On decision making for applications outside of local plans, he will know that we have imposed very strict laws to ensure viability assessments are not used on those sites.
Where development comes forward and is judged to be appropriate by decision makers—and by the Planning Inspectorate in appeals—those golden rules will also ensure high levels of affordable housing, infrastructure and access to green space.
I welcome the Government’s bold and ambitious plan to deliver more housing, especially affordable and social homes, in Wandsworth.
The council is already delivering homes, but of the 800 homes in its plan, only 50 are accessible for wheelchairs.
How will the Government deliver more accessible homes, and will the Minister agree to raise the default standard to the M4(2) standard of accessibility and adaptation, so that everybody has the opportunity to live in a safe and accessible home?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that point.
I have a vague memory of certain parliamentary questions asking much the same, and I refer her to those  answers.
We want to ensure that all people have accessible homes.
We are considering the M4(2) standard, and we will make announcements in due course about the accessibility of new homes in general.
When the Minister has met major house builders, what have they told him about the chances of hitting the Government’s target of building 1.5 million new houses in this Parliament?
Those house builders have expressed their confidence, and their gratitude for the reforms that the Government have carried out.
It is slightly peevish of the right hon.
Lady, who stood for election on a manifesto that committed her party to 1.6 million homes, to say that our 1.5 million homes target is unachievable.
We quite regularly hear from Conservative Members that we are concreting over every inch of England, but at the same time that we cannot meet our targets.
We will meet that target of 1.5 million homes.
I call the shadow Minister.
Lord knows who the Housing Minister is talking to, because time and again, developers have said that he cannot achieve his target of 1.5 million homes.