Will the Secretary of State explain how that freeze aligns with the Government’s aim of  reducing homelessness, and will the Government urgently review the cap so that people can afford to keep a roof over their heads?
I refer the hon.
Gentleman to my earlier answer: this Government have invested nearly £1 billion to tackle homelessness and rough sleeping.
As the Secretary of State has pointed out, we are dealing with the root causes of homelessness.
That means investing billions of pounds to ensure that some 300,000 social and affordable homes are created over the decade, so that we can get people into the housing that is urgently needed.
Last week, nearly 3,000 people across Stafford borough were told at short notice that Homes Plus, one of our housing associations, is effectively scrapping the current housing waiting list.
It also said that nearly 2,000 people no longer had a housing need, but it has not explained how it has come to that conclusion.
People are confused, angry and scared.
Does the Minister agree that this is unacceptable, and will he meet me to help me find a way forward for those who have been left in limbo?
I will happily meet my hon.
Friend about that concerning development.
If she could write to me with the details in advance, that would be extremely useful.
It is my understanding that South Hams district council is in an arguably more sound fiscal position than the neighbouring Plymouth city council.
What can the Secretary of State say to reassure me that local government reorganisation will not mimic either a forced marriage or a bad marriage where the fiscally prudent one bails out the other?
We are now in a statutory process for local government reorganisation, and Devon will submit its final proposals to us by the end of November.
We do not want to pre-empt those or say anything that will direct them, but I assure the hon.
Member that there will be a consultation on the proposals that meet the threshold, and we will hear from that what local people say.
I know that reducing deprivation is a cause close to the hearts of all Ministers.
What view do they have on the extent to which high housing costs contribute to deprivation and should be taken into account when we consider funding for our local councils?
We are in the consultation period for the fair funding review 2.0 until  15 August .
The issue of housing costs being taken into account when we judge deprivation has been raised by Members previously, but I encourage all Members of the House and people beyond it to submit their responses to the consultation.
Can the Deputy Prime Minister guarantee that no Muslim Brotherhood affiliates will participate in the consultation on the definition of Islamophobia?
We have the terms of reference, and we have the consultation that is going on at the moment.
I am not going to provide a running commentary on the work of the independent group.
The Government have a non-engagement policy with the MCB, and that position has not changed.
City of York council is the lowest funded unitary authority, but under the fair funding review we do not fare any better.
Can the Minister extend the consultation guidelines?
These are complex issues.
Will he meet our council to look at the impact of the review?
I thank my hon.
Friend for the work she has done to champion fair funding across local government, particularly for York.
I absolutely understand the issues.
The fair funding review is meant to do two things.
It takes into account the need—the cost pressures driving local authorities—set against the resource, which is how much local authorities can raise in council tax at a local level.
It is the Government’s role to be the equaliser to ensure that every local authority can afford decent local services, but I absolutely take into account her representations.