What is my right hon.
Friend doing to help residents in places like Peterborough get the peace of mind and justice that they so deserve?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise this issue.
Many Members from across the House have found that too many leaseholders suffer as a result of poor-quality services from managing agents.
We are consulting on proposals to strengthen the regulation of managing agents, including a proposal to make minimum professional qualifications mandatory.
My constituent Ed, a leaseholder in Monument Court, Stevenage, has been trapped for years in an unsellable flat after the building failed its EWS1 assessment because Higgins Homes had not followed its own architectural plans.
He has faced uncapped and unregulated service charges and utility billing, and the threat of disconnection, while seeing the saleable value of his property decrease by more than £70,000.
Will the Secretary of State consider introducing a statutory route through which people like Ed can pursue legal action against a developer without bearing the full cost burden?
I am very sorry to hear about Ed’s situation.
The Building Safety Act 2022 protects qualifying leaseholders from uncapped costs relating to non-cladding remediation.
When remediation is not progressing, leaseholders can apply to the tribunal for remediation orders, which can compel relevant landlords to fix relevant defects in their buildings, as well as for remediation contribution orders, which require developers to pay towards the costs of the remediation.
At Fletton Quays in my constituency, managed by Gateway Properties, leasehold residents are reporting that service charges have increased by as much as 150% in the last two years.
Flats are under warranty and faults should be fixed by Weston Homes, which built the property, but instead are being fixed by Gateway, which has increased the service charge and, I understand, has even been sending separate bills on top.
I know that the Government have been keen to address issues relating to high service charges and the need for financial transparency for leaseholders; can the Secretary of State provide an update on that work?
Unjustified service charges are wholly unacceptable, and I strongly recommend that the homeowners obtain legal advice.
The Leasehold Advisory Service, for instance, gives free legal advice to leaseholders.
Developers are typically responsible for rectifying defects within the first two years of the warranty period; even if no warranty claim is made, developers are still liable, and should not pass charges on to leaseholders.
Unreasonable service charges may be challenged at the first-tier tribunal.
Through the Government’s landmark Renters’ Rights Bill, we are doing much to address the inequities of the rental sector for constituents in Bracknell and across the country—for instance, we are extending the right to request a pet.
Now the Government are turning our attention to reforming leasehold.
My right hon.
Friend will know that many leaseholders are also blocked from having a pet by a clause in their head lease.
What can we do to deal with that?
I know that my hon.
Friend has already spoken to the Minister for Housing and Planning about this issue, and that those discussions will continue.
As you well know, Mr Speaker, pets bring joy, happiness and comfort to their owners, while also supporting their mental and physical wellbeing.
We have strengthened the rights of private tenants to keep pets in the Renters’ Rights Bill, and we will of course keep the position of leaseholders with pets under review.
Leasehold residents of Marlborough House in Maidenhead found that their developer had entered liquidation, leaving £250,000 in section 106 payments outstanding, as well as massive defects in the development.
Leaseholders fear that the authorities will ask them for the section 106 money, and that the costs of finishing the development will fall on their shoulders.