These are uncomfortable, sobering facts, and we should make no mistake: we must act on the climate and nature crisis to protect our British way of life, because no sector or part of our society is immune from those risks.
Unfortunately, all the evidence suggests that this is just the start of the threat we face.
I want to acknowledge in particular the anxieties that many young people feel about these issues.
My candid message to them is this: yes, there are real reasons to worry about the world they will inherit, but we can do something about it.
Every fraction of a degree of warming that we prevent, and every step we take to preserve nature, helps to limit the severity of impacts and protect our country from irreparable harm.
It is our generations today who have a unique opportunity to act, because unlike previous generations, we can see the evidence of the climate and nature crisis all around us, yet we still have time to limit the worst effects.
The only answer is to reduce emissions, protect and restore nature and adapt to the impacts that are now inevitable.
Let me take those in turn.
To those who doubt whether Britain can have any impact on the pathway of global emissions, the lesson of history is that we can.
Before the Paris climate agreement was negotiated 10 years ago, the world was on course for 4ºC of global warming.
Now, national commitments imply 2.6ºC of global warming, or below 2ºC if countries meet their full climate targets.
We remain way off track from where we need to be as a world, but we in this country have helped make a difference across parties.
In 2008, this House came together to pass the world’s first Climate Change Act.
That was under a Labour Government, supported by Lord Cameron, the Conservative party and parties across the House.
Now, thanks to the power of our example, nearly 60 countries have similar legislation.
In 2019, under Baroness May, the UK became the first major economy to legislate for net zero by 2050, supported by the Labour party and parties across this House.
Now, in part thanks to the actions at COP26 in Glasgow, including the leadership of Lord Sharma as COP president, some 80% of global GDP is covered by net zero commitments.
In 2021, England became the first country to introduce a legal duty to halt species decline by 2030, led by Boris Johnson and supported by parties across the House.
Now, 196 countries are signed up to the global biodiversity framework to halt and reverse nature loss.
The lesson is clear.
The choices we make as a country influence the course of global action and, in doing so, reduce the impact of the climate and nature crisis on future generations in Britain.
To those who say that Britain cannot make a difference, I say, “You are wrong.
Stop talking our country down.
British leadership matters.”
We also know that climate and nature action has huge potential upsides, and not just for future generations.
It has the potential for better lives today in energy security, lower bills, cleaner air, good jobs, better health and wellbeing, and improved access to nature.
This Government believe in sticking to our traditions as a country of  climate and nature leadership.
Indeed, turning away now, at this moment of all moments, when the threat and opportunity are clearer than ever, would be the greatest dereliction of duty and betrayal of future generations.
That is why one of the Government’s five missions is to achieve clean power by 2030 and to accelerate to net zero across the economy.
It is why at COP29 we announced a 1.5ºC-aligned target for 2035, based on legislation passed under the last Conservative Government.