We have strengthened the rights of private tenants to keep pets in the Renters’ Rights Bill, and we will of course keep the position of leaseholders with pets under review.
Leasehold residents of Marlborough House in Maidenhead found that their developer had entered liquidation, leaving £250,000 in section 106 payments outstanding, as well as massive defects in the development.
Leaseholders fear that the authorities will ask them for the section 106 money, and that the costs of finishing the development will fall on their shoulders.
Given that some developers have poor track records, with dozens of companies going into liquidation, how can we strengthen leasehold legislation to ensure that future leaseholders do not have the same problems as those in Marlborough House?
It is frustrating when we hear of situations like this, which is why it is our intention to publish the draft leasehold and commonhold reform Bill in the second half of this year.
I hope the hon.
Member will contribute his views on it, so that we can build on the proposals that the previous Government brought forward.
They needed extra work, as I mentioned in my opening answer, but hopefully we can start to deal with this issue, so that leaseholders get the protection that they deserve.
At a recent surgery, a constituent brought to me the leasehold problems that she is experiencing with her housing association.
Despite paying a considerable amount in service charges, leaseholders have been whacked with a £7,000 bill for improvements to the property’s roof, with the expectation that they will pay within 30 days of completion.
There was limited consultation, and leaseholders had no choice in who carried out the works.
What does the Secretary of State advise my constituent to do?
Again, the consultation exercise that we are undertaking is about how we deal with such matters.
I hope the hon.
Member will work with us during the consultation period, so that we can bring forward the draft legislation and get this matter right.
We hear these stories time and again, and we need to fix this problem and protect leaseholders.
I thank the Secretary of State for her answers.
The issues with the leasehold system, and the need for legal protection for everyone, have been set out in debates in Westminster Hall and this Chamber, and I very much welcome the Government’s commitment to changes.
The leasehold system here is slightly different from that in Northern Ireland, but the legal protections need to be the same.
I have a very simple question for the Secretary of State: will she have discussions with the relevant Minister in Northern Ireland to ensure that what happens here can happen for us in Northern Ireland, and that we will be given the same protection?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right.
We do work with the devolved nations, not just to show them what we are doing, but to learn from them.
We have seen that the housing situation is not an England-only situation; the issues affect the whole of the UK, and we all need to learn from each other.
Hopefully, the reforms that we are bringing through will be informed by the devolved nations, but we will also have some learnings for them.
We need to work together in lockstep to protect people, wherever they are in the United Kingdom.
What steps her Department is taking to help support housing associations in the timely remediation of unsafe properties.
In June, we announced over £1 billion of investment to accelerate cladding remediation by giving social landlords the same access to Government remediation schemes as  that afforded to private building owners.
We will shortly publish revised guidelines on how to access the funding, and a joint plan with social landlords and regulators, in order to accelerate remediation and improve resident experience.
May I thank the Minister and his Department for pushing forward Awaab’s law?