When it comes to the national scheme of delegation, which is the point the hon.
Gentleman is really driving at, he knows that as things stand every local authority across the country has its own scheme of delegation.
There is a huge amount of variation there.
There is good practice and bad practice, and—as we debated at great length in the Bill Committee—we think there is a strong case for a national scheme of delegation to improve certainty and the speed of planning decisions.
He is more than welcome to respond to the consultation that is live at present.
What discussions she has had with local authorities in Scotland on community regeneration funding.
We are committed to investing across all four nations and are delivering regeneration funding to many communities across Scotland, including the hon.
Gentleman’s.
I have met representatives of the Convention of Scottish Local Authorities, which speaks for Scottish authorities, on a couple of occasions, and I really value its partnership and insight.
The £20 million community regeneration partnership with Comhairle nan Eilean Siar, the Western Isles council, will help develop the marine economy of Vatersay and Barra, the cultural heritage of Eriskay and North Uist and the spinal route through the islands.
It puts islanders in the driving seat using the muscle of the UK Government.
Does the Minister agree that this is a template for other UK Government Departments and their relationships with Scottish councils, and does it not stand in contrast with the game of thrones being played by the Scottish National party Government, who hoard decision making and money in Edinburgh?
I note the passion with which my hon.
Friend speaks about this.
His leadership is going to be crucial to the success of this project.
It speaks exactly to why we have taken the approach we are taking: we need local communities in charge.
They are the experts on their lives and on what they need, and they should be in the driving seat.
That is why we will work with them on this project, and through our plans set out in the spending review we will put that at the heart of everything we do.
What steps she is taking to support high streets.
We are committed to rejuvenating our high streets and town centres.
That includes tackling empty shops through high street rental auctions and legislating for a community right to buy to protect precious assets.
That is set out in the spending review, providing funding to up to 350 places to help communities drive forward the changes they want to see in their areas.
I hear what the Minister is saying, but our high streets are under enormous pressure because of Labour’s jobs tax and cuts to business rates relief.
As good tax-paying shops shut down, they are being replaced by dodgy front businesses.
To fight that in my constituency, Havering trading standards last week seized £17,000-worth of illicit goods from one shop in Upminster through a collaboration between the council, the public, the police and me as the MP.
This vital work is at risk because the Government are planning to shift council grant money away from the capital and up to places in the north of England.
Can the Minister assure me that Labour is not, in the Mayor of London’s words, planning to “level down” the capital by threatening resources for councils here?
I cannot accept the hon.
Lady’s characterisation.
If we look at the history of the 2010 to 2024 Government, we can see that the pressure on local authorities, which we have heard about from across the House, was so great that we saw trading standards wither on the vine across the country.
In many places, they are down to single individuals, never mind numbers in single figures.
We are clear that we are rebuilding local government, and hopefully we will see lots more brilliant enforcement like we have seen in Havering.