I urge Members to let the independent group get on with its work.
If the shadow Secretary of State has views, he should feed them in as part of the call for evidence.
Residents in parts of East Cleveland are rightly sick of unscrupulous landlords dumping individuals with serious criminal histories in our villages.
Will the Department support my call for the council to introduce selective licensing in the area, and what further support can the Secretary of State offer to help us take back control of our villages?
The Government support selective licensing as a tool to tackle the impact of poor housing management on local communities.
The general approval that we granted in December gives councils full powers to introduce schemes, regardless of their size.
My hon.
Friend’s own authority will have heard loud and clear his call for it to consider doing so.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I refer the House to my entry in the register of interests.
This weekend was a fantastic economic boost for many seaside towns, but along with the visitors, towns such as Poole and Bournemouth are blighted with illegal parking on roundabouts and across driveways and pavements.
The Minister knows exactly what I am about to say: with 1,700 tickets issued, with the most dangerous cars towed away and with fines fixed for 20 years, does he believe that it is reasonable that council tax payers should pick up the bill of up to £200 per towed-away car for an illegal driver?
It is incumbent on all of us to park with a degree of responsibility, particularly at peak times.
I think parking-related issues are the No.
1 feature of my mailbag.
Our consultation on private parking opened last Friday.
I am interested in working with the hon.
Lady and all Members to ensure that we get the balance right.
Many people, from the Women and Equalities Committee to the Miscarriage Association and Myleene Klass, have fought for miscarriage bereavement leave.
Similarly, Can’t Buy My Silence and my right hon.
Friend the Member for Sheffield Heeley (Louise Haigh) called for a ban on non-disclosure agreements.
Thanks to the Deputy Prime Minister’s cross-departmental role, these protections will be delivered by Labour.
How and when will they come into force?
I am incredibly proud that the Government are introducing life-changing measures that will make a real difference when people are at their most vulnerable.
I personally thank my hon.
Friend for courageously telling her own story, and I thank my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Sheffield Heeley (Louise Haigh)  for her incredible and tenacious campaigning.
Their work will change the lives of so many.
We want to bring the benefits of these vital measures to people as soon as possible.
We will be consulting on them in the coming months, prior to commencement.
Home ownership feels increasingly out of reach for many first-time buyers, particularly for young families who want to remain in the beautiful Scottish Borders.
What can the Government do to ensure that house builders deliver more affordable family-sized homes in all parts of the United Kingdom so that local people have the chance to own their home in the communities where they were brought up?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that housing is a devolved matter.
When it comes to affordability, we are taking steps not only to boost  housing supply significantly, as I have set out, but to ensure that more first-time buyers can get access, not least through the permanent mortgage guarantee scheme, on which the Chancellor will add more details in her Mansion House speech this week.
The  latest evidence shows that the gap between average wages and rent in my constituency of Poole is one of the widest in the country.
Can the Minister explain how we will ensure that the new homes that we build will be truly affordable and not subject to excessive rent increases?
My hon.