On the day that the Met Office publishes its “State of the UK Climate” report for 2024, the Environment Secretary and I want to share with the British people what we know about the scale of the crisis and explain the actions that we are taking in response.
We intend this to become an annual statement to Parliament.
Let me start by setting out what we know from the science.
According to the World Meteorological Organisation, the past decade has seen the 10 warmest years on record globally.
It says that long-term global warming, assessed by a range of methods, is estimated to be between 1.34°C and 1.41°C above pre-industrial levels, and last year was the first time we saw an individual year above 1.5°C.
Today’s Met Office report shows that, in line with what is happening globally, the UK’s climate is getting hotter and wetter, with more extreme events.
The central England temperature series shows that recent warmth has far exceeded any temperatures observed in at least 300 years.
Over the past 50 years, the number of days above 28°C has doubled, and the number of days above 30°C has trebled.
This spring was the UK’s warmest on record, beating the record broken last year.
Meanwhile, warming oceans and melting ice sheets have contributed to sea levels around the UK rising by 13.4 cm over the past three decades, and this is accelerating.
The science is unequivocal about why this is happening.
As the Met Office said this morning:
“This…is not a natural variation in our climate…human emissions of greenhouse gasses are warming the atmosphere and changing the weather we experience”.
We know that climate change and nature loss are fundamentally linked and contribute to each other.
Globally, we are losing species at a much faster rate than at any other time in human history.
Here in Britain, a quarter of our mammals and nearly half of our bird species are currently at risk of extinction, with birds such as starlings, turtle doves and grey partridges under threat.
The abundance of species in England has fallen by an estimated third since 1970, and Britain has become one of the most nature-depleted countries in the world.
The impacts of extreme weather and nature loss are not simply a future threat to our country; they are already here and having impacts on our way of life.
We know that heavy rainfall made last year’s harvest the second worst in at least four decades, costing farmers hundreds of millions of pounds.
According to the Environment Agency, more than half of our best agricultural land and over 6 million properties in England are already at risk of flooding.
According to the UK Health Security Agency, there were more than 10,000 excess deaths—10,000 people losing their lives—during English heatwaves between 2020 and 2024.
As we know from recent events, rising temperatures place pressures on every aspect of our national life.
We have seen this again over the past few days, with incidents of wildfires from Surrey to Scotland, disruption due to trains overheating, and hosepipe bans announced in Yorkshire, Kent and Sussex.
The climate crisis is also a  massive threat to our economy; the Office for Budget Responsibility’s “Fiscal risks and sustainability” report, published last week, says that the damage caused by climate impacts in a near-3°C world is forecast to cut our GDP by 8% by the early 2070s.
Based on current GDP, that will be roughly £200 billion.
These are uncomfortable, sobering facts, and we should make no mistake: we must act on the climate and nature crisis to protect our British way of life, because no sector or part of our society is immune from those risks.
Unfortunately, all the evidence suggests that this is just the start of the threat we face.
I want to acknowledge in particular the anxieties that many young people feel about these issues.