Will the Minister comment on what plans the Government have to ensure that we build in for nature, and specifically on the prospect of, and appetite for support for, swift bricks?
Although swift brick coverage is increasing, we want to drive up swift brick installation.
As I made clear on Report of the Planning and Infrastructure Bill, we are considering using a new sweep of national policies for decision making, to require swift bricks to be incorporated into new buildings unless there are compelling reasons that preclude their use or would make them ineffective.
Will the Minister outline what new planning powers could be provided to local councils to ensure that my local communities in Broxbourne can say no to houses in multiple occupation—HMOs—where they are not wanted?
The hon.
Gentleman—who I have great affection for, as we go through our tenure—is a highly experienced former councillor, and he will know that local authorities already have article 4 powers.
If he has evidence that those powers are not proving effective, I would really like to have more information.
In the light of the Government’s determination to bring prosperity to coalfield communities like Doncaster, does the Minister share my desire for the fast delivery of the Coalfields Regeneration Trust industrial project?
It is also important to transfer any potential funds directly to the CRT, so as not to delay any delivery with bureaucratic processes and bidding.
The Government are committed to investing in coalfield communities, and I was pleased to meet my hon.
Friend and Mayor Ros Jones to talk about their exciting plans in Doncaster, which we are investing in.
We are looking very closely at what the Coalfields Regeneration Trust has sent us; the trust is, of course, a great legacy of the previous Labour Government, and we are committed to working with it.
My constituent Ryan from Carpenders Park wrote me with concerns about the lack of community spaces, especially alongside the Government’s housing targets.
Will the Minister reassure the House that the Government will ensure there are community spaces to support any new housing developments?
I say two things to the hon.
Gentleman.
He will forgive me if he knows this already, but we did strengthen the provision for infrastructure in our recent changes to the national planning policy framework.
Beyond that, we want to strengthen the existing system for developer contributions—where infrastructure and affordable housing comes through planning agreements—so that local authorities can extract more public gain from that process.
Cayton, a village in my constituency, could now become home to 2,500 new homes through the Government’s new homes accelerator.
To ensure the success of that project, it is essential that we deliver the appropriate infrastructure, such as GP services, proper drainage and roads, all of which have not accompanied previous developments.
What steps is the Minister taking to develop a coastal strategy to ensure that new developments for coastal villages like Cayton are delivered alongside infrastructure?
The Government take a similar interest in coastal communities.
As Local Growth Minister, I work closely with coastal authorities and have a significant eye on coastal communities.
We want to strengthen the system of developer contributions to make sure that the new developments provide that infrastructure, with further details to come.
The changes in the national planning policy framework, mentioned by the Minister for Housing and Planning, will support increased provision and modernisation of infrastructure.
With regards to the south of Cayton, the new homes accelerator is supporting the delivery of 2,500 homes.
Hard-working traders at Stockton’s historic Shambles shopping centre were shocked to receive letters from Stockton’s Labour council telling them that they were to be evicted and inviting them to a meeting with less than 24 hours’ notice.
I have been along to meet them and they are devastated, fearful for their futures and for their livelihoods.
Does the Minister agree that councils should be backing small independent businesses, not making them homeless without alternatives?
The hon.