Friends on the Front Bench agree that it is time to lift the 2011 Tory cap, so that London councils can get the support they need to make homelessness history?
The Department for Work and Pensions keeps the level of housing benefit subsidy for temporary accommodation under review, and any future decisions will be informed by the Government’s wider housing ambitions, including tackling homelessness, and the broader fiscal context.
Our fair funding review 2.0 consultation sets out our proposals to target money where it is most needed and will account for temporary accommodation costs.
Homelessness is a huge issue in my constituency, where housing costs are among the highest in the country and people cannot find social and affordable housing.
The business rates reset proposed under the fair funding review would potentially lead to a 42% decrease in the net resources available to the council.
Can the Minister  assure those living in the Cherwell district council area that the fair funding review will include protected support for tackling homelessness?
The hon.
Gentleman will be aware that we inherited a homelessness crisis, with record levels of people in temporary accommodation.
Rough sleeping has gone up by 164% since 2010.
The previous Labour Government cut homelessness and rough sleeping dramatically.
We are investing to tackle the root causes of homelessness, and I look forward to working with the hon.
Gentleman on those issues.
I call the shadow Minister.
Recent figures provided by CHAIN report a record 13,231 people sleeping rough in London—a 19% increase in the year since this Government took office, and a 63% increase since Sadiq Khan took office as Mayor of London.
What conversations has the Minister had with the Mayor of London to tackle this failure in leadership, and will she commit to eliminating rough sleeping by the end of this Parliament?
After a year of this Government, it has gone up.
I gently remind the shadow Minister that rough sleeping has gone up by 164% since 2010, and that it was cut by two thirds by the previous Labour Government.
What about this one?
Why does the hon.
Gentleman not apologise for his party’s record of 14 years of failure?
We are taking action to tackle the root causes of rough sleeping and homelessness.
He should apologise for the failures of his Government.
What steps she plans to take to help to increase participation in UK elections.
This Government are committed to increasing participation in our democracy.
We will give 16 and 17-year-olds the right to vote in all elections, giving them a say in shaping their future.
Where we find barriers to participation, we will work with the electoral sector and other stakeholders to tackle them.
I recently had the pleasure of getting a robust grilling from some 16 and 17-year-olds from Aquinas sixth-form college in my constituency, which left me filled with optimism and a real sense that our democracy is in good hands.
My worry, though, is that these sixth-formers and young people like them might lose their enthusiasm for our democracy and for voting because they feel that our first-past-the-post voting system leads to politicians taking a majority of power on a minority of votes.
With more than 40% of MPs elected with under 40% of the votes cast in their constituency, does the Minister agree with her own Government’s statement on why they are scrapping first past the post for mayoral and police and crime commissioner elections, and should we expect a different voting system when the Aquinas sixth-formers vote at the next general election?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for her question.
Her party had the opportunity when in government to introduce electoral reform.
This Government are focused on ensuring that young people are enfranchised.
I look forward to working with her to deliver votes at 16 for young people in our country.