Will the Secretary of State commit to protecting Wylfa for a new gigawatt-scale reactor in the future?
It is indeed time for a policy of radical honesty.
Global warming is a global challenge, and I am afraid the Secretary of State’s plans will have a negligible, or even negative, impact on global emissions.
Sadly, he is driven by ideology, not by the practicalities of facing this challenge while growing the economy.
We are telling the difficult truths; the Government are running from reality.
I will be honest, Mr Speaker: I just feel incredibly sad when I listen to the hon.
Gentleman—and not in a good way.
The trouble is that we are now in a situation in which the shadow Secretary of State goes into hiding when there is a statement about the climate crisis, because it is just too embarrassing to try to articulate the Opposition’s position.
The central chasm at the heart of the hon.
Gentleman’s response is that he and his colleagues have taken the decision to abandon 20 years of bipartisanship on climate.
Theresa May’s promise to deliver net zero by 2050 was one of the great strides forward, but he is now trashing that and saying it was a disaster.
Let us be honest: it is grossly irresponsible.
We are expected to believe that the Conservatives oppose net zero because they know, 25 years in advance of the target, that it cannot be achieved, but they cannot possibly know that.
Indeed, the Climate Change Committee says exactly the opposite in its latest report.
The hon.
Gentleman says he is worried about costs, but all the evidence suggests that delaying action costs more, not less.
The CCC says net zero will cut energy bills and the cost of motoring.
We do not even know whether the Conservatives want a net zero target at all, or no net zero target ever.
The hon.
Gentleman said something the other week—I read his interviews with care in my spare time—about reaching net zero by 2050 not being based on the science, but he is absolutely wrong.
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change says:
“In model pathways with no or limited overshoot of 1.5°C, global net anthropogenic CO2 emissions decline by about 45% from 2010 levels by 2030…reaching net zero around 2050”.
The point is that net zero was a target that Theresa May adopted, driven by the science.
What are the Conservatives?
They are anti-science, anti-jobs, anti-energy security, and anti-future generations.
I have to say that I cannot put it better than Theresa May—[Interruption.]
The hon.
Member for West Suffolk (Nick Timothy)  should be quiet, because he used to work for her.
This is what Theresa May, the Conservative Prime Minister just five or so years ago, has said:
“Those of us who advocate accelerating our progress towards net zero emissions are labelled fanatics and zealots.
Ironically, the name-calling often emanates from ideologues at the political extremes or from populists who offer only easy answers to complex questions.”
I could not put it better myself.
I call the Chair of the Energy Security and Net Zero Committee.
Select Committees look at the evidence, follow the evidence and make recommendations on the basis of the evidence.
Today, we have heard from the Secretary of State the evidence from the Met Office about the seriousness of the threat, the reality of the nature of the crisis and the fact that that will only grow.
The shadow Minister missed something because he needs to acknowledge not just the costs of taking action but the costs of not doing so.
The Secretary of State read out those costs: £200 billion or 8% of GDP if we get 3° of warming, according to the OBR.
Those opposing climate action in this place can also see the evidence that cheaper driving and home heating are already available to many people, and we should be making them available to as many people as possible.