Having listened to many constituents in places such as New Deer, Kintore and Rothienorman who are facing huge amounts of energy infrastructure, I tabled an amendment to the Planning and Infrastructure Bill that would have created a statutory duty of consultation for infrastructure in Scotland.
In Committee, the Minister argued against it and said that the Scottish Government’s discretionary power was satisfactory.
Will he please explain why the Government believe that a discretionary power, which my constituents fear will simply be ignored, provides meaningful engagement while the statutory right that I proposed would not?
I can do no better than to draw the hon.
Lady’s attention to the extensive remarks that I made in the Bill Committee.
In Towcester, when the DHL development was going through planning, more than 1,100 residents submitted objections to the council, thousands signed petitions, I spoke on their behalf as their MP against the plans and locally elected councillors voted 11 to one against it at the strategic planning committee meeting, but it was ultimately approved on appeal.
Residents, naturally, are losing faith in engaging in the system.
The Minister referred in a written question to there being a more democratic plan-led system taking in larger numbers of voices.
In our case, how many more residents would need to be involved to have an impact?
I think that the hon.
Lady—if I followed her argument—was speaking about objections lodged to an individual planning application.
We are making no changes to that process.
Residents all over  the country will still be able to object to any planning application that comes forward.
We are making sensible changes to improve the certainty and speed at which planning decisions will be taken, with a two-tier approach —a consultation is live at the moment to which she can offer input—but when it comes to local plans, which are a slightly separate issue, we are looking to encourage greater participation upstream.
Local plans are the best means by which local communities can shape the development coming forward in their area.
In Hartlepool, the Tees Valley Mayor’s development corporation has removed planning powers for large swathes of the town from all democratic control.
In turn, much of the planning function has been outsourced to a private company with no connection to Hartlepool, which is ruling out any community involvement.
Will the Minister look at curbing the powers of development corporations so that planning remains in the hands of democratically elected politicians?
I note my hon.
Friend’s concerns in relation to the Tees Valley.
In general, we are looking to streamline the powers given to development corporations—we took measures in the Planning and Infrastructure Bill to allow them, for example, to shape transport in areas—but if he wants to write to me or Ministers to raise more of the specifics of that case, we would be more than happy to take a look.
I call the shadow Minister.
Community support is always vital for development, and with 95% of planning applications already decided by officials under delegated powers, it is clear that that democratic voice can be missing.
Can the Minister tell the House why, taking that in tandem with the devolution White Paper, which envisages abolishing around 75% of councillors who represent their local residents on planning committees in England, local communities do not deserve more of a say, rather than less, in the planning process?
We do want local communities to have more of a say, particularly when it comes to the development of local plans, which are, as I have said, the best means for local communities to shape development in their areas.
When it comes to the national scheme of delegation, which is the point the hon.
Gentleman is really driving at, he knows that as things stand every local authority across the country has its own scheme of delegation.
There is a huge amount of variation there.