The  latest evidence shows that the gap between average wages and rent in my constituency of Poole is one of the widest in the country.
Can the Minister explain how we will ensure that the new homes that we build will be truly affordable and not subject to excessive rent increases?
My hon.
Friend will have noted the £39 billion allocated at the spending review to our new 10-year social and affordable homes programme, which, as the Deputy Prime Minister has made clear, we think will deliver about 300,000 affordable homes over its lifetime, with about 180,000 for social rent.
He will also know that our Renters’ Rights Bill includes provisions that will empower tenants to challenge unreasonable rent increases.
Two major reports—one from Shelter, which is coming, and one last week from Heriot-Watt University—have exposed something that I have observed myself in housing casework for many years, as a councillor and as an MP: people from some minority groups, even beyond the structural racism in society, experience worse outcomes and even direct discrimination from councils in regard to their access to housing.
Will the Secretary of State commit to writing a formal response to me on the recommendations in those reports?
A “yes” will do.
If the hon.
Lady writes to me about the issue, I will certainly respond to her.
Residents in Heather Gardens and Kett’s Meadow in Hethersett have seen a 60% hike in fees from the residential management group, supposedly for playgrounds that are fenced off and just dust.
What action will the Government be taking to stop these rip-off practices and support my residents in South Norfolk?
My hon.
Friend raises a matter that I know is of concern to hon.
Members across the House.
It is precisely to protect residential freeholders in Hethersett and other freehold estates across the country from unfair charges that we will consult in the near future on how we implement the consumer protection provisions in the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Act 2024 relating to the payment of estate management charges.
On that note, many of my constituents living on new freehold developments such as Mortimer Park in Driffield would like to see residents being given the power to strip those unaccountable estate management firms of their responsibility for shared space and let the local authority adopt that land.
Is it the Government’s intention to legislate to make that possible?
The hon.
Gentleman draws the House’s attention to an important point about freehold estates, and I direct his attention to the report by the Competition and Markets Authority on the matter if he wants to read further.
There is a problem here: too many amenities and infrastructures are not being delivered to common adoptable standards, and therefore many local authorities rightly say that they do not expect to pick up the tab for bringing those amenities up to the relevant standard and then maintaining them.
We have got to tackle both issues as we look to end the prevalence of these freehold estate arrangements going forward.
In Suffolk Coastal, the housing crisis is no less severe than in other rural areas across the country, and my constituents are keen that future development builds in for nature.
Will the Minister comment on what plans the Government have to ensure that we build in for nature, and specifically on the prospect of, and appetite for support for, swift bricks?
Although swift brick coverage is increasing, we want to drive up swift brick installation.
As I made clear on Report of the Planning and Infrastructure Bill, we are considering using a new sweep of national policies for decision making, to require swift bricks to be incorporated into new buildings unless there are compelling reasons that preclude their use or would make them ineffective.