I was pleased that the English Devolution and Community Empowerment Bill had its First Reading last Thursday.
That landmark Bill will bring a radical reset to local government, deliver on our manifesto commitment to decentralise power, ignite regional growth with streamlined powers for mayors, and speed up new homes and infrastructure.
It will empower communities to take back control of their beloved pubs and shops, helping local leaders to deliver a decade of national renewal, as promised in the plan for change.
I and my Liberal Democrat colleagues welcome the provisions in the English Devolution and Community Empowerment Bill, which recognise that first past the post is an unrepresentative electoral system.
That is a welcome first step—although we would prefer alternative voting for mayoral elections—but if the Government admit that first past the post is not suitable for mayoral elections, why do they maintain that it is suitable for general elections?
Let me cover that point.
Mayors serve many millions of people and manage multimillion-pound budgets, yet can be elected by just a fraction of the vote under the previous Government’s changes—despite the fact that the supplementary vote system had worked effectively for over a decade.
Given that the large populations that mayors and police and crime commissioners represent far exceed those represented by parliamentarians, we think that this is the right approach.
Despite decades of hard work, not least by the Birnbeck Regeneration Trust, the restoration of Weston-super-Mare’s nationally important Birnbeck pier is now at risk after the Royal National Lifeboat Institution pulled out, leaving a £5 million shortfall.
Will the Minister outline how the Government might support the project, and will he meet me urgently to discuss next steps to restore that vital part of my town’s soul?
I recognise the efforts of the Birnbeck Regeneration Trust.
My hon.
Friend is a doughty campaigner for his community.
We announced support for 350 communities at the spending review, and further details will follow, but I would be delighted to meet him to speak about Birnbeck in particular.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The chair of the working group on anti-Muslin hatred/Islamophobia, Dominic Grieve, who was appointed by the Secretary of State, has previously stated a preference for a definition of Islamophobia that would shut down talk of religion in cases like the grooming gangs scandal.
All other members of that committee—again, appointed by the Secretary of State—are adherents of the Muslim faith.
Does the Secretary of State not share our concerns that their report and recommendations will be seen as predetermined and biased?
No, I do not.
There is no blasphemy law in this country because the previous Labour Government got rid of it, whereas the Conservative party had kept it on the statute book for years.
We will always protect free speech, including the right to criticise religions.
That kind of incendiary language is beneath the shadow Secretary of State.
Incendiary language?
I was merely stating the facts; that is the reality.
The right hon.
Lady is right in one regard: freedom of speech is on the line.
The current position is that the report will be for Government eyes only, and that the decision on a definition will be taken in private.
Will she at least commit to making the full report publicly available so that it can be scrutinised in the House and elsewhere before a decision is taken?
As set out in the terms of reference, the independent working group will submit its findings to Ministers.
We will then consider its recommendations and set out the next steps.
I urge Members to let the independent group get on with its work.
If the shadow Secretary of State has views, he should feed them in as part of the call for evidence.
Residents in parts of East Cleveland are rightly sick of unscrupulous landlords dumping individuals with serious criminal histories in our villages.