Let me also take this opportunity to pay tribute to current and former Members across the House for their tireless advocacy on climate and nature.
The safety of our citizens, our natural world and the country that we pass on is not a Labour cause, a Conservative cause, or the cause of any other party; it is a British cause, a cause of us all, and a cause that requires all of us to consider our responsibilities to the generations of today and the generations to come.
I commend this statement to the House.
It is a rare pleasure to see the Secretary of State at the Dispatch Box today, given that he turned down the opportunity to defend his plan for clean power by 2030 or the report from the National Energy System Operator that was published earlier in the year.
Perhaps that is why we are being given a slightly longer statement than usual, making up for missed opportunities.
However, we welcome the Met Office’s report, which makes for interesting reading.
I think we can all attest to the fact that Britain today is warmer than it was before.
We all agree that the challenge of the changing climate is vast, and it is one of many challenges facing the United Kingdom today, but I must tell the House and the right hon.
Gentleman that ridiculous statements such as that made this morning by the Environment Secretary, labelling opponents of net zero “unpatriotic”, is as offensive as it is risible, and does nothing to advance the cause.
I must also express my growing sense of unease, and that of many others, about the language emanating from those surrounding this Secretary of State, accusing anyone who dares to question the policies or plans being worked on by his Department of being “deniers” or being supportive of an “end to our British way of life”.
We need to bring back a sense of rationality, or proportion, to this debate, because out there, language such as this is alienating more and more people from the important cause of ensuring that the planet we pass on to our children and their children is in a better state than the one we have inherited.
The Secretary of State calls this “radical truth telling”, but I am afraid that he is not being honest with the British people about the impact of the Government’s plans on the climate, bills and jobs, or about the sacrifices it demands.
The Leader of the Opposition has been very clear: chasing “Net Zero by 2050” is unachievable without making the country worse off.
That is the truth.
Global warming is a global issue, which we cannot face alone.
The global climate challenge will not be solved by the UK alone, and it cannot be solved on the backs of British workers or British bill payers.
Order.
We need to be careful about what we say.
I think that the hon.
Gentleman has suggested that the Secretary of State was not honest, and I think we are all honest Members here.
I completely agree, Mr Speaker, and I apologise if I insinuated the opposite in any way.
The UK accounts for less than 1% of global emissions.
That is also the truth.
In fact, now that I come to think of it, it is rather shameful that the Secretary of State should be using this report from the Met Office as cover, while ratcheting up the language and increasing the shrill criticism of all who question the Department and its policies, all to distract from the fact that the plans mean that Britain will be poorer and that no one  looking at how we are decarbonising could ever claim that this is a model to follow.
We are proud to have been a world leader—
Will the hon.
Gentleman give way?
Members do not give way when making or responding to a statement.