Gentleman for his question and for his affirmation of the work done on the Windsor framework.
Obviously, I will be doing everything I can to ensure that it is not a Labour Government who come in to do any of this in the future.
However, he is right to say that as of midnight on Thursday—tomorrow night—I will need to bring in primary legislation, because a duty falls on me to call an election for the Northern Ireland Assembly.
I have a number of weeks—I believe it is 12—in which to do that, and I intend to bring in legislation on these matters next week.
I am grateful for that clarification.
The absence of the Executive and the failure to sort out the urgent question of public sector pay is going to result in the biggest strike in Northern Ireland for many years  tomorrow.
Some workers have not had a pay rise for almost three years—that is not sustainable.
As we await the restoration of the institutions, the party leaders and indeed the head of the civil service in Northern Ireland have all called on the Secretary of State to release the money for pay, which he has said is available.
Will he now do so, so that public sector workers in Northern Ireland can get the pay increase they deserve?
I am acutely aware of the industrial action scheduled for tomorrow and the detrimental impact it will have on public services.
I hear the call from the right hon.
Gentleman and others to step in, but let me put this into a slightly different context.
Public sector pay is devolved to Northern Ireland, and he will know that, as I mentioned earlier, this Parliament set the budget for Northern Ireland this year, with primary legislation.
He will also know that decisions on matters such as this are obviously ones that locally elected Ministers should take, as they involve big and fundamental choices; every penny spent on pay is a penny not spent on services.
Choices on this are therefore eminently political—indeed, they are as close as we would get to the choices made in the period of direct rule.
Direct rule is absolutely not the way forward; these decisions are for the Executive, and a restored Executive have a generous financial package available to them to do exactly as the right hon.
Gentleman wishes.
The Secretary of State will know that Northern Ireland can benefit from power sharing arrangements only when those institutions enjoy the support and confidence of both the nationalist and Unionist communities.
I think I have previously heard him accept that the Northern Ireland protocol does not enjoy the support of any Unionist in Northern Ireland.
Despite references to talks having concluded in December, the Secretary of State helpfully indicated on Monday this week that further progress had been made.
Does he accept that the restoration of institutions will be secured only when that confidence within the Unionist community is put where it needs to be?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question and for the many, many hours of work that he personally has put into the talks we have been having.
They are detailed talks and it is a complex situation.
I have said before, because it is absolutely obvious, that the Unionists in Northern Ireland are deeply unhappy with the existing Northern Ireland protocol.
I believe we have made excellent progress.
I hope that in the coming days and weeks, we can get to a point where his party can come to a conclusion on those talks that leads us to reform the Executive, because I know that he is a democrat and wants it reformed.
I appreciate the Secretary of State’s remarks.
He will have heard the concerns around the general strike, which will be called tomorrow.
He will know that his Government dismissed our calls when we said that there simply was not sufficient money.