I know that the rail Minister my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bexhill and Battle (Huw Merriman)  will ensure that these plans continue to progress and keep my hon.
Friend  the Member for Buckingham (Greg Smith)  updated.
What exactly is it about the prospect of deportation to Rwanda that make the Government think it will be such a deterrent to asylum seekers?
Do they think that life in Rwanda is somehow less comfortable, secure and safe than here in the United Kingdom?
What do the Government think is wrong with Rwanda that means asylum seekers will not want to live there?
It is not that there is anything wrong with it; it is just that it is not the United Kingdom.
And I have to point out to the hon.
Gentleman that deterrence works: we know that it works because our scheme with Albania has ensured a 90% reduction in arrivals from that country.
I know that my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister is committed to energy security and the development of renewables, as am I, and that is why Sizewell C started a development consent order this week.
However, there are plenty of other developments happening on greenfield sites, where National Grid plans to use compulsory purchase orders to plough up farming fields used for food and tree production when brownfield sites are available that are connected to the network.
National Grid is refusing to publish its study on Bradwell and why they deem it not   suitable for the connection of offshore wind farms and interconnectors.
Will he meet me and other East Anglian MPs to discuss this matter and use the powers of his office to get that study published?
As my right hon.
Friend will know, planning applications for new infrastructure are managed independently, so I cannot comment on specific cases, but I agree with her that it is important to listen to the views of local communities, such as those she represents across Suffolk and East Anglia.
I know that the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie)  was visiting her area recently to mark the commencement of the project at Sizewell C, and I can assure her that relevant Ministers will continue to pay close attention to her concerns.
The Leader of the House last week correctly described the contaminated blood scandal as “on another level” compared with other scandals.
Sir Brian Langstaff has announced today the publication of the final report of the infected blood inquiry, and he reminds us:
“My principal recommendation remains that a compensation scheme should be set up with urgency.
No-one should be in any doubt about the serious nature of the failings over more than six decades that have led to catastrophic loss of life and compounded suffering.”
More than 100 parliamentarians wrote to the Prime Minister this week, so can he tell us when those affected will be paid compensation for their loss?
I am acutely aware of the strength of feeling on this issue and the suffering of all those impacted by this dreadful scandal.
I gave evidence to the inquiry last year, and as I said then, I recognise the suffering that thousands have experienced over decades.
The hon.
Gentleman will know that the Minister for the Cabinet Office, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Salisbury (John Glen)  updated Parliament on this matter towards the end of last year.
The hon.
Gentleman will know that it is a highly complex issue.
Interim payments have been made in some cases, and we are absolutely committed to responding to the final report as quickly as possible following its publication.
Last week, Conservative-controlled Bromley Council’s children’s services were rated outstanding by Ofsted in all four areas of inspection.
That is only the third time that has happened under the current framework.