The hon.
Lady will be familiar with the plans at West Hertfordshire trust to develop a new emergency and specialty care facility at Watford General, including women’s and children’s services.
It will make an enormous difference to residents in the area.
A recent BBC news article raised fears that Blyth could become a ghost town, as we see our shopping centre close, to be replaced by a new higher education facility.
Residents are right to be concerned.
I have personally seen decades of Labour  neglect and decline in our town.
This Conservative Government have invested hundreds of millions of pounds to level up my constituency, with spades in the ground as I speak.
Will my right hon.
Friend assure me that the rebirth of our towns will continue as a key focus of this Conservative Government?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right and I commend him for being such a strong advocate for Blyth.
Nearly half the recent towns fund has been distributed to northern regions in England to level up constituencies like his.
That is the difference.
As he said, after years, if not decades, of neglect under the Labour party, it is this Government who are levelling up across our country.
In June 2022, to some fanfare, the Government announced the approval of £41 million for a package of works for the restoration of the Tyne Bridge, which is the route of the A167, the old A1, and connects Gateshead with Newcastle city centre.
It is instantly recognisable around the world as an emblem of Tyneside.
However, the funding is still awaiting sign-off within the Department for Transport and work cannot progress.
Given the scale and complexity of the work required, and the significant additional cost implications if funding does not come forward, can we please have the money to get on with the work so that the bridge will be ready for its centenary celebrations in 2028?
I will ensure that the relevant Minister gets back to the hon.
Gentleman with an update on the project.
I am pleased that we are not just investing in that project in his area.
Following on from the previous question, I know his area has received levelling-up funding worth £20 million to help transform the visitor economy in Gateshead—yet another example of the Government investing to level up across the north and across the country.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Further to the question asked by  the hon.
Member for Glasgow South West (Chris Stephens)  and the announcement this morning by Sir Brian Langstaff that the infected blood inquiry report is now scheduled for publication in May, the hon.
Member raised what Sir Brian said very clearly this morning.
Sir Brian made the following recommendation in April 2023:
“My principal recommendation remains that a compensation scheme should be set up with urgency.”
The Prime Minister did not respond to what Sir Brian said this morning.
I wondered, Mr Speaker, whether you had had any indication that there would be a statement from the Cabinet Office to set out what it will do about complying with the recommendations made by Sir Brian?
This is a very important issue and the right hon.
Lady has campaigned all the way through to ensure that people recognise the suffering that has taken place and the tragedies in families.
I am not responsible for the Prime Minister’s answer and I have been given no notice that a statement is forthcoming.
What I know, however, is that I can rest assured that the right hon.
Lady will not stop at the question she has just asked, but will pursue it through other avenues to ensure that it is answered.
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No.