I appreciate the Secretary of State’s remarks.
He will have heard the concerns around the general strike, which will be called tomorrow.
He will know that his Government dismissed our calls when we said that there simply was not sufficient money.
He knows we had to battle for sufficient money and that in the run-up to Christmas he personally secured the availability of that money.
The release of the funds is called for by the DUP, every political party in Northern Ireland, the head of the Northern Ireland civil service and, this morning, 50 chief executives of public sector  agencies across Northern Ireland.
I do not believe there is a lack of will on the Secretary of State’s part, but this is a choice—a political choice that the Government can make.
Will the Secretary of State use today to encourage his Government colleagues, the Treasury and anyone else who believes that using public sector workers as blackmail or political pawns is beneficial in any way?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question and the way that he put it.
As I mentioned earlier, public sector pay is devolved and is properly a matter for locally elected politicians who are best placed to take decisions in that space.
What progress he has made on allocating funding to help tackle the impact of flooding in Northern Ireland.
In the absence of the Executive, this Government have made up to £15 million of support available for businesses and non-domestic properties through the reallocation of existing funding.
It is for the Northern Ireland civil service and local councils to consider how to utilise the remaining funds to provide further support to businesses and non-domestic properties.
Building resilience for the future is vital if this Government are to address the challenges around climate change.
York’s resilience measures cost over £100 million to protect my city this winter, but the estimated cost to businesses in Newry alone is £37 million as a result of the winter weather.
When will the Minister bring forward a proper amount of money—not just £15 million, which may be a deposit—to ensure that Northern Ireland can build its resilience for the future?
I will answer in a couple of ways.
First, only just over £1 million of that £15 million has been drawn down, which is a sign that the amount is sufficient.
Secondly, the Northern Ireland civil service has recently announced that up to £10 million has been made available to assist small and medium sized businesses, with up to £100,000 available per business.
The experience of her constituents—I have the figures in front of me—shows that this Government are committed to our infrastructure being ready for the future.
That is partly why we are so keen to see the Executive back, with a large package to help support the stabilisation and transformation of public services, so we can get the kind of investment she refers to.
What recent discussions he has had with the Administration in Northern Ireland on the effect of increases in the cost of living on people in Northern Ireland.
What recent discussions he has had with the Administration in Northern Ireland on the effect of increases in the cost of living on people in Northern Ireland.
What recent discussions he has had with the Administration in Northern Ireland on the effect of increases in the cost of living on people in Northern Ireland.
The Government have taken decisive action to help tackle increases in the cost of living, including support for the most vulnerable households in Northern Ireland.
We are targeting support this winter through a range of measures, including cost of living payments of £900.
It remains vital that there is a functioning Executive in place that can deliver for the people of Northern Ireland, who deserve that stable Government taking the relevant decisions.
I want to return to the subject of public sector pay.