Can my right hon.
Friend assure the House that people in Northern Ireland, as an integral part of our United Kingdom, have had full access to those cost of living support measures?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The extent of Government support for Northern Ireland households was unprecedented.
It included the energy price guarantee on electricity and gas bills; £600 in payments comprising £400 for energy bill support scheme payments, plus £200 to recognise the widespread use of home heating oil; and targeted support for the most vulnerable households, some of which I have already touched on.
She is right that we are determined to ensure that Northern Ireland feels the benefits of being in the Union of this United Kingdom.
I call the shadow Minister.
I recently met the Melted Parents campaign group in Belfast.
It speaks for so many parents across Northern Ireland, where the cost of living crisis is far harder for families because there is no funding for a free childcare scheme, or the 15 or 30 hours of pre-school, just eye-watering and unaffordable Bills.
But there is a cross-party childcare strategy proposal.
Will the Minister say for all the employers and parents watching, if there is a new temporary Budget for Northern Ireland, whether it will include childcare funding provision?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for raising this issue.
It is of the highest importance in Northern Ireland, and it is impressed upon me frequently.
The Budget will be debated in this House, of course, and I am confident that we will return to it.
As we have said before, this is one of those issues that underscores the importance of the Executive returning, and I am grateful that we agree on that point.
She is absolutely right to raise the issue.
I call Martin Docherty-Hughes. [
Interruption.]
What recent discussions he has had with the Administration in Northern Ireland on ensuring timely payments from the troubles permanent disablement payment scheme to eligible individuals.
Like the hon.
Member, I too am quite surprised that he is that popular. [
Interruption.]
I am sorry; I misread the room again.
The troubles permanent disablement payment scheme is a devolved matter delivered by the Victims’ Payments Board.
I met Judge McAlinden, the president of the board, last week to discuss those matters.
According to recent evidence presented to the Northern Ireland Affairs Committee—this is actually very serious; it is not a joke, so maybe Members would like to listen—it could take more than 10 years to process the applications for the troubles victims’ compensation scheme, meaning that victims in Northern Ireland who have waited decades for compensation to be delivered will need to wait even longer.
Can the Secretary of State advise not only the House but those awaiting payment what his Government are doing to deliver that compensation scheme?
As I said, having met Judge McAlinden, I am conducting a review of the operation of the scheme, which will report before August this year.
The review is under way, and I very much hope that it will address all those matters so that those who qualify for the payments get them in a much more expedited way.
I call SNP spokesperson.
Given the length of time it takes in many cases to gather the supporting evidence to make a claim under the scheme, the pressures on the payments board itself, and the strong likelihood that many of those who are potentially eligible are yet to apply, it is clear that there is a risk that many who could be eligible for a payment might miss out as things stand.
One way the Secretary of State could mitigate that is by extending the period allowed for claims to be made and processed.
As part of the review, will he consider extending that deadline?
Yes, that is actually part of the review and one of the questions we are looking at.