Amendment 42, page 1, line 11, leave out paragraph (b).
Amendment 31, page 2, line 4, leave out subsection (4).
The effect of this amendment is to remove the reference to the sovereignty of parliament and the assertion that an Act is unaffected by international law.
Amendment 43, page 2, line 6, leave out “the validity of an Act is unaffected by” and insert
“Parliament of the United Kingdom will normally legislate with the intention of abiding by, complying with, and implementing, international law”.
Amendment 44, page 2, line 7, leave out subsection (5).
This amendment leaves out the definition for the purposes of this Bill of a “safe country”.
Amendment 54, page 2, line 9, leave out from first “Kingdom” to “and” in line 11.
This amendment would remove from the Bill text which suggests that Parliament can determine whether the UK is in compliance with international law.
Amendment 55, page 2, line 14, leave out from “country” to end of line 19.
This amendment would remove from the Bill text which suggests that Parliament can determine whether the UK is in compliance with international law.
Clause 1 stand part.
I know that the Minister for Countering Illegal Migration, my hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for Mid Dorset and North Poole (Michael Tomlinson) , said that he did not watch box sets, but here we are once again for the next episode of this drama.
It is also the most important one of all, because this is likely to be the final opportunity for this House to consider the Bill.
Does it work?
Will we be able to stop the boats?
Can we secure our borders?
As Members in all parts of the House know, I feel passionately that illegal migration is doing untold damage to our country, and we have to make sure that the Bill actually does the job.
I want to speak to two amendments, but one in particular, and that is the one with respect to rule 39.
Let me say at the outset of this debate that I do not believe that our membership of the European convention on human rights is sustainable.
I think that that will become clearer and clearer to the British public in the months and years ahead, but that is not the purpose of my amendment today and it is not the subject of this debate.
That is a discussion for another day.
What we are discussing here is whether we believe it is appropriate for a foreign judge in an international court to impose a late-night judgment, often without the United Kingdom being able to give its own arguments or to hear the reasons for that judgment; whether we think that that really accords with the rule of law, particularly in relation to this policy; and whether we are willing to see the same thing happen again that happened in the summer of 2022, when a judge did just that, grounding the flight and preventing the policy, leading to months, indeed years, of legal action and tens of thousands of illegal migrants breaking into our country, costing our taxpayers billions of pounds, imperilling lives in the channel and perpetuating this challenge for years to come.
I am happy to support my right hon.
Friend tonight on this amendment, as I did last night.
I am on the Council of Europe, so I take quite a lot of interest in this.
There is an established legal principle that, in fact, the judge was acting ultra vires in 2022 and that it was not in his powers to do that.
There is also an established legal opinion that our Government could actually have ignored it.
How does this relate to my right hon.
Friend’s amendment?
I will come on to the exact points that my right hon.
Friend is making; they are fair and important ones.