As I said, we have actually identified and removed over 20,000 people from this country back to where they belong.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman asks these questions about the Rwanda scheme, but it is important that we get it up and running, because it is important, as the National Crime Agency says, that we have a working deterrent in order to resolve this issue.
That is how Australia solved the problem, and that is how Albania has worked for us.
He asks these questions about the detail of those things, but we all know that he does not actually care about solving the problem.
We know that because the BBC quizzed him, asking:
“If…the numbers crossing the Channel on small boats decline— i.e. so it’s working—would you still reverse it?”
The Labour leader said, “Yes.”
It is crystal clear that he does not have a plan and it will be back to square one.
Spending £400 million on not getting anybody to Rwanda while losing 4,000 people is not a plan; it is a farce.
Only this Government could waste hundreds of millions of pounds on a removals policy that does not remove anyone.
Only this Government could claim that they will get flights off the ground only to discover that they cannot find a plane.
Only this Government could sign a removals deal with Rwanda only to end up taking people from Rwanda to here.
The Prime Minister still has not answered the question, so I will try again.
What progress has he made in locating the 4,250 people his Government have apparently lost?
He has dodged it three times.
Where are they?
It is the same thing again and again.
Here we are, talking about what we are doing, and I am happy to go over it.
What are we doing?
We have increased the number of illegal immigration enforcement raids by 70%, leading to thousands of arrests, using powers that the right hon.
and learned Gentleman sought to block in this House.
We have closed down thousands of bank accounts of illegal workers—again, using powers that he sought to block—[Interruption.]
Order.
Mr Ashworth, do you want that early cup of tea or will you be silent?
As I said, we have worked through a record number of cases and returned a record number of people back to where they came from.
All that is a plan that is working, and we can see that it is working because the number of people coming to this country is down by over a third.
Again, it is a bit rich to hear the right hon.
and learned Gentleman pretending here that he cares about how we actually stop the boats when he has been crystal clear in saying that even if the plan to reduce the numbers is working, he would still scrap it.
That is because he has no values, no conviction and no plan.
It is back to square one.
More!
Order.
No.
The Prime Minister does not have a clue where they are, has he?
I can tell you one place they are not, and that is Rwanda—the only people he has sent to Rwanda are Cabinet Ministers.
For all the words, the ridiculous thing is that we know the Prime Minister himself does not even believe in this Rwanda gimmick.
He had to be talked out of scrapping the whole thing.
He did not want to fund it; he did not think it would work.
When he sees his party tearing itself apart—hundreds of bald men scrapping over a single broken comb—does he not wish that he had had the courage to stick to his guns?
I have absolute conviction that the plan we have put in place will work, because I believe it is important that we grip this problem.
The right hon.