The current industrial action is due to hard-pressed public servants feeling that they are at the end of their tether.
Would it not be better if the Assembly were functioning normally, so that this could be resolved as soon as possible?
Yes, the hon.
Lady is exactly right.
There is a fair and generous £3.3 billion package on the table for a restored Executive to use for this purpose and many others.
As everyone involved in Northern Ireland politics understands, there is a need to transform public services in Northern Ireland, and this package would help to do that too.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
I commend my right hon.
Friend for his efforts to try to restore the Assembly and the Executive with a big offer.
Is it not right that, were direct rule to be contemplated, we would now need primary legislation following the St Andrews agreement?
The political reality is that it would mean huge political pressure on all of us here, not only from within our United Kingdom but from outside.
Does he agree that the best way to preserve our  great United Kingdom is for everyone to get back around the table and to govern Northern Ireland from Stormont?
I thank my right hon.
and learned Friend for his question and welcome his election as Chair of the Northern Ireland Affairs Committee, probably more than some other Members will—I look to a certain Member on the Benches opposite.
He is absolutely right in what he says; there is no way this Government want to go down the route of direct rule, which would need primary legislation.
We do not want to go down the route of joint authority either and we will not do so.
We need to find an appropriate form to allow the Executive to reform, which is what we are working unbelievably hard on with our colleagues in Northern Ireland.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that it is deeply regrettable that the Taoiseach, Leo Varadkar, is pandering to his domestic audience, rather than thinking of the greater good of Northern Ireland and the victims of the troubles?
My right hon.
Friend makes a very fair point, because in the midst of everything we are trying to do to get the Executive back up and running, the Republic of Ireland’s decision to take an inter-state case out against the UK Government on our Northern Ireland Troubles (Legacy and Reconciliation) Act 2023, which is designed to bring justice and information recovery to victims of the troubles, is unhelpful and unfortunate.
We have made our representations very plain on that matter.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Now that the talks have concluded, with the House having voted overwhelmingly to support the Windsor framework back in March, Labour Members stand by our commitment to implement it if we were to be in government, and we support the efforts the Government are making to restore the institutions.
Furthermore, it is worth pointing out that there would be no prospect of negotiating with the European Union further arrangements of benefit to Northern Ireland if the UK were to renege, again, on an international agreement it has signed.
Will the Secretary of State confirm that if the Executive are not restored by tomorrow evening, he will need to bring forward legislation to postpone the elections?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his question and for his affirmation of the work done on the Windsor framework.
Obviously, I will be doing everything I can to ensure that it is not a Labour Government who come in to do any of this in the future.
However, he is right to say that as of midnight on Thursday—tomorrow night—I will need to bring in primary legislation, because a duty falls on me to call an election for the Northern Ireland Assembly.