The Secretary of State was asked—
What recent discussions he has had with party leaders on the restoration of power sharing in Northern Ireland.
What recent progress he has made on the restoration of political institutions in Northern Ireland.
What steps his Department plans to take to help restore power sharing in Northern Ireland.
What recent discussions he has had with party leaders on the restoration of power sharing in Northern Ireland.
It will not have escaped your notice, Mr Speaker, that four years ago, on  11 January , the Northern Ireland Assembly reformed.
The First Minister effectively collapsed the institutions and power sharing by resigning on  3 February 2022 .
Behind these questions is a desire for the return of power sharing and the Northern Ireland Executive—a desire that I very much share, hence my most recent discussions with the leaders of most of the political parties that took place in Hillsborough on Monday, when we discussed the very many matters relating to this goal.
Negotiations with the Democratic Unionist party have been ongoing for quite some time, and they have not yet resulted in the restoration of the Executive.
What does the Secretary of State think the DUP is looking for?
I cannot answer for the DUP, and would never seek to do so, but behind all this is the concern that it had about the Northern Ireland protocol as we left the European Union and how, as a consequence, goods were gradually being removed from Northern Ireland’s supermarket shelves—a visible sign that Northern Ireland was being pulled away from the United Kingdom’s sphere of influence and into the European sphere.
I believe the Windsor framework set that straight.
I very much welcome the Secretary of State’s commitment to a £3.3 billion financial package.
However, we are seemingly at an impasse.
He will be aware that there is a groundswell of opinion that believes elements of the package should be released to address the ongoing crisis in our public services and, in particular, public sector pay pressures.
Will he consider releasing some of that money to address public sector pay?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question and, indeed, for the way in which he and his party have conducted themselves in the talks to try to restore the Executive.
The UK Government put an extremely fair and generous package for a restored Executive, worth £3.3 billion, on the table before Christmas.
The money that Northern Ireland civil servants and I have available is from the budget passed in this place in the last year.
I was recently in County Kildare with the Minister of State and the British-Irish Parliamentary Assembly, working to build understanding between the two countries.
We heard from Irish Ministers and the ambassador about the impact of the lack of a functioning Northern Ireland Assembly.
Bearing that in mind, and the struggles that we know people are having in Northern Ireland with their bills, potential strike action and all kinds of issues, can the Secretary of State say a bit more about what he is doing, and about the meetings and conversations he is having, to work at pace to try to get a solution?
I thank the hon.
Lady both for her interest and for the sentiment behind her question.
A huge amount is happening, including meetings galore with all the political parties in Northern Ireland, and especially the Democratic Unionist party, because it is the DUP that I need to get on board so that the Executive can be restored.
The hon.
Lady says “at pace”, and we will happily work at whatever pace we can, but it is slightly determined by our interlocutors.
The current industrial action is due to hard-pressed public servants feeling that they are at the end of their tether.
Would it not be better if the Assembly were functioning normally, so that this could be resolved as soon as possible?
Yes, the hon.