The Treasury and the current Chancellor have been engaging with campaign groups and others to find ways to resolve it.
It is not an easy situation to fix overnight, but things are being looked at as we speak.
Yesterday, the Scotch Whisky Association published a report on the economic impact of the sector not just in Scotland but across the whole UK.
Some highlights included that in 2022, it generated £7.1 billion in gross value added, £2.1 billion was invested in capital projects between 2018 and 2022, and 41,000 jobs are supported by the sector in Scotland, including one in nine in my Moray constituency.
Does the Prime Minister agree that supporting the Scotch whisky industry in the forthcoming spring Budget and beyond is a correct priority for this Government?
My hon.
Friend is a superb ambassador for Moray and Scotch whisky.
He is right that it is a hugely successful export industry that supports tens of thousands of skilled jobs across Scotland.
I will not tread on the Chancellor’s toes about future Budgets, but I am proud of this Government’s track record of supporting the industry, having removed US tariffs on Scotch whisky, reduced tariffs in deals with countries like Morocco and Argentina and supported the sector’s interests in our free trade agreements with Australia and New Zealand and, most recently, the comprehensive and progressive agreement for trans-Pacific partnership.
The Prime Minister has been very keen to take credit for falling inflation in previous months.
Will he now take responsibility for today’s rise?
Inflation was over 11% when I got this job.
Inflation today is 4%, in common with the US, France and Germany.
All countries have seen a mild tick-up in December, but the crucial thing is that inflation has been more than halved and delivered ahead of schedule.
That is an enormous benefit to families up and down the country—a benefit that would be reversed by the Labour party’s plan to saddle them with £28 billion of tax rises.
I am a keen parkrunner in Walsall, but I am also part of the core team of volunteers that recently brought parkrun to Tamworth.
In the 20th anniversary year of parkrun, will the Prime Minister join me in encouraging other towns that do not yet have a parkrun to get one?
It is great to hear that my hon.
Friend is an avid parkrunner.
I thank him for volunteering so that the people of Tamworth can enjoy one, too.
I completely agree with him—when I had more time, I was a regular at the Northallerton parkrun, and the junior parkrun, which I recommend to those with children.
It is a fantastic and accessible way to get people moving.
I join him in encouraging everyone to get involved in his local area and beyond.
At the last general election, residents in west Hertfordshire were promised a new hospital, but we are still waiting for the green light and are having to put up with broken lifts and overly crowded treatment wards.
In other parts of the country, entire hospital buildings have had to be closed down, like the one in Stepping Hill in Stockport, because they are structurally unsafe.
From broken promises on new hospitals to the backlog of repairs, people are sick and tired of waiting.
Will the Prime Minister tell me, by the time of the next general election, how many broken hospitals will be fixed, and will my residents be able to point to a single spade in the ground?
We are investing record sums to deliver not just 40 new hospitals across the country but 90 different hospital upgrades.
The hon.
Lady will be familiar with the plans at West Hertfordshire trust to develop a new emergency and specialty care facility at Watford General, including women’s and children’s services.
It will make an enormous difference to residents in the area.