It is straight out of the cruel and callous right-wing extremist playbook.
His time in office is fast approaching its conclusion.
Does he seriously want this to be his legacy?
As I said, it is important that we stop the boats because illegal migration is simply not fair.
It is not right that some people jump the queue and take away our resources from those who need our help most—and, by the way they are exploited by gangs and many of them lose their lives making these dangerous crossings—so I completely disagree with the hon.
Gentleman.
The fair and compassionate thing to do is to break these criminal gangs, and that is why we are going to stop the boats.
Unexpectedly, five months ago, I had a heart attack.
Thanks to the swift action of the NHS emergency services, it was caught early.
So one stent operation later, I was on a swift path to rehabilitation and recovery, and I am sat here today fighting fit and a bit lighter, too.
So along with encouraging everyone to visit the British Heart Foundation website to understand the early warning signs and get fantastic resources to help them, would the Prime Minister also join me in personally thanking everyone who helped to save my life and helped me recover, including the East of England Ambulance Service, the teams at Watford General Hospital and Harefield Hospital, the cardiac rehabilitation teams and everyone who supported me, especially my family and my team, some of whom are in the Gallery today, who help to ensure that I continue to deliver for the great people of Watford?
I thank my hon.
Friend for sharing his story, and I know the whole House will be delighted to hear that he has made a swift recovery.
We all wish him good health for the future, as he resumes his excellent campaigning on behalf of his constituents in Watford.
I also join him in thanking our fantastic  NHS staff for the life-saving work that they do up and down the country.
We are backing them with record resources—from our doctors to our ambulance service—and we are all in this House truly grateful for what they do.
Mr Speaker,
“Until the UK Government calls for an immediate ceasefire, it is complicit in the horrors…in Gaza.”
Those are not my words but those of the head of Oxfam who, like every single agency trying to operate on the ground, is clear that aid cannot be effectively delivered while fighting continues.
More UK aid is of course welcome but even when it does get through, it can result in what one Palestinian aid worker calls
“bombing us on full stomachs.”
Some 24,000 people have already been killed so what will it take for the Prime Minister to back a permanent bilateral ceasefire?
Of course we want to see a peaceful resolution to this conflict as soon as possible.
A sustainable permanent ceasefire with an end to the destruction, fighting and loss of life, the release of hostages and no resumption of hostilities would of course be the best way forward, but in order to achieve that a number of things need to happen: Hamas would have to agree to release all the hostages; Hamas would have to no longer be in charge of Gaza; the threat of more rocket attacks from Hamas into Israel would have to end; and the Palestinian Authority, boosted with assistance, would need to return to Gaza in order to provide governance and aid.
That is a sustainable ceasefire that we will work very hard to bring about.