Interim payments have been made in some cases, and we are absolutely committed to responding to the final report as quickly as possible following its publication.
Last week, Conservative-controlled Bromley Council’s children’s services were rated outstanding by Ofsted in all four areas of inspection.
That is only the third time that has happened under the current framework.
Will the Prime Minister join me in congratulating the officers and members of Bromley Council and perhaps even visit Bromley and see our new cost-saving civic centre?
It is perhaps not quite on my way to Doncaster, but I will bear it in mind.
I join my hon.
Friend in paying tribute to Bromley Council and all the officers involved in providing an incredibly important service in their local community and looking after some of the most vulnerable children in our society.
They all deserve our thanks and praise for their brilliant efforts.
HS2 promised to transform intercity travel and my seat, where Old Oak Common will one day be.
However, after Leeds and Manchester were ditched, the London end of HS2 is now in doubt.
Can the Prime Minister commit today to ensuring that it at least reaches Euston, or is he intent on stopping all transport forms, except perhaps private jets?
The Leader of the Opposition may have something to say about forms of transportation, and perhaps about HS2 as well—I still have not heard his position on the subject.
Old Oak Common is destined to be one of the foremost stations in the country because of the extra connectivity it will have across London and as the initial terminus for HS2 trains.
As we said at the announcement, we are working with the private sector, as we have in other developments in London, to raise private money, save the taxpayer money and deliver the connection to Euston as planned.
I have just got back from the inaugural women’s health summit.
During the summer, it was announced that specialist maternal mental health services will be available to women in every part of England by March.
That is particularly pertinent for me, after one of my constituents, Jessica Cronshaw, passed away while pregnant with her baby Elsie after suffering severe pregnancy sickness, hyperemesis gravidarum.
I thank the Government for following through with this important reform and pushing to keep going with the spirit of this reform so that our NHS is fit for women in the future.
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this matter.
I know that the whole House will want to convey its sympathies to Jessica’s family.
I am pleased that the reforms we are making will make a difference to women across the country in the future.
We are committed to our women’s health strategy, and I am grateful for her support and, again, her advice and ideas so that we can ensure that it delivers the care that we want it to across the country.
Yesterday, the Conservative candidate for the Wellingborough by-election revealed that the Conservative party had offered her a deal to be the candidate if the previous Member—her partner—stood down without a fuss.
Just last week, the Prime Minister said that
“Candidate selection is done locally”
in his party, so would he like to deny that this secret deal was offered?
As I said last week, in our party candidate selection is done locally.
Does my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister agree that a remote rural hotel is the wrong place to house asylum seekers or refugees from their point of view?
Will he therefore join me in thanking the Home Secretary for announcing yesterday that the Wiltshire Hotel outside Royal Wootton Bassett is to be returned to its proper purpose in April?
I thank my hon.
Friend for the question.
He is absolutely right: the use of hotels is unfair on local communities and costs taxpayers £8 million a day.