It is therefore profoundly shocking, but perhaps not entirely surprising, that the UK has one of the highest rates of asthmatic children across Europe, with one in 11 young people living with asthma.
It has been calculated that cleaner air could prevent up to 43,000 avoidable deaths in the UK each year, and it could save the public purse billions as well.
Estimates of the public cost of air pollution total as much as £20 billion each year, including the cost of the impact on social care and on our crumbling NHS.
It could not be more urgent for the Government to take action to clean up our air and protect lives, both now and in the future, could not be  more urgent, but, although their current approach is vastly insufficient, Ministers remain bullish in defending their efforts.
Indeed, last year the Prime Minister himself told me:
“We are confident that the measures we are putting in place are not only legally binding but world leading in tackling air quality.”
He went on to say that the Environment Act 2021 provided
“the capability, accountability and ambition”
needed
“to make all the effective interventions to drive down air pollution.
”—[Official Report,  1 February 2023 ; Vol.
727, c. 338.]
The reality is, however, that the Environment Act did very little to help deliver clean air, and it is certainly not “world leading”.
The environmental target that did get made under it—to reduce levels of PM2.5 to 10 micrograms per cubic metre—falls short of the new World Health Organisation guideline of 5 micrograms per cubic metre, and could certainly be achieved far earlier than the Government’s target date of 2040.
Indeed, when Professor Frank Kelly of Imperial College London, an adviser to the World Health Organisation on health and pollution, recently gave evidence to the Environmental Audit Committee, he stated very clearly:
“Our studies showed that 99.8% of the UK could achieve a figure of 10 micrograms per metre cubed by 2030 and the 0.2% that could not were certain hotspots in London, which again if you took extra measures on you could probably eliminate those as well.”
Professor Sir Stephen Holgate from the University of Southampton, a special adviser on air quality to the Royal College of Physicians, subsequently wrote to the Committee to confirm that such a change would result in about 20 fewer infant deaths each year—20 fewer lives lost, and 20 families saved from unimaginable heartache.
Given that the Mayor of London has already committed himself to delivering on this more ambitious target, and given such significant benefits, it is incumbent on Ministers to explain why the current legal limit remains so unambitious.
They must also set out, as a matter of urgency, how they will meet the new WHO guidelines, which have halved the limit for PM2.5 to 5 micrograms per cubic metre in response to the marked increase in evidence showing how air pollution affects different aspects of our health.
In the words of the chief medical officer, Professor Chris Whitty,
“We can and should go further—and it is technically possible to do so.”
The Clean Air (Human Rights) Bill, or Ella’s law, would set out an entirely new approach to delivering clean air in England.
It would enshrine the human right to clean air precisely and explicitly in English law, thereby transforming decision making by public authorities by requiring them to consider clean air alongside other rights under the Human Rights Act.
It would be a step towards incorporating the 2022 resolution adopted by the UN General Assembly, which recognises the human right to a clean, healthy and sustainable environment.