Of course we want to see a peaceful resolution to this conflict as soon as possible.
A sustainable permanent ceasefire with an end to the destruction, fighting and loss of life, the release of hostages and no resumption of hostilities would of course be the best way forward, but in order to achieve that a number of things need to happen: Hamas would have to agree to release all the hostages; Hamas would have to no longer be in charge of Gaza; the threat of more rocket attacks from Hamas into Israel would have to end; and the Palestinian Authority, boosted with assistance, would need to return to Gaza in order to provide governance and aid.
That is a sustainable ceasefire that we will work very hard to bring about.
Today I was unsure whether to raise a national issue such as the desperate need for a Minister for men or a local issue such as Doncaster’s need for a new hospital or Edlington’s for a new leisure centre, but I thought the best thing I could do was ask the Prime Minister to come and have a tour of Doncaster, and while I am showing him around my home town I can press the need for a Minister for men, I can show him the site for a new hospital, and I can introduce him to the people of Edlington so that he can discuss their new leisure centre.
Will the Prime Minister accept my invitation?
Thanks to my hon.
Friend’s fantastic campaigning on behalf of his constituents, City of Doncaster Council has received more than £80 million in levelling-up funding to support its regeneration projects and most recently Doncaster has been awarded £20 million in our long-term plan for towns over the next 10 years, which I know he is working very hard to make sure is prioritised for local people.
I will be delighted to discuss both projects and his other ideas when I come and visit him as soon as my diary allows.
Some 71% of requests for funding from the community ownership fund aimed at saving libraries, pubs and village halls have been rejected since 2021.
It pits communities against each other and does nothing to address the underlying causes that have led to the loss of  these much-loved assets.
When will the Government offer more than a simple sticking-plaster for our towns, high streets and communities?
I set up the community ownership fund when I was Chancellor and it is doing fantastic work funding hundreds of projects across the country, including, I believe, one in the hon.
Lady’s constituency—the back on the map scheme.
It is there to support local communities, take over assets—whether pubs, village halls or other community assets—and is doing a fantastic job.
It is right that there is a competitive process because we want to make sure the money is deployed in the areas where it can make the most difference.
Over-crowding on Chiltern Railways has become a daily misery for commuters from stations including Haddenham and Thame Parkway and Princes Risborough in my constituency, the root cause of which is an ageing fleet constantly breaking down and shorter trains having to be run.
There are proposals on the table for both short-term additional capacity and long-term fleet renewal.
Will my right hon.
Friend instruct the Department for Transport to fast-track those proposals so we can end overcrowding on Chiltern?
I agree with my hon.
Friend that the performance on Chiltern has not been good enough in recent times.
I know that Chiltern has recently begun engagement with the rolling-stock leasing market, which will help reduce overcrowding, but also, together with DfT, it is looking at providing additional capacity at peak times.
I know that the rail Minister my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bexhill and Battle (Huw Merriman)  will ensure that these plans continue to progress and keep my hon.
Friend  the Member for Buckingham (Greg Smith)  updated.