We are committed in our manifesto to a review of universal credit and I expect to set out shortly the details of how that review will go forward.
I will be very happy to look at the particular case the hon.
Gentleman raises in the course of the review.
We all know that the best route out of poverty is through well-paid work, but for families in my constituency, where a third of children grow up in poverty, low-paid and insecure jobs are a massive barrier.
What will the Department do to help more families back into work and to alleviate poverty for children growing up in Southampton Itchen?
My hon.
Friend eloquently makes the case for our “Make Work Pay” reforms.
This is not just about helping our economy grow, it is also about protecting people from poverty.
In all we do to change jobcentres, we want to support people into good, sustainable, well-paid work because that is the best way out of poverty.
A constituent came to see me last week who had not eaten for four days.
Her state pension had increased in line with the triple lock but this took her over the threshold for pension credit, which then took away her entitlement to a range of other benefits including the winter fuel allowance.
What are the Government doing to ensure people do not experience such a significant cliff edge?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising that case and I would be happy to meet her to go into a bit more detail.
That is exactly why we make sure the pension credit threshold rises in line with the basic state pension through the triple lock.
During covid, assessments for personal independence payments were moved either online or to over the phone.
Today less than 5% of those assessments have returned to face-to-face, so what assessment have Ministers made of that change and are there any links with the rise in fraud?
My hon.
Friend is right to identify that in the PIP space the Department has introduced a blend of phone, video and face-to-face assessments with the aim of delivering a more efficient and user-centred service.
Since telephone and video assessments have been introduced there has been no evidence to suggest that these delivery channels are less effective than face-to-face assessments in detecting fraudulent claims.
In 2023-24, PIP overpayments accounted for just 0.4% of the DWP’s overall spend on PIP but I assure my hon.
Friend we will keep a close eye on that.
Marie Curie research has found that 15% of the three quarters of a million end-of-life carers are living below the poverty line, rising to 22% a year after bereavement.
Given these statistics, will the Minister consider extending the time that carers can claim carer’s allowance from two months to six months after bereavement?
We keep these matters under review.
I have not looked at that particular proposal before, but if the hon.
Gentleman would like to drop me a line I will certainly give it a careful look.
Final question, Dame Meg Hillier.
I applaud the Front-Bench team for its energy in driving the child poverty taskforce, but every decision has consequences and costs.
Will the Minister outline the costs of some of the processes she is looking at changing, particularly the cost of lifting the two-child cap, and if she does not have the figure to hand will she write to me?
I thank my hon.
Friend the Chair of the Treasury Committee for all her work on this issue.
I will happily engage with her through correspondence on the matter.
(Urgent Question):To ask the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology if he will make a statement on AstraZeneca.