The Pensions Regulator does recognise its important role in supporting growth; indeed, it has statutory duties not just to protect savers but to minimise the impact on the growth of employers.
Superfunds have an important role to play in ensuring that we have larger pension funds that are able to invest in a wider range of assets.
As the hon.
Gentleman says, on an interim basis the Pensions Regulator has authorised one such fund, but we will take measures in the pension schemes Bill to make further progress in this regard.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of means-testing the winter fuel payment on levels of pensioner poverty.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of means-testing the winter fuel payment on levels of pensioner poverty.
This Government have run the biggest ever take-up campaign on pension credit, which is worth around £400 on average to those eligible.[Official Report,  10 February 2025 ; Vol.
762, c. 1WC.] (
Correction) It also opens the door to extra support and means that 1.5 million pensioners will continue to receive the winter  fuel payment.
The modelled impact of the decision to target the winter fuel payment at those who need it most does not account for the measures that this Government are taking to raise pension credit take-up.
There is no doubt that the cut to the winter fuel payment has hit Suffolk hard.
NHS Suffolk reported that 97% of beds were occupied over the Christmas period due to a spike in cold, flu and pneumonia-like symptoms.
Kesgrave community centre has set up warm rooms for impacted pensioners.
The only good news is that the Suffolk Community Foundation has managed to raise £100,000 to support pensioners across our community who are impacted by the cut.
Will the Minister join me in paying tribute to the Suffolk Community Foundation for being there for the most vulnerable people in our society when his Government were not?
This Government and the important charity that the hon.
Gentleman mentions are here for the most vulnerable pensioners.
That is why we are targeting the winter fuel payment at those who need it most, and why we will uprate all the state pension elements by over 4% this April.
He raises the case of the national health service and how important it is to older generations, but it is his party that drove the NHS into the ground over the last 14 years.
Labour-controlled Bridgwater town council is increasing its council tax precept by 40%.
That means that pensioners in my constituency are suffering from not only the loss of their winter fuel allowance, but an enormous tax rise.
What advice does the Minister have for those of my constituents who do not qualify for pension credit, and who now face the loss of the winter fuel allowance from this Government and a huge tax rise from their Labour council?
I encourage all pensioners to consider whether they are eligible for pension credit, but also to look for the wider support that can be provided via the household support fund and the warm homes discount.
I say gently to the hon.
Member that the driving up of council tax bills is a direct result of the destruction of local government finances by the Conservative party over 14 years.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I welcome the Minister to his place.
I have a simple question for him: how many people are still waiting for their winter fuel payment?
The largest campaign to drive up pension credit take-up is now under way, and it will continue in the years ahead.
What we are seeing at present is that anyone who made their claim for pension credit before  21 December  will receive their winter fuel payment when that claim is processed.
So the answer is that the Minister does not know.