This spring, in the Green Paper, we will set out the full details of what we propose, and there will be a very full consultation so that everyone has a chance to have their say.
The answer to my question is £1.8 billion.
That is the cost of Labour’s economic inactivity and its failure to reform welfare since the election.
The sum is the same as the saving from cutting the winter fuel payment plus the income from taxing family farms.
In opposition, Labour opposed imposing conditions on people claiming incapacity benefits.
Does the Minister still rule that out, or will the Green Paper face reality and require people to take action, where they can, to address the health needs that mean they are signed off work?
The Green Paper will face reality square on.
It will set out a very full set of clear policies, it will be frank about what they entail and we will listen to people’s views in response.
The money that the hon.
Gentleman refers to as having been forgone, will probably have been forgone as a result of the judicial review the week before last, which was because of the previous Government’s failures in consultation.
What discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on the adequacy of levels of maternity and paternity pay.
The Government keep the rates of benefits, state pensions and statutory pay under regular review.
My hon.
Friend will be aware that the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions announced to Parliament on  30 October  that, subject to parliamentary approval, parental pay will increase in line with the consumer prices index at the rate of 1.7% from April 2025.
The Government’s upcoming review of parental leave entitlement is really important as the UK currently has among the worst paternity leave in Europe.
Recent research by the Joseph Rowntree Foundation highlighted not just the growth benefit of  greater paternity leave entitlements but the benefit to workforce involvement, so will the Minister meet me and campaigners from the Dad Shift to ensure we are making the most of the opportunity to get people back into work?
We value the vital role that fathers and partners play in caring for children and in supporting their partners.
We recognise that parental leave and pay entitlements, such as paid paternity leave, play a key role in their ability to do that.
My hon.
Friend is right to cite the planned parental leave review.
That is being led by colleagues in the Department for Business and Trade, and I will write to them on his behalf to suggest a meeting.
What steps her Department plans to take with employers to help increase economic growth.
What steps her Department plans to take with employers to help increase economic growth.
What steps her Department plans to take with employers to help increase economic growth.
To get Britain growing again, we have to get Britain working again, and supporting employers is critical to achieving that goal.
That is why last week I announced an overhaul of how the DWP helps businesses, including the introduction of a dedicated employers’ team in the DWP, ensuring that there are single account managers for businesses, so they do not have to have multiple conversations with different jobcentres, and the expansion of the number of training programmes tailored to employers’ individual needs.
We are working in partnership with businesses: that is how we all go for growth.
The last Labour Government reduced child poverty by nearly half, from 3 million to 1.6 million, and legislated to eradicate child poverty by 2020.
Instead, under the Conservatives, the number of children in relative poverty significantly increased between 2010 and 2023.
Does the Secretary of State agree that working with employers to help people, particularly parents, into decent, well-paid jobs, is essential not only to growing our economy, but to reducing poverty, including child poverty?
I absolutely agree with my hon.