What progress her Department has made on developing a child poverty strategy.
It is a terrible consequence of 14 years of Conservative misrule that around 4.3 million of our children are growing up in poverty.
That is why the child poverty taskforce’s work to complete our strategy is urgent.
Taskforce Ministers have met six times and have had extensive engagement with people across the country, including external experts, local leaders and children and their families living in poverty.
According to the End Child Poverty coalition, in 2022-23 the child poverty rate after housing costs in my constituency of Eastleigh was 21%.
Analysis by the Joseph Rowntree Foundation projects that child poverty in England will rise to 31.5% by 2029.
Every day without action pushes more children into hardship, and they cannot wait for the Government’s strategy to be published.
What urgent measures will the Government take now to prevent more children from growing up in poverty?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right: this issue is urgent.
That was why in the Budget the Chancellor announced the fair repayment rate, which stops families having to deal with so much debt through the universal credit system, saving families over £400 a year, but we know we have to go further.
That is why, as I mentioned, Ministers are working hard to bring forward our child poverty strategy.
I know the Government are working hard on developing their child poverty strategy, but what discussions is the Minister having with the Welsh Government to ensure that combined efforts deliver the best for our children, wherever they live?
I regularly meet representatives of the Welsh Government because while we strongly believe in devolution, we know that a partnership between Governments is the best way to protect our children from the terrible consequences of the poverty that the Conservatives left them in.
I am pleased that the Minister is updating us with progress.
Does she believe the poverty strategy will be announced quickly enough for there to be changes made in, for example, the spring or autumn statements, or are we looking into next year?
Please could she give an idea of the timeline?
I hope the hon.
Lady will understand from the tone of what I said that this matter is urgent and that we are working quickly and will bring forward proposals as soon as we can.
Alarmingly, there has been talk of ruthless cuts to welfare.
That would be utterly devastating as any cuts would push more families into poverty.
We will not see a reduction to child poverty by economic growth alone; it will require targeted policy action—something that the  Trussell Trust and the Joseph Rowntree Foundation agree with in their essentials guarantee.
Do Ministers have plans to change the basic rate of universal credit so that it reflects the cost of life’s essentials—food and household bills?
As I have said several times, we are working quickly to bring forward the detail of that plan.
In fact, only last week we had a parliamentary engagement session so that colleagues across the House could be brought up to speed on the detail of that work.
I sat on the Opposition Benches and watched for 14 years as the Conservatives put our children into poverty.
We will waste no time in dealing with this problem.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Children in poverty in Torbay make up 23% of our population but 100% of our future.
Barnardo’s recently highlighted that the most powerful tool in the Government’s toolbox to tackle child poverty is ending the two-child cap.
Only last week, the annual poverty report by the Joseph Rowntree Foundation came to the same conclusion.
When will the Minister come to that same conclusion and end the two-child cap?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question and for coming along to our parliamentary engagement session last week, which I hope he agrees was a productive update for everybody.