My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The manifesto on which he and I fought the election committed us to putting the views and voices of disabled people at the heart of what we do.
In the “Get Britain Working” White Paper, we announced the establishment of a disability employment panel to enable us to work with disabled people, ensure that we provide the necessary support and give them the chances that my hon.
Friend rightly calls for.
In 2019, my close friend and constituent Jim was at his desk, working as a web developer, when out of the blue he felt a sudden pain.
Jim was having a spinal stroke.
He has never since been able to walk.
The pain medication that Jim must take to manage his condition limits his ability to work, but sometimes he has unpredictable bursts of productivity.
However, Jim’s benefit arrangements mean that the work that he could occasionally be able to do might result in sanctions to his benefits.
What steps will the Minister take to ensure that Jim can get back into work?
My hon.
Friend’s important point, which to some extent has already been raised, shows how the health and disability benefits system needs to be reformed.
Disabled people should have the same right to work and the same opportunities and chances as everybody else.
Many disabled people like Jim want the chance to work, but they face barriers, including in the benefits system, that make it very difficult for them to do so.
We are determined to change the system to get over those barriers.
I am sure that the Minister appreciates the important role of learning disability nurses in maximising the potential of people with learning disabilities.
Will he therefore have a word with his Treasury colleagues about the differential effect of the rise in national insurance contributions?
Learning disability nurses who work directly for the NHS are exempt; those who work for agencies contracted by the NHS are not exempt.
That is an anomaly, and I would be grateful if the Minister considered talking to his colleagues about it.
I am sure that the right hon.
Member will raise that concern with the appropriate colleagues of mine.
He is absolutely right to draw attention to the value of the work of learning disability nurses, whoever their employer is.
We are determined that they should have better support to enable people with learning disabilities who want to work to do so.
The experience of my constituent Julie from Heaviley highlights the unfairness of the employment and support allowance application process for those with progressive conditions such as multiple sclerosis.
She was assessed by a physiotherapist who lacked any expertise in neurological disorders; she thereby received inaccurate reports that denied her vital  financial support.
What steps are Ministers taking to ensure fair and timely support for those with progressive conditions that do not necessarily fit neatly into a box, as other disabilities or conditions may?
We want to improve the assessment process, and there will be proposals in the Green Paper on how to do that.
If the hon.
Lady would like to drop me a line about this particular case, I will be happy to have a look and comment further.
For 23 years, my constituent Timothy has attended Eastbourne’s Linden Court day centre for people with learning disabilities.
Timothy’s mum, who is his sole carer, has spoken about how damaging it would be if Conservative-run East Sussex county council decided later this month to close the centre.
Will the Minister join me in urging the county council to ditch this short-sighted cut, which would leave many Eastbournians and their families without the local provision they deserve?
I very much hope that people in Eastbourne will continue to get the support that, by the sound of it, has done a very good job for a very long time.