The largest campaign to drive up pension credit take-up is now under way, and it will continue in the years ahead.
What we are seeing at present is that anyone who made their claim for pension credit before  21 December  will receive their winter fuel payment when that claim is processed.
So the answer is that the Minister does not know.
He does not know how many people are waiting for their winter fuel payment.
He does not know how many people are stuck in the pension credit backlog.
He does not know when they will hear about  their claims.
He does not know who has had help from their local council.
He does not know how many people who lost their winter fuel payment have ended up in hospital this winter.
He and his Department have dodged or refused to answer every single one of those questions in recent weeks.
Will he commit to a full review of the winter fuel payment cut so that we can get those answers?
I will commit to fighting every day to avoid a repeat of the exercise under the last Government whereby pensioner poverty rose by 300,000, having fallen by 1 million under the last Labour Government.
We will make sure that we publish details of the take-up of pension credit by the end of February.
What steps she is taking to support people with disabilities and long-term health conditions into work.
What steps she is taking to support people with disabilities and long-term health conditions into work.
What steps she is taking to support people with disabilities and long-term health conditions into work.
We will champion disabled people and those with long-term health conditions.
Our “Get Britain Working” plan will support many more who were failed by the last Government to enter and stay in work.
We will devolve power to local areas for a joined-up work, health and skills offer.
I draw attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests; prior to my election, I represented disabled members on the national executive of Unison.
There are many barriers that prevent disabled people and those with long-term health conditions from not only entering but staying in the workplace, from a strict and punitive approach to attendance and sickness to a failure even to consider adaptations that make work possible.
It is clear that employers have to be supported to make high-quality work accessible to disabled people.
What work is my right hon.
Friend therefore doing to engage employers in making work a positive and constructive experience for disabled people?
I commend my hon.
Friend for her previous work.
She raises a very important point.
We have launched the “Keep Britain Working” review, which is being led by Sir Charlie Mayfield, the ex-chair of the John Lewis Partnership.
It will look at exactly the point that my hon.
Friend raises: how to make workplaces and the wider labour market more inclusive, because we know, and employers know, that that is good for businesses and good for disabled people.
As we all know, the last Government were far too quick to write off people who wanted to work but who had health conditions or were suffering with disabilities.
Many people in Halesowen tell me that they  want to work, and with the right help and support, they can.
This will also bring huge physical and mental health benefits.
How will the Government reset our relationship with people with disabilities, who for far too long have not been given the support that they need, but have instead been demonised by the Conservative party?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The manifesto on which he and I fought the election committed us to putting the views and voices of disabled people at the heart of what we do.