Instead, under the Conservatives, the number of children in relative poverty significantly increased between 2010 and 2023.
Does the Secretary of State agree that working with employers to help people, particularly parents, into decent, well-paid jobs, is essential not only to growing our economy, but to reducing poverty, including child poverty?
I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend that having more parents, including lone parents and second earners in couples, in better paid jobs is critical to tackling child poverty.
There has been a big shift in the nature of poverty since our success during the last Labour Government, when we lifted over 600,000 children out of poverty, as there are now more children growing up in poverty in a working household, so improving the parental employment rate is critical to driving down those numbers.
Tu Mundo, or Your World, is a growing independent business that recently opened its third coffee shop, in Rhyl.
Tu Mundo has a distinctive style, not just with the toucan motif that graces everything, including its teapots, but with its commitment to economic growth  in the local area.
In partnership with the local employability service, Working Denbighshire, Tu Mundo hosts work-start placements for those entering or re-entering the workplace, with several graduates going on to become permanent employees.
Will the Secretary of State join me in congratulating Tu Mundo and Working Denbighshire on that work?
Does she agree that that is exactly the sort of partnership work that will bring fair economic growth across the UK?
Yes.
I would like to say a massive thanks to Tu Mundo for all the work it is doing.
There is a lot of evidence that work placements or work experience are a really important way to encourage more people into work.
Last week, I visited B&M, the fastest growing retailer in the country, to look at what it is doing with short work experience placements, which are a form of “try before you buy” for the company and the employee.
The placements have a huge success rate and B&M now recruits 85% of its workers through the scheme.
We want to continue such success in the future.
Apprenticeships, training and reskilling in new energy technologies will be essential to deliver growth in the hard-working Humber region.
Can the Secretary of State tell us more about the training programmes that she mentioned, which will support businesses in expanding opportunities in Grimsby and Cleethorpes?
I know that my hon.
Friend is passionate about helping more people into work.
Youth unemployment in her constituency is almost twice the national average, so it is essential for her constituents that we sort this out.
Alongside work experience, we want to expand the number of sector-based work programmes, which have tailored courses for employers.
We will also hold summits in three key growth areas—construction, health and social care, and clean energy—to bring employers together with local areas so that we can really go for growth.
The ambition of the Secretary of State for an 80% employment level is bound to be made more difficult by the findings in the impact assessment of the Employment Rights Bill, which foresees a £5.4 billion increase in costs and a 53% increase in strike action, is it not?
Government Members are ambitious for people right across the country.
We do not accept the situation that we inherited from the Conservative party, as the only country in the G7 whose employment rate had not gone back to pre-pandemic levels.
Creating more good jobs in every part of the country and narrowing the employment gap between different areas is tough, but we believe that it is achievable, and it is no less than the British people deserve.