Without mentioning too many things that are happening, can the Secretary of State tell me whether there is a way, within the law of this land, of chasing those people up, getting them back here and finding out where all that misappropriated money has got to?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to raise this despicable case.
The new powers in the Bill—the existing powers have not been updated for 14 years—will bring us into line with other public bodies and ensure that we can investigate this properly, secure the evidence and get our money back.
What steps she is taking to support vulnerable people into work.
We are fully committed to helping vulnerable people into work.
It is good for them, it provides firms with great workers, it reduces the benefits bill, and it boosts economic growth.
Connect to Work, which will be rolled out this year, will greatly improve support.
One of my constituents is a highly educated, high-earning civil servant who has serious care needs as a result of a bad accident about 30 years ago.
His needs have been assessed as health-related, which means that the NHS pays the £81,000 cost of his care.
If they were reassessed as social care needs, he would be forced to exhaust his savings.
Each year his disability is reassessed, and during that reassessment his ability to work is unfairly treated with suspicion.
The Government say that they want to help disabled people into work, which is a good thing.
My constituent is working already, but fears that a huge disincentive will appear on the horizon if his status changes.
Do Ministers understand his concerns?
Yes, I definitely do understand his concerns.
Our view is that disabled people should have the same chance to work—the same opportunities—that everyone else takes for granted, and we want to work with disabled people to reform the system to ensure that that is what they get.
In the spring, we will publish a Green Paper on reforms to the health conditions and disability benefits system.
My constituency faces high levels of economic vulnerability: 4.4% of my constituents are not in education, employment or training, and, worse, one in 10 are either NEET or  unaccounted for.
What action is the Minister taking to ensure that they are helped into both employment and skills development?
I think my hon.
Friend will greatly welcome the youth guarantee announced in the “Get Britain Working” White Paper.
We want to ensure that every single young person gets the same chance.
We have seen a dreadful increase in the number of NEET young people over the past few years, and we are getting to grips with that and tackling it.
If she will make an assessment of the potential impact of the Pensions Regulator on economic growth.
The Government are looking across the piece at how the important work of our regulators supports economic growth, and the Pensions Regulator, which oversees the third largest pension system in the world, is no exception to that.
The then pensions Minister, Guy Opperman, said that green-lighting defined benefit pension superfunds was his greatest achievement of lockdown.
The unelected Governor of the Bank of England then unhelpfully intervened and said that superfunds would be a risk to financial stability, and as a result the Pensions Regulator has authorised only one pension superfund to come into existence.
Can the Minister be a little more specific and tell us what exactly he is going to get the Pensions Regulator to do differently in order to support the growth mission?
That is an important question.
The Pensions Regulator does recognise its important role in supporting growth; indeed, it has statutory duties not just to protect savers but to minimise the impact on the growth of employers.
Superfunds have an important role to play in ensuring that we have larger pension funds that are able to invest in a wider range of assets.
As the hon.