That has destroyed the business case for expanding the factory and the deal is now off.
Will the Minister explain why the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology failed to stand up to the Chancellor when she cut his funding, destroying the deal and handing high-quality jobs and investment to our competitors?
In the past 12 months, AstraZeneca has committed to investing more than £1 billion in Singapore, nearly £3 billion in the US and more than £450 million in Canada.
It could have invested £450 million in our country, too, so what are the Government doing to bring back the jobs and investment that they have just turned away?
By last July, all that was required was for Labour to confirm that it would proceed with our deal.
AstraZeneca wrote to the Chancellor and the Science Secretary on  9 July , but received no reply.
It wrote to the Secretary of State for Business and Trade in early July too, but he fobbed it off.
The company did not receive its answer until last October.
By then, it was too late to deliver the project and now the deal is dead.
Will the Minister and the Science Secretary write to the Chair of the Science, Innovation and Technology Committee,  the hon.
Member for Newcastle upon Tyne Central and West (Chi Onwurah) , offering to appear before her Committee to explain what went wrong and how such failures can be avoided in the future?
Delivering this deal secured by the Conservatives was a big test of Labour’s economic credibility, and it has failed.
In the same week that it talked about growth, it has botched a deal that was vital to our economy.
Labour promised growth, but delivered failure and let Britain down again.
What utter nonsense.
We endured 14 years of growth that even the shadow Minister’s own Back Benchers used to describe as anaemic and feeble.
Average growth under Tory Governments is 1.2%; average growth under Labour Governments is 2.4%.
We are far more likely to secure growth in the British economy under a Labour Government.
The shadow Minister simply did not listen to what I had to say.
The Conservatives sat on this so-called deal with AstraZeneca for four years.
The process started in 2020, and it is interesting what was announced to the House and what was actually announced in the paperwork.
In the House, the then Chancellor said that AstraZeneca had announced plans to invest to
“fund the building of a vaccine manufacturing hub in Speke in Liverpool.
”—[Official Report,  6 March 2024 ; Vol.
746, c. 845.]
He did not make any mention in the Chamber of the money that was needed from his Department to be able to pay for it.
The paperwork that attended that announcement stated:
“AstraZeneca’s investment decision is contingent upon mutual agreement with the UK Government and third parties, and successful completion of regulatory processes.”
That was absolutely typical of the previous Government: they thought that when they had announced something it had come to pass, but due diligence is needed to ensure the best possible financial advantage for the British taxpayer.
We have seen clearly that AstraZeneca’s original intention last year was to deliver £150 million-worth of R&D, but then it decided to cut that to something like £90 million-worth.
That was its decision, based on its own investment decisions, and we as a Government had to assess whether £90 million from the UK—as supposedly promised by the previous Chancellor—was the right amount of money to put into the pot, or whether it was better to offer slightly less.
Unfortunately, at the end of that process AstraZeneca decided that it would not proceed.
Let me make it absolutely clear to the hon.
Member that this is the best country in the world in which to invest in the private sector.
Some £63 billion of investment was secured at the growth summit last year, and £14 billion—[Interruption.]