it’s not, or whatever.
When Kate Bingham, the heroine of covid and developing vaccines, finished she made excoriating comments about our civil servants and their ability to understand science and biological sciences.
What is the Minister doing to improve that situation, so that distinguished people like Kate Bingham do not say that officials in the civil service treat this huge industry with suspicion and contempt?
If I might just refer to the first comment first, I am the Member for Rhondda and Ogmore, so I fully understand that investment in one part of the country is obviously great for that part of the country, but it does not necessarily mean that every part of the country is rising with everybody else.
Trying to make sure that economic investment spreads across the whole of the United Kingdom, including in the north-west, the north-east and in the south Wales valleys, is a really important part of our historic mission.
On my hon.
Friend’s other point, AstraZeneca complained about the length of time all of this has taken.
As I say, it started in 2020 and it was only in 2024 that the first announcement was made—as I understand it, by a text message from the then Chancellor of the Exchequer to the chief executive of AstraZeneca.
We might need to learn better ways of informing our decisions about science.
Did the Government’s rise in national insurance contributions and the over £400,000 a year extra that AstraZeneca would have needed to pay for the site contribute to its decision to withdraw?
No.
I declare an interest as the chair of the all-party parliamentary group on vulnerable groups to pandemics.
More than 1.2 million clinically vulnerable people are still shielding from covid because their mRNA vaccine does not provide efficient protection for immunosuppressed people.
Will my hon.
Friend set out how the Department is putting the UK at the forefront of international R&D in life sciences to support those very vulnerable people?
Not only have we set aside £520 million precisely to be able to invest in the life sciences industry with an innovation fund, we are very keen to work with specific businesses to understand how they can make more secure, long-term investment.
The single most important thing for most people making an investment in the UK is whether they believe there is political, fiscal and financial stability in the UK.
That is what we are absolutely determined to deliver.
My hon.
Friend makes a very good point about those who are immunosuppressed for all sorts of different reasons, whether their medication or a condition.
I will take that point back to the Department.
The Chancellor said that economic growth is the most important thing and this was an opportunity to get some of that economic growth.
This was an opportunity to get something over the line and the UK Government failed to deliver it.
How can the House and the public trust anything the UK Government say?
How can they say that this is the founding mission if they then fail to deliver for a region that could really do with that economic growth?
The thing is that spending taxpayers’ money has to be proven to be good value for money.
That is why, whenever we are making an investment such as this, we have to make sure it delivers more return on investment than £1 for £1.
When AstraZeneca made the decision to cut the R&D part of its budget from £150 million to £90 million, it made sense for the UK Government to look again at the amount of money we could legitimately put in on behalf of the taxpayer.
If the hon.
Lady had been in my place, I think she would have made exactly the same decision.