Timothy’s mum, who is his sole carer, has spoken about how damaging it would be if Conservative-run East Sussex county council decided later this month to close the centre.
Will the Minister join me in urging the county council to ditch this short-sighted cut, which would leave many Eastbournians and their families without the local provision they deserve?
I very much hope that people in Eastbourne will continue to get the support that, by the sound of it, has done a very good job for a very long time.
I obviously do not know the details of this case, but it is important that we not only maintain but improve support for disabled people.
I call the Chair of the Work and Pensions Committee.
I welcome the “Keep Britain Working” review but, according to last year’s DWP accounts, £4.2 billion of benefits were underpaid to claimants, and the claimants most affected were disabled people.
What will the Government do to ensure that disabled people who may not be able to work get the money to which they are entitled?
It is very important that disabled people get the money to which they are entitled.
There will always be people who are not working, and we need to make sure there is good support for them.
As I said a moment ago, we will set out our proposals on improving the assessment process in the upcoming Green Paper, but we are also very interested in hearing about the Select Committee’s proposals.
People living with disabilities in rural areas such as Glastonbury and Somerton face many barriers to finding work, including lack of opportunities, poor transport and high childcare costs.
How will the Minister support individuals living in rural areas to overcome the barriers to employment and help them to improve their overall quality of life?
We will be doing a lot to support disabled people into work and to remove the barriers that are too often in their way, as the hon.
Lady rightly says.
I have already referred to the disability employment panel we are setting up.
We want to work alongside disabled people to make sure that we get this right and remove the barriers.
The Connect to Work programme, which is being rolled out over this year, will do a lot to help.
However, if there are particular problems in the hon.
Lady’s area that she would like to draw to my attention, I will be very interested to hear about them.
I call the shadow Minister.
The media report that people in No.
10 are tearing their hair out in frustration at the DWP taking so long to come up with welfare reforms.
We have already been waiting seven months, and now we are told it will be March before there is a Green Paper, and presumably there will be no actual legislation until the end of the year at the earliest—they will be totally bald in No.
10 by then!
Given the constant rise in the welfare bill, what is the financial cost so far of Labour’s inactivity?
The inactivity bequeathed to us by the previous Government had a huge cost.
The shadow Minister may not have noticed that, the week before last, a judicial review was lost on the previous Government’s handling of the work capability assessment changes.
The judge found that the consultation was, frankly, dishonest—it did not tell people what the changes entailed—and was too rushed.
People did not have a chance to give their views.
We will do this exercise properly.
This spring, in the Green Paper, we will set out the full details of what we propose, and there will be a very full consultation so that everyone has a chance to have their say.
The answer to my question is £1.8 billion.
That is the cost of Labour’s economic inactivity and its failure to reform welfare since the election.