That is what the Government are focused on.
What assessment she has made of the potential implications for her policies of recent trends in the unemployment rate.
Thanks to the dreadful inheritance left to us by the Tory Government, we need to raise productivity, reduce economic inactivity, increase employment rates and drive up economic growth.
Our “Get Britain Working” plan sets out how we will progress our ambition of an 80% employment rate, which would place the UK among the highest-performing countries in the world.
There was some lovely wording in that answer, but the Government appear to be doing absolutely the opposite.
Following the Budget, it appears that there is not a week that goes by without another employer announcing significant job cuts.
Reed recruitment has already announced that job postings are plummeting.
What will the Government do to support the Minister’s Department in the situation it will find itself in—a rapidly increasing number of people looking for jobs and a rapidly decreasing number of jobs being posted because of the Government’s policies?
I am glad the hon.
Gentleman is bothered by the employment rate and I hope he is bothered by the record of his party, which saw employment fall off a cliff after the pandemic and never recover.
We were an outlier in that; it did not happen anywhere else in the world.
As it is, our jobcentres, which, as we have said, are full of brilliant staff, see just one in six employers ever consider using them to recruit.
We will change that.
We have a new strategy.
The Secretary of State recently announced our plan to ensure that the Department of Work and Pensions serves businesses and that we get the best jobs into jobcentres so that people can take them up, improve their lives and grow our economy.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to tackle benefit fraud by criminal gangs.
I would like to take this opportunity to welcome the Under-Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Swansea West (Torsten Bell) , to his post as Pensions Minister, and to place on record my personal thanks to his predecessor, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wycombe (Emma Reynolds) , for all her hard work.
Our new Public Authorities (Fraud, Error and Recovery) Bill will update the Department’s powers to tackle fraud for the first time in more than 14 years, including enabling our serious and organised crime investigators to apply for a warrant; enter and search premises for evidence; seize items such as computers and phones; and bring criminal gangs to justice.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that tackling fraud against the taxpayer is key to setting the country’s finances on a sustainable footing and allowing the investment in public services that my constituents are so desperate to see?
I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend.
We have a responsibility and a duty to use every possible measure to ensure that taxpayers’ money is wisely spent, on our schools, hospitals and police and on supporting  those who are in genuine need.
Our new Public Authorities (Fraud, Error and Recovery) Bill, along with fraud measures in the Budget, will save £8.6 billion over the next five years.
That is the biggest fraud package ever.
We were elected on a mandate for change, and that is what this Government will deliver.
In the press today there is a reference to a criminal gang who defrauded the DWP by more than £1 million and were able to abscond to a certain eastern European country.
Without mentioning too many things that are happening, can the Secretary of State tell me whether there is a way, within the law of this land, of chasing those people up, getting them back here and finding out where all that misappropriated money has got to?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to raise this despicable case.