Lady forecast unemployment will get under her Government?
The hon.
Lady wants to talk about the facts.
The facts are that we inherited a situation in which we will be spending £20 billion more on working-age, incapacity and disability benefits because of the mess her Government made, and in which there has been a doubling of the number of young people out of work due to health conditions, so people are more likely to be out of work due to poor health in their 20s than in their 40s.
Our radical reforms will give people the right to work and the support they need, and will get the benefits bill on a sustainable footing.
Last month, I brought together local leaders from charities and other organisations to discuss how we can best tackle child poverty in Bracknell Forest.
I welcome today’s update on the progress of the child poverty taskforce.
Does the Minister agree that community leaders are best placed to shape the support needed to tackle child poverty locally?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question, and I am so pleased to hear about that work in Bracknell Forest.
That is why the fourth part of our child poverty strategy  is about local support.
I look forward to working with my hon.
Friend and his constituents to ensure that strategy is a success.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I was pleased to hear that Labour councillors on Hull city council have voted to condemn the Government’s shameful decision not to compensate WASPI women.
Has that given the Minister pause for thought?
I recognise the strength of feeling on this issue right across the House.
We carefully considered the ombudsman’s report, but as the hon.
Member knows, we do not think it is fair to provide compensation costing up to £10 billion when 90% of affected pensioners knew that the state pension age was rising, and the evidence shows that letters being sent earlier would have made little difference.
This week marks Time to Talk Day, the Mind campaign to destigmatise talking about mental health.
In light of this, will the Secretary of State join me in calling for employers up and down the country to take part in Time to Talk Day and outline what more could be done to end mental health stigma in the workplace?
I absolutely will.
As my hon.
Friend knows, the Government have launched the “Keep Britain Working” review led by Charlie Mayfield, the former chair of John Lewis Partnership.
He is doing precisely that—looking at how we can better support employers to help keep people in work and get them back to work.
Mental health is a real concern for me, with so many young people not in education, employment or training, primarily driven by mental health problems.
This is an issue we have got to sort, because it is terrible for them and for their future, and terrible for the economy too.
I call Alison Bennett.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
“We’re saving the government millions.”
Those are the words of Stephanie from Burgess Hill, a full-time carer for her 89-year-old mum.
With carer’s allowance not even covering Stephanie’s petrol costs, what assessment has been made of the adequacy of carer’s allowance in meeting the true costs of care?
The hon.
Member will know that we introduced the biggest ever increase in the earnings threshold for carer’s allowance for those who are able to combine some work with caring.
We are determined that carers should get the support they need—there is a premium in universal credit as well, for example—but of course, we will keep all these matters under review.
As we have heard today, the Government have recently launched their “Keep Britain Working” review.
Developments in treatment for incurable cancers such as the one I have  mean that many of us with incurable cancer might live, and live reasonably well, for many years.