When will the Minister come to that same conclusion and end the two-child cap?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question and for coming along to our parliamentary engagement session last week, which I hope he agrees was a productive update for everybody.
As I just mentioned, I watched from the Opposition Benches as various policies, including the one he mentions, were introduced.
We can see their consequences all around us.
We cannot promise to do anything that we cannot pay for, but we are determined to have a child poverty strategy that works.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
As the Minister for Employment, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Birkenhead (Alison McGovern) , likes to say, the Department for Work and Pensions is the HR department of the Government’s growth mission, yet we inherited a situation in which only one in six employers has ever used a jobcentre to recruit.
That is not good enough, which is why I announced last week five steps to put it right by overhauling what we do for employers.
That includes a new dedicated employers team that has already brought more than 30 companies on board, including Swissport, Home Bargains and KFC.
Soon we will host summits with businesses in key growth sectors such as construction and clean energy, as part of our plan to get Britain working and growing again.
Cornwall and the Isles of Scilly is one of 15 WorkWell pilot regions, which are a core element of the Government’s “back to work” plans to reduce economic inactivity due to ill health.
I invite the Secretary of State to visit Cornwall to see how WorkWell is already making a tangible difference in helping those with health conditions to start, stay and succeed in  work, and to confirm that the spending review will provide the multi-year funding necessary to sustain and expand that vital service.
I would love to visit.
That is an important programme focused on keeping people in work and getting those who have recently left back into work as soon as possible.
In my hon.
Friend’s area, WorkWell provides advice on workplace adjustments, access to physiotherapy, and employment advice and counselling, and is working closely with the voluntary sector and employers, backed by £2 million-worth of funding.
That is critical because, with more than 15,000 economically inactive people in his constituency, we must start turning that situation around.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Last week, the right hon.
Lady described herself as the HR manager for the Government’s growth plan, so can Liz from HR tell me which of her colleagues should be fired for the addition of 47,000 people to the unemployment figures in December?
I am proud to say that I want to get Britain working again after we inherited a situation in which a record 2.8 million people were out of work due to health problems, because the Conservatives pushed the NHS to its knees and failed to have a proper plan to get people back into work.
Our mission is to get Britain working and growing again, and that is what our plan will deliver.
Wishful thinking is all very well, but let us talk about the facts.
Those 47,000 people probably spent Christmas worrying about how they would pay the bills without a job, and they are now looking for work in an employment market decimated by Labour’s jobs tax.
How high does the right hon.
Lady forecast unemployment will get under her Government?
The hon.
Lady wants to talk about the facts.