Let me make it absolutely clear to the hon.
Member that this is the best country in the world in which to invest in the private sector.
Some £63 billion of investment was secured at the growth summit last year, and £14 billion—[Interruption.]
Order.
The shadow Secretary of State for Wales,  the hon.
Member for East Grinstead and Uckfield (Mims Davies) , keeps pushing it a little bit.
I think we should hear no more of that.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
And £14 billion was secured following the announcement of our artificial intelligence opportunities plan.
We have cut the rate of corporation tax to 25%, which is the lowest in the G7.
We are creating a pension mega-fund to be able to invest further.
According to PricewaterhouseCoopers’ last CEO survey, we are, for the first time ever, the second-best place in the world to invest in the Government, and that is because we have a Labour Government, not a Conservative reject.
I call the Chair of the Science, Innovation and Technology Committee.
The UK Government are committed to growing the economy through increased R&D and advanced manufacturing.
AstraZeneca tell us that it is committed to investing in the UK, which is where it is headquartered and where one of its largest customers—the NHS—is based.
It is like hearing that two people are madly in love with each other, yet the wedding is off.
I look forward to the Minister of State for Science explaining the background to this to the Select Committee when he appears before us next week.
In the meantime, will the Minister confirm that the UK is committed to incentivising R&D investment?
Will he set out the mix of R&D and manufacturing investment agreed to by AstraZeneca under the last Government, and to which it was committed when it dropped the deal?
Finally, the deal, as well as growing the economy, would have made our pandemic supply chain more resilient by reducing our dependence on mRNA vaccines.
Will he set out how he intends to address that?
It is good to hear from the Chair of the Select Committee.
I want to make it absolutely clear that AstraZeneca is not leaving—people are not losing their jobs because of this decision.
There are still 10,000 people employed by AstraZeneca in the UK and, for  that matter, it is proceeding with its nasal-based flu vaccine for children, just in a different way.
All of that is important.
My hon.
Friend asked about the precise details of the R&D mix that was part of the investment.
As I said, it was to have been £150 million of investment.
AstraZeneca decided to cut that to £90 million, which is why the contribution that the previous Chancellor had suggested of £90 million into that pot simply did not add up for the UK taxpayer, which is why we came to that set of decisions.
However, she is absolutely right that we are fundamentally committed to the life sciences sector for the saving of life, for making sure that we have an NHS that can really deliver for people, and because we want to have valuable jobs that we do better in this country than anywhere else in the world.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
This news makes for yet another disappointing day for the UK’s investment landscape.
We could be a global leader in innovation, but ever since the previous Conservative Government’s scrapping of the industrial strategy businesses have been left with uncertainty.
The life sciences sector is vital not just for economic growth, but for our health and technological innovation.
It contributes over £43 billion to the UK economy, supports thousands of highly skilled jobs and drives breakthroughs in medicine and healthcare, yet in conversations that I have had with businesses, I have heard time and again how the UK’s fragmented approach to investment is holding them back.