Government Members are ambitious for people right across the country.
We do not accept the situation that we inherited from the Conservative party, as the only country in the G7 whose employment rate had not gone back to pre-pandemic levels.
Creating more good jobs in every part of the country and narrowing the employment gap between different areas is tough, but we believe that it is achievable, and it is no less than the British people deserve.
On economic growth, what does the Secretary of State say to businesses in my constituency that fully support fair pay and national insurance contributions for employees, but whose ability to grow, create employment, and invest is being impacted by the cumulative effect of the changes?
I say that in order to put the public finances on a secure footing, we had to take difficult decisions.
I understand the pressures that businesses are  under, but they know that if we do not balance the books, we cannot grow in future.
We are taking action not just to put the public finances on a secure footing but to have a genuine programme to get Britain working again.
We do not accept the situation that we inherited from the Conservatives, in which so many people were locked out, denied the right to work, and denied a good, well-paid job in every part of the country.
What steps she is taking to increase efficiency in the Child Maintenance Service.
The CMS modernisation programme delivers increasingly effective and efficient services.
The programme has transformed customer interaction with the CMS, providing customers the choice to make contact digitally.
Those efficiencies make it easier for customers to report changes and non-payment, so CMS caseworkers can focus on the collection of unpaid child maintenance.
I have multiple casework examples from constituents in Huntingdon who have been impacted by CMS inefficiencies, including incorrectly calculated arrears with no explanation of how the sums have been calculated, and failure to verify the location of fathers who are not providing financial support, with the CMS claiming that addresses needed to be independently verified but not conducting that verification itself.
Such cases have resulted in consolatory payments from the CMS for maladministration and service delays.
In all instances, my constituents have been frustrated by their inability to contact the CMS over the phone.
In the quarter ending September 2024, 41% of calls to the Child Maintenance Service were not answered.
What are the Government doing to improve contact with the CMS by telephone?
I am very sorry to hear of those specific examples.
I will take away the point about telephone communication and come back to the hon.
Gentleman, but it may be worth our having a broader conversation about his concerns.
I will happily meet him to discuss any of the specifics of the cases he cited.
In response to a number inquiries that I have had from constituents over the last couple of months, will the Minister say whether reforms to the Child Maintenance Service will include consideration of the paying parent’s capital assets and voluntary pension payments when calculating the rate at which unpaid payments should be made?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
He will be aware of the recent consultation on the future administration and operation of the Child Maintenance Service.
I do not want to prejudge the decisions that will follow as a result of that consultation, but I can tell him that we are considering the next steps at present, and I will update him and the House in due course.
What progress her Department has made on developing a child poverty strategy.
It is a terrible consequence of 14 years of Conservative misrule that around 4.3 million of our children are growing up in poverty.
That is why the child poverty taskforce’s work to complete our strategy is urgent.