We could be a global leader in innovation, but ever since the previous Conservative Government’s scrapping of the industrial strategy businesses have been left with uncertainty.
The life sciences sector is vital not just for economic growth, but for our health and technological innovation.
It contributes over £43 billion to the UK economy, supports thousands of highly skilled jobs and drives breakthroughs in medicine and healthcare, yet in conversations that I have had with businesses, I have heard time and again how the UK’s fragmented approach to investment is holding them back.
That is why I have highlighted those concerns in previous questions to the Secretary of State.
The Government have promised to publish “Invest 2035” this spring, but right now companies still have no detail on what support will be available and when.
Without urgent action, we risk more world-leading firms following AstraZeneca’s lead and taking their investments elsewhere.
Will the Minister please confirm exactly when the final Invest 2035 strategy will be published?
The Government said that the decision was based on value for money, so will the Minister and the Secretary of State also publish the impact assessment, so that we can see for ourselves?
I am afraid that I will have to write to the hon.
Lady on that last question, as I am not sure precisely where we are with an impact assessment.
She is absolutely right that the UK’s life sciences sector generated something like £108 billion in turnover in the financial year ending 2022—a sharp 13% increase on the previous year.
We want to build on that.
The sector has seen year-on-year growth since the financial year ending 2015, and turnover is now 40% higher than in the financial year ending 2022.
We are keen to publish, as part of our industrial strategy, our precise plans for the financial services sector.
We said that will be in the spring—it certainly still felt like winter in the Rhondda at the weekend, so I am afraid she will have to wait until spring has sprung.
AstraZeneca is a key partner in the Liverpool city region’s life sciences innovation zone, as is Maghull health park in my constituency, with its research and development plans.
Will my hon.
Friend confirm that the Government will engage with partners in the city region, including the University of Liverpool, the metro mayor Steve Rotheram,  council leaders and the region’s MPs, to try to recover ground on this deal, which will add to the success we have already seen with AstraZeneca in the city region and across the country?
Regional mayors have an important role to play in helping bring investment into key areas.
I am happy to ensure that the meetings that my hon.
Friend has asked for take place.
This has to be a joint venture between everyone.
I want to underline that it is not the case that AstraZeneca is leaving the United Kingdom, or that it does not have confidence in the United Kingdom, because it clearly does—it invests more than £2.5 billion every year into the UK economy.
It is a key partner of the UK and will continue to be so.
What a shame the Minister has chosen to substitute aggression for what should be regret for what is, whichever way he paints it, obviously a terrible failure of negotiation.
I chair the all-party parliamentary group for life sciences, and I can tell the House that this is a terrible blow not just for Speke and Liverpool—the city of my birth—but for our vaccination development environment generally.
The lack of this production facility means that there will be no pull for vaccination development in the UK and the various technologies that come with it.
What will he do to replace that?
Of course we feel regretful.