Will the Minister join me in commending the dedication and hard work of our work coaches, who assist with job applications and interview preparations?
On that one, I certainly will agree.
Our work coaches are absolutely brilliant, and they are leading the way in changing jobcentres.
What steps she is taking to increase take-up of pension credit.
In recent months, the Department has run the biggest ever pension credit take-up campaign, across TV, radio and online.
Some 150,000 pension credit claims were made in the 16 weeks following the winter fuel payment announcement, and the campaign continues.
This week, new work to invite all pensioners newly receiving housing benefit to claim pension credit will begin.
I thank the Minister.
The latest figures show that at least 800,000 pensioners are eligible for pension credit but do not claim it, which means they have now also lost out on the winter fuel payment that they previously would have enjoyed.
Does the Minister think that means-testing is working?
It is important that 1.5 million pensioners will receive the winter fuel payments this winter.
The statistics my hon.
Friend refers to relate to previous years, before the recent take-up campaign.
However, he is right to highlight that under the Conservative Government, three in 10 eligible pensioners were missing out.
In recent days and weeks, household bills across my constituency have gone up and up and up.
Many who miss out on pension credit because they are just above the cut-off will now be wondering where they will find that extra money.
Will the Government think again about the removal of the winter fuel payment and ensure that pension credit is rolled out on a taper?
It is important that we keep driving up the take-up of pension credit, but that is not the only support available to pensioners: everyone will see the state pension rise by over 4% this April; the household support fund is very important and will be extended for another year; and the warm home discount is available to the poorest pensioners.
Government figures show that an additional 42,500 households have claimed pension credit, yet that is only about 5% of all those eligible who were not claiming it.
As constituency MPs, we are having to support people who are really struggling with the cold and their financial balances.
Will the Minister think about setting up a pensioner poverty taskforce, so we can really get underneath the issues facing older people?
I am sure that all Members, on both sides of the House, are providing support to their constituents—pensioners, those of working age and children—to ensure they can cope following a difficult few years for everyone because of the cost of living crisis.
On pensioner poverty specifically, it is important that we update our understanding of how that has developed.
If we look at the record, we see that pensioner poverty halved under the previous Labour Government, but rose by 300,000 under the Tory Government over the past 14 years.
Those on the guaranteed element of pension credit receive the warm home discount, but many do not.
Following the changes made a couple of years ago, linking the warm home discount to the age and size of a property, have the Government made any assessment of how many people have been affected the double whammy of losing the warm home discount and the winter fuel payment?
I have heard the hon.
Gentleman’s comment and will raise it with the responsible Minister in the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero, but it is important that all pensioners who are entitled to support get it.
That is what the Government are focused on.
What assessment she has made of the potential implications for her policies of recent trends in the unemployment rate.
Thanks to the dreadful inheritance left to us by the Tory Government, we need to raise productivity, reduce economic inactivity, increase employment rates and drive up economic growth.