AstraZeneca’s decision to pull its £450 million investment in the Speke manufacturing plant is a blow for the creation of jobs across the city region, including in my constituency.
I commend my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Liverpool Garston (Maria Eagle)  for her tireless efforts in trying to get this deal over the line.
Will the Minister join me in recognising the brilliant work of the scientists at the facility, and will he meet me and colleagues to explain how he can guarantee investment in R&D in the city region going forward?
I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend knows, as she knows, although I think it would probably be more useful for her if she were to meet Lord Vallance, who is the Minister for life sciences.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right; we would of course much prefer this investment to go ahead and to have been able to get this deal over the line.
However, it has not been possible, and we now have to look at different ways of ensuring that we strengthen the relationship with AstraZeneca.
However, I would point to other investments that have been made in recent months, including in life sciences, to quite significant effect.
The Financial Times reports that, during its negotiations with the Government, AstraZeneca raised concerns about the vaccine plant, but also about the rejection of one of its breast cancer drugs and the drug pricing mechanism.
Does the Minister agree that AstraZeneca’s rejection of his Government’s final offer is not the only concerning  issue for our biopharma industry, and will he assure me that he is raising issues around the regulatory and reimbursement processes with the Health Secretary and the Treasury as barriers to growth in a sector already struggling with post-Brexit red tape?
The hon.
Lady’s first point was on the voluntary scheme for branded medicines pricing and access, which is reduced to an acronym that is not really an acronym: VPAG.
This is, as it says on the tin, a voluntary agreement between Government, the pharmaceutical industry and the NHS, which is designed specifically to ensure that we protect the NHS’s medicines budget.
It is voluntary, and AstraZeneca has always been a party to it on a voluntary basis.
I am not sure that is the problem the hon.
Lady thinks it is—although, if she has further evidence, I would be happy to speak to her.
I think she is also referring to the rejection by the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence of a breast cancer drug.
This is the first time in six years that a breast cancer drug has been rejected by NICE, and it is obviously concerning for everybody who wants to be able to use these drugs.
However, we have an independent and much-respected system in the UK.
I stand by that independence; I am not going to undermine it.
May I say in the gentlest possible way to my hon.
Friend the Minister that losing investment in Merseyside and the north-west is not compensated for by investment in the Oxford-Cambridge corridor, particularly as some years ago we lost Diamond Light Source from Daresbury?
I would also like to ask him a question on a deeper issue beyond the normal party political dance: it’s their fault.
it’s not, or whatever.
When Kate Bingham, the heroine of covid and developing vaccines, finished she made excoriating comments about our civil servants and their ability to understand science and biological sciences.
What is the Minister doing to improve that situation, so that distinguished people like Kate Bingham do not say that officials in the civil service treat this huge industry with suspicion and contempt?