When AstraZeneca made the decision to cut the R&D part of its budget from £150 million to £90 million, it made sense for the UK Government to look again at the amount of money we could legitimately put in on behalf of the taxpayer.
If the hon.
Lady had been in my place, I think she would have made exactly the same decision.
Does the Minister agree that the Chancellor’s announcement last week of investment in the Oxford-Cambridge corridor shows very clearly that the Government see a bright future for life sciences in the United Kingdom, and will he forgive me for giving a brief plug to a post-war new town—my constituency of Harlow—which would very much like to be part of that future?
There are all sorts of bids coming in now, none of which I am in charge of, but we have seen significant added investments in the UK since the autumn.
For instance, Iberdrola is doubling its investment through Scottish Power from £12 billion to £24 billion over the next four years, and Blackstone has confirmed a £10 billion investment in Blyth in Northumberland.
What is essential, however, is for us to ensure that that investment stretches across the UK, that we have the skills we need in order to deliver those investments, and that we have the economic structures in place to enable them to remain,  because they are long-term investments, not just short-term ones.
Also, sometimes, we have to tackle the over-regulation that exists in some elements of the economy, particularly in relation to planning, so that we can get down to making the decisions that the Tories should have made for 14 years.
The chief scientific officer has previously stated the importance of this investment in the UK’s pandemic preparedness.
In the light of the announcement, what assessment has the Minister made of the impact on the UK’s ability to respond to future pandemics?
It is not entirely dependent on our AstraZeneca programme, and indeed, as I have already pointed out, the piece of work in which it was intending to invest—I hope I will get the science right—was changing the way in which it would create the nasal flu vaccine for children from an egg-based to a cell-based system.
It has now decided not to do that, but to stick to the egg-based system.
I think that if the chief scientific adviser or the chief medical officer has anything on which to update the House, he and/or she will do so.[Official Report,  12 February 2025 ; Vol.
762, c. 6WC.] (
Correction)
Despite AstraZeneca’s decision, the UK biotech industry almost doubled last year to £3.4 billion, but it was concentrated in just a few companies.
Will the Minister commit to looking at some of the trial research rules to enable smaller companies to work better with NHS trusts so that start-ups and local firms can prosper?
My hon.
Friend is right: not only do we need to enable smaller companies to start up, but we need to enable them to grow to scale.
Otherwise, the danger is that we develop the good idea, someone else ends up buying the intellectual property, and all the value disappears out the UK’s back door.
When I met the husband-and-wife team who run BioNtech—they are amazing, not least in respect of some of the work they have done in developing immunotherapy, which is probably the stuff that saved my life when I had stage 4 cancer—they spoke warmly and glowingly about all the work that they want to do in the UK, alongside the work of AstraZeneca.
As my hon.
Friend says, we need to get small companies set up, to grow them, and to enable them to be world leaders like AstraZeneca.
Investment in highly paid industries producing good-quality research and development, and the spin-offs from that, are, of course, important to the economy and to long-term growth.