The lack of this production facility means that there will be no pull for vaccination development in the UK and the various technologies that come with it.
What will he do to replace that?
Of course we feel regretful.
We would have preferred to get this over the line but that was not possible, in large measure because AstraZeneca decided that it did not add up in whatever particular way for it.
The right hon.
Gentleman makes one very good point: we want a manufacturing provision in the country, and my colleague Lord Vallance is working on that very closely with the sector.
Friday’s announcement was deeply disappointing.
The Liverpool city region is home to one of Europe’s largest pharma clusters.
The Government were prepared to put millions into the project with AstraZeneca, which it has now walked away from.
Is that money still on the table for other viable life science projects in our region?
Will the Government commit to meet our metro mayor, Steve Rotheram, to discuss that further?
That is the cleverest bid for finance that I have ever heard, so my hon.
Friend gets an award for that.
She is right that we stand ready at any point to assist key investments of this nature, especially in the life sciences sector.
The difference between the amount of money that was theoretically made available by the previous Government and the amount that we were prepared to put forward was remarkably small.
The issue is how to ensure that similar investments get over the line.
Someone from the Department will meet Steve Rotheram.
How does losing £450 million of investment on Merseyside and into the wider north-west area equate with the Chancellor’s stated priority of economic growth?
The right hon.
Lady puts it in a particular way, but it is not a way that is consonant with the facts.
The fact is that this deal had not been signed or got over  the line by the previous Government, who, as I have said, would quite often announce things and not actually deliver in the end.
In spring 2024, the then Chancellor made it very clear in the documents that accompanied the Budget that all of this was contingent—his words, not mine—on due diligence.
The then Government had not yet done the due diligence.
More than 5,000 people are employed at AstraZeneca’s Macclesfield campus, producing world-class medicines and contributing £1.8 billion in GVA and 1% of total UK exports.
AstraZeneca has confirmed to me that the Speke decision does not impact Macclesfield, a site that it is committed to.
Will the Minister confirm that the Government are committed to working with AZ so it continues to have a bright future in Macclesfield?
Yes, 100%.
I know that my hon.
Friend has visited AstraZeneca and spoken to it many times.
He is absolutely right to note that there are, I think, 4,000 working at the Macclesfield site, and will continue to do so.
I am sure that AstraZeneca has a very strong future in Macclesfield.
Nothing in this decision changes that one iota.
We in this House often underestimate how many options companies such as AstraZeneca have on where to invest.
The Minister is not known for taking no as an answer, so can I urge him to continue to make the case for this investment, be flexible on VFM and keep fighting for this specific deal?
Not necessarily for this specific deal, but certainly for a deal with AstraZeneca, yes.
AstraZeneca’s decision to pull its £450 million investment in the Speke manufacturing plant is a blow for the creation of jobs across the city region, including in my constituency.
I commend my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Liverpool Garston (Maria Eagle)  for her tireless efforts in trying to get this deal over the line.