Will the Secretary of State commit to working further with places such as Peterborough to ensure we can deliver decent apprenticeships and more opportunities for young people who need them?
Yes, I do commit to that, and I thank my hon.
Friend for his tireless campaigning on the issue.
With almost 1,000 young people unemployed in his constituency, or almost one in 10, I know what an important issue it is.
His area is part of one of our youth guarantee trailblazers, meaning that every young person is earning or learning.
I commit that the whole Government will continue to work with him and partners in his constituency to make sure that no young person is left behind.
Jamie from my constituency is a full-time carer, but he is also in full-time education and is therefore not entitled to carer’s allowance.
Will the Government confirm that they will extend carer’s allowance to those in full-time education?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point.
I recently met a very impressive group of young people who have managed to navigate their way through education while also having very heavy caring responsibilities.
We are working closely with the Department for Education, the Department of Health and Social Care, the Carers Trust and the Learning and Work Institute to make sure that we are providing the support young carers need.
My constituent Darren, an unpaid carer, was wrongly refused a refund for prescription charges when moving from income support to universal credit.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree with me that there should be no gap in support in such circumstances?
Yes, I do agree with my hon.
Friend, and I am grateful to him for highlighting that case.
We have asked the Department for Health and Social Care to review its decision in that case—I hope with a positive outcome.
The Minister will have heard several references to the Joseph Rowntree Foundation report this afternoon.
The report demonstrates not only that extreme poverty is rising, but that the only part of these islands where child poverty will fall in the next four years is Scotland.
Is it not time that the Westminster Government took a leaf out of the Scottish Government’s book?
I think it is fair to say that we have spent a great deal of time talking to people from all parts of the United Kingdom, and we will continue to do so, because only a strategy that covers all of the UK will be a success.
What assessment has the Minister made of recent trends in the level of fraud in the welfare system, because every £1 lost to fraud is £1 that should have gone to our schools, to our hospitals or on the future of our residents?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
The assessment I have made is of a trend that is up, up, up after 14 years of the Conservative party failing to act.
We lost £9.7 billion in fraud and error in the Department for Work and Pensions last year, and we have lost £35 billion since the pandemic.
That is too much, which is why I hope colleagues will support the Public Authorities (Fraud, Error and Recovery) Bill on Second Reading later.
Hundreds of farmers and other small business owners in Westmorland who earn less than the minimum wage are not eligible for universal credit because of the failure of that system to take account of variability of income.
Will the Minister look to put that right so that we can support the people who support us?
We are committed in our manifesto to a review of universal credit and I expect to set out shortly the details of how that review will go forward.
I will be very happy to look at the particular case the hon.
Gentleman raises in the course of the review.