As my hon.
Friend says, we need to get small companies set up, to grow them, and to enable them to be world leaders like AstraZeneca.
Investment in highly paid industries producing good-quality research and development, and the spin-offs from that, are, of course, important to the economy and to long-term growth.
I agree with the Minister that when it comes to using public money we have to be careful about how it is spent, and not just throw it at a company because it has threatened to walk away from investment.
In fact, I should have thought that those on the Opposition Front Bench would be quite happy to hear the Minister talking about the proper use of public finance like a prudent Conservative Minister.
My question, however, is this.
Although due diligence had to be done, and it may well have been assessed that this was not a good use of public money, was the investment lost because of a lack of communication between the Government and the company during the assessment process, when perhaps the company could have been convinced that it could proceed, even with less support?
I will take support from wherever I can get it, so I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman.
It is a very simple point that when the Government invest in businesses of whatever kind, we have to make sure that we get value for money for the taxpayer, even when there is a very large cheque on the table.
AstraZeneca decided to change the structure of its research and development, which is one of the reasons why we had to change the amount of money that we were prepared to put in, but the right hon.
Gentleman’s other points are very good and well made.
Alongside other Members representing Milton Keynes, I attended the Chancellor’s speech last Wednesday and spoke to many companies, including those from the life sciences sector.
There were two really important points that they wanted to make, after being reasonably pleased with what they heard from the Chancellor.
The first was about the importance of talking up our world-leading universities, after the previous Government continually talked them down.
Will the Minister commit that this Government will continue to sell our world-leading universities, including Oxford and Cambridge, on the world stage?
The second point that companies wanted to make was that investing in life sciences right across the country requires a successful Oxford-Cambridge arc.
Will the Minister commit to doing whatever it takes to make the entire corridor successful, including by getting a devolution deal for the midlands and speaking to his colleagues in the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government to ensure that that happens?
Yes, and I agree with everything my hon.
Friend says.
The Oxford-Cambridge corridor is really important.
Reading the newspapers over the weekend, I was intrigued by how many Conservative commentators kept on saying, “What I don’t understand is why the Conservatives didn’t do this over the last 14 years.”
It is not enough simply to build the Oxford-Cambridge corridor; we need to make sure that we build on creative and scientific innovations at all our universities in the United Kingdom, and not just at Oxford and Cambridge.
We received terrible news from AstraZeneca over the weekend.
It is businesses across the country, such as those in my constituency of Broxbourne, that create economic growth, not the Government.
The Government have increased red tape and employer’s national insurance contributions.
Can the Minister outline how he is promoting businesses and encouraging them to invest in the United Kingdom?
As I have already said, we had £63 billion of investment at the summit before Christmas, and we have had £14 billion of investment since Christmas.
I have a specific responsibility for data in the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology, and the number of data centres investing in the UK is significant.