Will the Minister outline what progress has been made to secure this investment?
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, just last week we unveiled our civil nuclear road map.
I committed to meet him and, indeed, anybody else from Northern Ireland to seek to build up the manufacturing and supply chain workforce in Northern Ireland, so that all parts of our United Kingdom can benefit from the once-in-a-generation investment that we are making right now.
What recent assessment the Government have made of the environmental impact of onshore wind farm cables.
The environmental impact of onshore windfarm cables is assessed through the consenting process.
Minimising potential environmental impacts of new infrastructure is a Government priority.
We are committed to ensuring that new electricity network projects mitigate environmental impacts at every opportunity.
Although I am a huge supporter of offshore wind, there is no doubt that the trenching through my beautiful countryside is not without its own set of problems.
Flooding, agricultural run-off and pollution have all been hugely exacerbated since the summer with what has happened in North Norfolk.
What measures do we really have to force wind companies to clean up and repair the countryside after the damage they cause when they trench through it?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question and for persistently raising these issues to make sure that we get the transmission infrastructure that we need, but in a way that has the minimum negative impact on his constituents and others.
I will follow up his question today by looking specifically at the regime, making sure that the companies concerned not only go  through all the correct permissioning ahead of time, but are properly followed up to ensure that they deliver it in a way that does not leave the problems that he has itemised.
I call the shadow Minister.
On  28 November , I asked the Minister how many planning applications for onshore wind had been lodged in England since the alleged loosening of planning restrictions on onshore wind in September.
The answer then was zero.
Even now that the policy has had more time to bed down, the answer, I am afraid, is still zero, and I predict that it will be zero the next time we meet.
In September last year, the Secretary of State said that the changes made in September
“will help speed up the delivery of onshore wind projects”.
Does the Minister think that the Government have succeeded?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
As he will be aware, in the last contracts for difference round, a great deal of onshore wind was successfully brought forward and it still constitutes the largest single form of renewable energy in the United Kingdom—the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie)  will correct me if I have got that wrong.
I share with the hon.
Gentleman a frustration in making sure that we see that pulled forward, so that we see more projects in England as well as in the rest of the UK.
I am glad the Minister is frustrated about the complete failure of this alleged policy turnaround, but I am frustrated because if we had not had the absurd ban in the first place, the onshore wind development that would have taken place would have saved each family £180 on their energy bills.
All Labour is suggesting is that onshore wind is treated like any other development.
How long will it be before the Minister accepts the reality and concludes that he needs to go back and properly repeal the ban?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question and his personal commitment to this area, but he knows as well as anyone the parlous performance of the previous Government, which his right hon.
Friend  the Member for Doncaster North (Edward Miliband)  was a leading figure in.