Instead of such short-term policies, is it time for Labour’s industrial strategy, Labour’s grid reform and Labour’s mission to become a clean energy superpower, so that we can permanently cut bills for everyone, grow our economy and give Britain its future back?
This Government have demonstrated our commitment to help across the domestic and non-domestic sectors.
However, we also recognise the vital role that the steel sector plays in our economy.
In fact, the 2021 net zero strategy reaffirms our commitment to continue to work with the steel industry on decarbonisation.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
The UK is the first major economy to halve its emissions.
Since the Prime Minister’s speech in September, we have announced the £960 million green industries growth accelerator, helped to deliver the first global agreement to transition away from fossil fuels at COP28, acted to protect motorists from unfair prices at petrol stations, announced backing for 11 major projects to produce green hydrogen, and committed to the biggest nuclear expansion in 70 years.
We have a plan.
Our plan is working and it will get us to net zero.
It will guarantee our energy security and bring consumers and the British people with us.
My constituents have told me they are no longer eligible to receive the warm home discount, which, along with Ofgem’s price increase, is making the cost of living even more severe in the City of Durham.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss that?
What, if any, discussions has he had with the Minister for Disabled People, Health and Work,  the hon.
Member for Mid Sussex (Mims Davies)  about the impact of fuel poverty on disabled people?
We are providing targeted support for the most vulnerable through the warm home discount.
I am pleased to say that we have raised it to £150 and extended it so that it now reaches 3 million low-income households, giving them a rebate on their energy bills every winter.
Kettering is one of the greenest constituencies in the country, because the wind turbines and solar panels in the constituency generate enough electricity to power all 45,000 homes.
For the country as a whole, what percentage of our electricity was generated from renewables when the Conservatives came to power in 2010, and what is the percentage now?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question.
He will be delighted to learn that renewable generation has increased fivefold from 2010 to 2022.
It has gone from a risible 26 TWh to 135 TWh.
Some 40 GW of renewable energy has connected to Great Britain’s electricity networks since 2010.
Since 2010, the UK has seen a more than 500% increase in the amount of renewable electricity capacity in the grid thanks to this Conservative Government.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
In the past month, the former Prime Minister who legislated for net zero has condemned the Minister’s oil and gas policy.
His colleague the former COP President has accused the Government of “not being serious” and the Government’s net zero tsar has resigned his seat in disgust.
Why does the Minister think that that is?
As we have rehearsed, the UK is the first major economy to halve its emissions.
It is the one that is delivering more going forward.
It is so important that we recognise that we will continue to need oil and gas for decades to come.
The Labour party’s policy will do the opposite; it will weaken British jobs, reduce taxes and put up emissions, and that is why we remain committed, working across society, to ensuring that we deliver.
It is not just us who oppose the Minister’s Bill, but those on his own side—he has lost an MP over it.
I know he brought down the last Government over fracking; he is trying to do it again with his new Bill.
That is the reason that people have lost confidence.