I would have thought she would celebrate that.
As the hon.
Lady will know, the Climate Change Committee’s chair is not just a matter for the UK Government.
The appointment of the chair of that committee has to be agreed by the devolved Administrations as well, and we are moving as quickly as we can.
Who is holding it up?
The best thing, as barristers know, is to not ask a question unless you already know the answer, because it might not suit you.
We are moving as quickly as we can to make sure that we have a chairman in place.
I share the hon.
Lady’s belief that it is an important role, and we want to have it filled as quickly as possible.
One of the most effective ways in which we can hit our net zero targets is by delivering an effective carbon capture and storage industry, and I was delighted to see the Government make an announcement just before Christmas about the next round of that.
The Morecambe bay net zero project based in my constituency could deliver a gigaton of carbon storage, helping some of our most energy-intensive industries through this transition period.
I invite my right hon.
Friend to come and visit.
I am not the Minister who leads on carbon capture, usage and storage, so I may have just swerved a visit, but of course I am always delighted to talk to my hon.
Friend.
If I can lean on my colleague in the House of Lords who is responsible for that policy area, I will let him know of my hon.
Friend’s kind offer.
I share his enthusiasm: by capturing the renewables around the UK and converting them into low-cost electricity, as we are also taking forward hydrogen and using the natural blessing of having so much carbon capture capability, we can deliver this country the jobs, the opportunity and the low-cost energy system for the future.
I look forward to my hon.
Friend’s continuing support.
I call the shadow Minister.
Having shared a constituency border with the former Member for Kingswood for 14 years, I know that he was genuine in wanting what was best for his constituents.
He knew that a green transition would protect their jobs at Rolls-Royce and Airbus, help the science park to thrive, and bring opportunities for small and medium-sized enterprises and the self-employed.
He knew that home insulation and clean energy would bring warmer homes to Warmley and Woodstock, and lower bills to Bitton.
He resigned because he had lost all hope that this Government would deliver on those things.
He was right, was he not?
Just to spell it out—because we do have to speak very slowly for the Opposition Front-Bench team—we have cut our emissions more than any other major economy, and our plans and the expectation of the UN are that we will continue to lead the world.
That is leading the world: not talking about it, not promising to borrow £28 billion and put everyone’s taxes up, and then fluctuating on a daily basis.
It is about delivery.
We have delivered and will continue to do so.
If we want to see the reality of Labour on energy, we only need to go to Nottingham.
There, Labour invested in Robin Hood Energy, which went spectacularly bust—a forerunner of a Labour Government, perhaps, if there ever were to be one.
It is typical of Labour to reverse all the principles of Robin Hood: all Labour does is steal from the poor in order to pay for the bailiff.
How many homes had energy efficiency measures installed in (a) 2010 and (b) 2022.
How many homes had energy efficiency measures installed in (a) 2010 and (b) 2022.
Because of our plan, half of homes now meet the Government’s 2035 energy performance certificate band C goal, a significant jump from 14% in 2010.
In 2010, low-cost measures were targeted, with 960,000 installations.