How many homes had energy efficiency measures installed in (a) 2010 and (b) 2022.
Because of our plan, half of homes now meet the Government’s 2035 energy performance certificate band C goal, a significant jump from 14% in 2010.
In 2010, low-cost measures were targeted, with 960,000 installations.
In 2022, funding shifted to high-cost measures to benefit low-income households and less-efficient homes, resulting in approximately 200,000 installations last year.
I fear that the Minister may be referring rather too much to new build homes.
The reality is that in 2010 there were 1.8 million insulation measures introduced into cavity walls and lofts, yet in 2022, in comparison, there were only 80,000.
That has left my constituents in Reading and Woodley, who mainly live in Victorian and 20th-century homes, struggling with very high bills, so what is the Minister going to do about that?
The hon.
Gentleman did not acknowledge that we have moved from 14% to 50% because of the actions of a Conservative Government.
To answer his question directly, we are allocating around £20 billion to clean heat and energy efficiency over this Parliament and the next, which will benefit his constituents.
That includes our Great British insulation scheme, worth £1 billion, which will deliver insulation measures to around 300,000 of the country’s least energy-efficient homes, saving them £300 to £400 each year by March 2026.
I echo the observations of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Reading East (Matt Rodda) .
I remember in 2008-09, long before I came into this place, working endlessly with Cambridge City Council and energy providers on encouraging people in the city to take up home insulation schemes.
Since then, we have seen precisely nothing—nothing has been going on.
Labour has a huge ambition for the future; what is the Government’s ambition?
I know mathematics is not a strong point for the Labour party, but I will go over the figures again: 14% to 50% over the course of the last three Parliaments, delivered by the actions of this Conservative Government.
We have a plan to continue to deliver for the least well-off in those homes that need more energy efficiency measures.
As I just said to the hon.
Member’s colleague, we are allocating £20 billion to clean heat mechanisms over this and the next Parliament, and we are going to continue to deliver for the British people.
Thousands of new homes are being built across the Kettering constituency.
What is my hon.
Friend doing, together with the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities, to decarbonise the future housing stock and improve energy efficiency in new build housing?
We recently announced further details of the £6 billion extension that will be allocated from 2025 to 2028.
This will support an extra 500,000 homes—prioritising those who need it most, but including new build—and is on top of support for 700,000 families to install improvements through the Great British insulation scheme and the energy company obligation by March 2026.
What recent discussions she has had with Ofgem on the compensation payment process for households that have had prepayment meters wrongfully installed.
I have met Ofgem and suppliers to reiterate my expectations that the new rules will be followed.
Ofgem has announced  that if a supplier wrongfully installs a prepayment meter, it will be expected to compensate its customers appropriately.
Forcing the installation of prepayment meters in the homes of some of our poorest and most vulnerable constituents is, frankly, a scandal.
Although the Government rightly paused forced installations last year, some energy companies have been allowed to resume this outrageous practice under a new rules regime, which the Minister referred to, that still faces many questions.
Does the Minister think that in the middle of winter—in a week when we have seen temperatures drop dramatically—we can trust energy suppliers that have a history of unscrupulous practices in force-fitting energy meters in the homes of vulnerable people to, in effect, self-regulate?