I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath (Neale Hanvey)  on securing this ten-minute rule Bill and on his knowledge of Liberal political history.
I have to confess, though, that my overwhelming sentiment on hearing of this Bill was, “Oh, not again!”
Surely this has been settled not just by the Supreme Court ruling but by the repeated occasions on which the people of Scotland—including me and other MPs here—the electorates of several constituencies and the majority of people at the last general election, and in the referendum, made it clear that, no, we cannot be held in a Union against our will, but that our will is to stay.
On the anniversary of parliamentary approval of the Act of Union in 1707, we are going over the same nationalist argument again and again—an argument that was rejected in the referendum and at the general election.
This could and should be a day when the people of this country might expect their elected representatives to be considering the importance of what has gone before, as a result of that Act, what we have achieved and built, and what we can continue to build and improve upon as part of the Union.
As a liberal and a Liberal Democrat, as the hon.
Gentleman said, I fundamentally believe in home rule for Scotland, I fundamentally agree that the United Kingdom needs to change and I agree that the people of Scotland deserve incremental increases in power, but that is because I believe in a federal United Kingdom and have said so on numerous occasions, and I will continue to do so.
In the past 45 years, there have been three referendums on Scotland’s political future, on the Scottish people’s future and on the state of the constitution.
Every single one of them was facilitated by the United Kingdom Government and, on every occasion, the Scottish people have benefited.
We have devolution as a result of the second referendum, and surely even devolution sceptics can see the good that has come from our Parliament.
We have seen the benefits of devolution not only in Scotland but in Wales, and we have seen great changes in Northern Ireland and, let us not forget, the London Assembly.
The third referendum, on independence in 2014, was facilitated by the UK Government, who felt that the Scottish Parliament and Scottish parliamentary elections had proven that there was a mandate.
I know this because I worked on that referendum—I declare that interest—and, as a result, we have more devolved powers.
This country has come so far on devolution since the turn of the new century, and power is now closer to the people most affected by it.
It would be dreadful to undermine that, to throw the baby out with the bath water, with a separatist argument.
Let us be clear that that is what some colleagues want.
It is not a secret that I fundamentally disagree with my colleagues on the Alba and SNP Benches about independence and where Scotland should be heading, particularly at a time when we need to work together in this place to solve the ills that are blighting people across these isles.
I repeat that, in doing so, the UK Government are not a block on more devolution but have worked to enable it.
Whatever nationalists might tell us, independence is not an answer to our problems.
It is not even the question that most people in Scotland want to raise.
That question is about inflation, interest rates and the cost of living.
My constituents constantly ask me about instability across the globe and what we will do about those issues.
Yes, they want change, but they want a different Government and a different approach.
They do not want separation, and they regularly tell me that they are fed up of hearing about it.