Following the announcement by my right hon.
Friend the Home Secretary that the Government intend to proscribe Hizb ut-Tahrir under the Terrorism Act 2000, the business on Thursday will now be:
Thursday 18 January —A motion to approve the  draft Terrorism Act 2000 (Proscribed Organisations) (Amendment) Order 2024, followed by a debate on a motion on the loan charge, followed by a debate on a motion on HS2 compensation.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
I will announce further business in the usual way on Thursday.
I call the shadow Leader of the House.
I thank the Leader of the House for updating the House on the business for Thursday, and for advance sight of it.
It is good to see her announcing a change in business as a statement, rather than a point of order, and I know that Members will appreciate that proper approach.
There have long been serious concerns about the activities of Hizb ut-Tahrir, which have been exacerbated in the light of Hamas’s barbaric terrorist attack on Israel on  7 October .
It is right that the Government have looked at the evidence and intelligence on the threat posed by the group, and Labour supports the decision to proscribe it.
I also welcome the fact that urgent time has been found to debate the order this week.
Those who incite violence and promote or glorify terrorism have no place on Britain’s streets.
In that context, what progress has been made on proscribing the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, either via a statutory instrument, as the Government are using this week for Hizb ut-Tahrir, or by a new process to deal with hostile state actors for which there is wide cross-party support in this House?
Finally, I have to say that when I was first notified of an emergency business statement today, I did wonder whether the Government were having a rethink about their Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Bill in the face of the usual infighting and chaos.
Can the Leader of the House take this opportunity to confirm that, whether the Bill is or is not amended in Committee today or tomorrow, there will still be, as programmed, Third Reading at the end of tomorrow’s business?
There has been some suggestion that the Government may still table their own amendments and push Third Reading back to another day.
Would that not be further proof of the Prime Minister’s weakness and the fact that, when it comes to governing, they are just making it up as they go along?
First, I thank the hon.
Lady for her support for the statutory instrument that we are bringing forward.
The Home Office has taken its time to consider the matter, but it is very clear that the activities the  group is involved in fall into that category.
They need to be dealt with swiftly, which is why we brought forward the SI at the first available opportunity.
The hon.
Lady talks about the point of order I made last week.
She will fully appreciate that this is a different situation.
I am making a business statement today because we are changing the business that was previously announced.
Last week, I was simply giving Members advance notice of forthcoming business, because if I had waited until our exchanges on Thursday, it would have meant an unsatisfactory amount of time for right hon.
and hon.
Members to prepare amendments.
I will certainly ensure that the Home Secretary  has heard the hon.
Lady’s query about the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps.
Its activities are not restricted to what is happening overseas; it is engaged in activities on British soil against British citizens.
I know that there is a great deal of interest in that in all parts of the House.
As the hon.