There is indeed a need for a social tariff, whether it is a cost of living crisis or a lack-of-wages crisis, given that the Resolution Foundation reported at the beginning of December that average wages across the UK were £10,700 lower than they should be compared with other comparable countries, following the past 15 years.
There probably is a lack-of-wages crisis hitting the UK.
Regardless, the Energy Security and Net Zero Committee said in our “Preparing for the winter” report, in paragraph 24:
“We urge the Government and energy suppliers to consider implementing a form of social tariff and other measures to protect vulnerable households from being cut off from their energy supplies.”
That was a unanimous report across Labour Members, Tory Members and, of course, the pro-Scottish independence voice on the Committee, but will we see some movement on this from the Government?
It is important and needed by everybody, and it would be particularly welcome to my constituents in Na h-Eileanan an Iar.
As I have indicated, we are doing a lot of things to help people, including the most vulnerable in society.
It is worth pointing out that it was announced recently in the autumn statement that the national living wage will be worth £1,800 for a full-time worker and that benefits will increase by 6.7%, which is worth £470 a year.
What estimate she has made of the number of households in fuel poverty in winter 2023-24.
What estimate she has made of the number of households in fuel poverty in winter 2023-24.
What estimate she has made of the number of households in fuel poverty in winter 2023-24.
Fuel poverty is devolved.
Statistics for England are published annually by the Department.
The next English statistics will be published on  15 February  and will include estimates of the number of households in fuel poverty in 2023 and 2024.
Just under a third of people in my Jarrow constituency are now living in fuel poverty, like Maureen, who told me she is struggling to find an extra £975 per month due to the disability price tag.
That will be made worse by the recent news of the energy price cap rise.
Can the Minister explain why the Government still insist on giving subsidies worth billions to the oil and gas industry through loopholes in the windfall tax?
Would that money not be better spent cutting people’s bills?
I must point out the work the Government have been doing to help vulnerable people.
Not only that, but we have halved energy bills.
I have constant meetings with all stakeholders, including Citizens Advice and all the disability groups, and we are ensuring that we are supporting all vulnerable people in the cost of living crisis and as we go through this winter.
I also have increasing numbers of constituents with significant levels of energy debt coming to my office seeking fuel vouchers.
Why are the Government pursuing the Offshore Petroleum Licensing Bill, which the Minister herself has said will not bring down bills, when economic forecasters warn that delays in  decarbonising will leave consumers with higher prices?
Is it not time the Government dropped the focus on fossil fuels and delivered instead the public investment in renewable energy that will bring down bills and go some way to averting the climate catastrophe?
We are committed not only to helping vulnerable people, but to making sure we are providing the best energy security we can.
That is why we are committed to all the policies we have introduced.
I listened very carefully to the answer the Minister gave to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Blaydon (Liz Twist) , but I am still none the wiser, so I will ask again: can the Minister set out what recent discussions she has had with the Welsh Government about the social tariff, which the previous Secretary of State described as “very helpful”?