Forcing the installation of prepayment meters in the homes of some of our poorest and most vulnerable constituents is, frankly, a scandal.
Although the Government rightly paused forced installations last year, some energy companies have been allowed to resume this outrageous practice under a new rules regime, which the Minister referred to, that still faces many questions.
Does the Minister think that in the middle of winter—in a week when we have seen temperatures drop dramatically—we can trust energy suppliers that have a history of unscrupulous practices in force-fitting energy meters in the homes of vulnerable people to, in effect, self-regulate?
Will the Government instead legislate to ban the scandalous forced installation of prepayment meters once and for all?
I acknowledge how awful it was that people had their homes broken into to force fit prepayment meters, but there is also a place for prepayment meters to enable people and to support people out of debt.
I reassure the House that I have scrutinised every level of the regime for prepayment meters, now that we are going back to reinforcement, to absolutely ensure that we will not see all the scandalous practices that happened before.
What steps she is taking to support the oil and gas sector.
The North sea is a mature basin and production will naturally decline in the coming years.
The Government are committed to supporting our oil and gas industry and the energy transition, which is why we have the North sea transition deal and have introduced the Offshore Petroleum Licensing Bill.
We want to protect investment, the 200,000 jobs supported by the sector and the tens of billions of pounds coming in in taxes, as well as to use the existing industry to deliver the wider energy transition.
The Government’s action to use gas and oil reserves in the UK for the smooth transition to renewable sources is important for our energy security, but also offers great employment and wealth prospects in the process.
Is the Minister aware that Offshore Energies UK published a workforce insight last year that highlighted that the number of people working in the sector could be increased by 50%?
For that to become a reality, the sector needs to be stable and competitive.
What commitment can my right hon.
Friend offer to the stability and competitiveness of the sector?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
This is a declining basin, and it is so important as we go through the transition that we do not lose the skills and jobs of those people who are providing the oil and gas on which we currently rely.
No country is doing more to decarbonise than we are, but we will continue to use oil and gas for decades to come.
As our production falls even more quickly than our demand, and even more quickly than is required globally, it is essential that we support the industry, send the signal that my  right hon.
Friend suggested, and rebut the attitude of the Labour party, which would destroy those jobs, lose the tax and put up emissions.
I welcome the fact that, belatedly, the Government have accepted that, despite their net-zero policies, the oil and gas industry is important for the future in the United Kingdom.
Does the Minister recognise that to benefit from the oil and gas in the North sea that will be released by the new licensing regime, we need to have refinery capacity?
There has been little, if any, investment in refinery capacity, because of the uncertainty of the future and the carbon taxes placed on it.
When will the Minister address that issue to ensure that we get the full benefit of the oil and gas that we extract from our shores?
Effectively, we are part of a European market.