That has happened on his watch, so what is he doing to improve the situation?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question and for her work on the Committee in holding the Government to account.
Of course, we have realised £198 billion of investment into clean energy since 2010, and we have a plan, which we set out in “Powering Up Britain”.
The Labour party has only an intention to borrow £28 billion a year, putting up families’ taxes, putting up bills and destroying the most investable market in Europe that we have had to date.
We will have another £100 billion of private investment by 2030, and the Conservatives will carry on our work leading the world in transforming our energy system so that we have lower-cost, home-produced energy while also delivering on net zero—things that signally did not happen under Labour.
UK start-up Newcleo and French start-up NAAREA—Nuclear Abundant Affordable Resourceful Energy for All—have just announced a partnership to promote small modular nuclear reactors.
What support are the UK Government providing, and what proportion of our energy mix does the Minister think this kind of initiative can support?
My right hon.
Friend is right, and it is great to see excitement across the Chamber about developing nuclear.
It is just a shame that, when it came to the secondary legislation to enable the business models, Labour Members did not support it—they say one thing in one place and a different thing when it comes to making the laws of the land.
I am pleased to say to him that, under the Conservatives, the plan is to bring the jobs, technology and opportunity of small modular reactors to this country, as part the ambition for up to 25% of our electricity to come from nuclear by 2050.
I have been talking with businesses in South Ribble about achieving net zero.
Businesses on Leyland business park are exploring geothermal, and we also have the huge advantage of the Howick Cross substation bringing in energy from offshore wind, onshore wind in Scotland, and the north-west and Welsh nuclear fleet.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that, in future, businesses will look to site themselves where there is reliable and accessible cheap energy, and that South Ribble is well placed to take advantage of that?
My hon.
Friend is quite right to highlight the benefits and attractions of South Ribble, and indeed the wider UK economy.
It is not just that the areas that have those services will attract business within the United Kingdom: by rewiring and leading the world in delivering a low-cost, low-carbon energy system, we can attract more investment from abroad and have a renaissance, not least in the north of England but also in Wales and Scotland—all around the country.
That is a result of the net zero policies that, uniquely, this country is managing to lead the world on following so many years of Labour failure.
The Minister will know that the Climate Change Committee has a key role in advising the Government on their path to net zero, but he will also know that 18 months on from the resignation of Lord Deben as chair of that committee, the Government still have not announced a replacement, despite 60 applications for the role having been submitted and several people already having been interviewed.
Are the Government scared of having their record scrutinised, or are they simply determined to destroy any last shred of the UK’s climate leadership?
Will the Minister tell us now when the selection will be announced?
Given the hon.
Lady’s lifelong passion for this subject, I find it extraordinary that she never, ever recognises the unique achievement of this country in halving emissions.
I would have thought she would celebrate that.
As the hon.
Lady will know, the Climate Change Committee’s chair is not just a matter for the UK Government.