It is not just us who oppose the Minister’s Bill, but those on his own side—he has lost an MP over it.
I know he brought down the last Government over fracking; he is trying to do it again with his new Bill.
That is the reason that people have lost confidence.
They see the hottest year on record and a Government backsliding on net zero.
Is it not the truth that the Conservatives who know and care most about climate change no longer support this Government?
The right hon.
Gentleman would love to think that was the case, but the Conservative party is united in driving this forward and in delivering.
We are powering up Britain from Britain.
We have taken ourselves from the abject position left by him when he was in government, which so many of my colleagues have described.
We must not go back to that, because it would put bills up, it would put emissions up, and it would stop us being the global net zero leader that we are.
The Prime Minister recently visited Bacton gas terminal in North Norfolk, which is home to a third of the UK’s gas supply and in the future could be an enormous hub for green energy production in the east of England.
Will Ministers reassure me that they will continue to consider Bacton as the future home for carbon capture, usage and storage technology as well as a hydrogen hub for the future in the east of England?
I agree with my hon.
Friend and the Prime Minister on the importance of Bacton, which, like all gas terminals across the country, has the potential to play a crucial role in our energy security.
The decarbonisation of these terminals is vital to delivering both economic growth and net zero.
The Hewett field, 20 km offshore from Bacton, was awarded a licence for carbon sea storage by the North Sea Transition Authority in 2023.
I hear his loud voice—it will be heard on the Government Benches—about its potential to be a hydrogen hub as well.
Data released last year suggests that Britain has one of the largest queues in Europe of wind and solar capacity waiting to be connected to the grid.
Will the Minister provide an update on what steps the Department is taking to reduce those waiting times?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right to highlight that issue.
At the autumn statement, we announced plans to halve the time it takes to build new critical powerlines as well as reducing average delays from five years to no more than six months.
The connection action plan at the more local level will release more than 100 GW of capacity and give powers to the system operator to terminate stalled projects.
We are seeking across multiple Departments—led by this one—to deal with the issues that she rightly raised.
A&P Falmouth in my constituency has submitted an application to the Government for floating offshore wind manufacturing investment scheme funding in readiness to support the first floating offshore wind project in English waters.
With Government support, it could supply electricity to 45,000 homes in Cornwall.
The scheme is shovel-ready, pragmatic and deliverable, with huge support from local stakeholders as well as being vital to building the supply chain further in the south-west.
Will my hon.
Friend, alongside Department for Transport colleagues, carefully consider the application to help me deliver that for Cornwall, the south-west and the Celtic sea cluster?
It is incredibly encouraging to hear about what is happening at A&P Falmouth.
As my hon.
Friend knows, the floating offshore wind manufacturing investment scheme is providing up to £160 million to support investment in UK ports.
However, while FLOWMIS is still live, I am afraid I cannot comment on individual applications.
More than 15% of families in my constituency live in fuel poverty, with a median energy   efficiency score of just 65.