Friend please require National Grid to publish fully its assessment so far?
When my right hon.
Friend thinks that something is important, she does not let it go.
That message will go out clearly from this Chamber, and I will happily work with her to see whether we can find a resolution and give her the information and insight that she requires.
Following the recent state visit from the Korean President, when he identified nuclear as one of the key sectors for future collaboration in the UK-Korea trade deal, and the publication—albeit two years later than promised—of the civil nuclear road map last week, could the Minister please detail what conversations are taking place with the Department for Business and Trade to maximise inward investment opportunities for the nuclear supply chain in Warrington North and across the UK?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question and for her support for our nuclear road map published last week.
As she knows, we look forward to increasing the opportunities to co-operate with South Korea on civil nuclear, including on fuel supply chain safety, security, non-proliferation, decommissioning and the development of new reactors in both countries.
That will benefit jobs and the supply chain around the UK, specifically where there is a strong history of a nuclear industry, such as in her constituency, which she champions.
The additional power supplies from offshore wind farms are creating the need for further pylons, yet if we doubled the voltage of power lines from 400 kV to 800 kV, we might not need them.
That is used in China and America, and would stop the need for all the additional power lines running up and down the country.
Will the Department look into that?
It will be useful for us both if I write to my hon.
Friend and set out the technical assessments, constraints and issues around that, because he makes an interesting point.
The Government have finally committed to a carbon border adjustment mechanism to protect our energy-intensive industries from being undercut by imports made with dirtier energy  or in more heavily polluting processes.
Will the Minister explain why the Government are delaying that until 2027, when the EU is introducing equivalent legislation a whole year earlier?
Will he speak urgently to ministerial colleagues about bringing that date forward, both to protect our industries and reduce our carbon footprint?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her support for the introduction of a carbon border adjustment mechanism.
This is to make sure that we do not have carbon leakage—to use the jargon—where carbon costs imposed on companies here lead to that production simply going abroad, with no betterment to the planet.
His Majesty’s Treasury takes the lead on this particular policy, but I will ensure that her sentiments are passed on to my Treasury colleagues.
Can my hon.
Friend confirm that, given all the questions about carbon accounting, sustainability and value for taxpayers’ money, the Government will not be guaranteeing Drax billions more in subsidies?
As my hon.
Friend knows, we will shortly be consulting on potential support arrangements to help facilitate the transition of large-scale biomass generation to power bioenergy with carbon capture and storage.
Power bioenergy with carbon capture and storage could deliver negative emissions to support our climate change targets and the UK’s energy security.
With permission, Madam Deputy Speaker, I will make a short business statement about an addition to this week’s business.
Following the announcement by my right hon.
Friend the Home Secretary that the Government intend to proscribe Hizb ut-Tahrir under the Terrorism Act 2000, the business on Thursday will now be:
Thursday 18 January —A motion to approve the  draft Terrorism Act 2000 (Proscribed Organisations) (Amendment) Order 2024, followed by a debate on a motion on the loan charge, followed by a debate on a motion on HS2 compensation.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.