Friend reassure me that we will regain that ground by pushing for more rapid development of a sensible nature, as the Finns have with their hole in the ground for storing nuclear waste?
Will he inform the House with which nuclear vendors the Department is engaging?
My hon.
Friend is right to refer to the proud history we have in this country when it comes to civil nuclear—the developments at Calder Hall led the world—and the deep geological disposal that is happening in Finland right now.
The plans in our nuclear road map will quadruple nuclear capacity by 2050.
We are making rapid progress on Sizewell C and the SMR competition.
We continue to work closely with countries such as Finland, with which I engage with regularly.
It has built and operates large-scale geological disposal facilities, and signed up to the COP pledge to triple nuclear capacity.
I welcome the Government’s commitment to SMRs, which are the way forward for the future of nuclear.
Sheffield Forgemasters is ideally placed to produce the essential parts for those reactors and has a memorandum of understanding with both Rolls-Royce and Hitachi.
Will the Minister meet the Mayor of South Yorkshire, Sheffield Forgemasters and others in the consortium?
The consortium now has access to significant development capital, so we can build the SMRs in South Yorkshire and create the thousands of well-paid jobs we want, as well as green energy.
I would be delighted to meet the Mayor of South Yorkshire.
Through the nuclear road map, we are committed not only to ensuring our energy security and achieving a further drive towards our net zero objectives, but to building up the supply chain and creating those high-wage, high-skilled jobs at all levels across the United Kingdom.
Of course I would be delighted to meet the Mayor of South Yorkshire and, indeed, anybody else who represents an area that wants to invest in this future and this great exciting moment for nuclear capacity.
I, too, am in favour of new nuclear; it is an important part of a balanced green energy mix.
Does the Minister share my concern that much of the investment in new nuclear in the UK is coming from overseas companies, and even the Governments of overseas countries, especially given that the emphasis is not just on reducing carbon emissions, but on energy security?
Would he perhaps consider other forms of renewable energy, such as tidal power,  for which the entire supply chain is British and which would be great for our economy as well as for tackling climate change?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
I hold a contrary position.
I am proud of the fact that this country is open to inward investment and, indeed, attracts attention from some of the biggest companies in the world to invest in our future energy security and net zero objectives.
Of course, in unveiling all these exciting announcements, as we did last week, at the heart of what we are seeking to achieve is to create those high-wage, high-skill jobs as we move forward across the United Kingdom, building up that supply chain, and tidal will be an important part of the mix as well.
I thank the Minister for that most progressive answer.
The progress made in nuclear safety and the need for clean energy clearly indicate that the Government must invest in the security of this sector.
That would lower energy costs and help us to meet our green targets, which we all want to meet and should meet.
Will the Minister outline what progress has been made to secure this investment?
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, just last week we unveiled our civil nuclear road map.