In recent years the UK state has steadfastly refused to acknowledge or honour that principle or the democratic wishes of the Scottish electorate.
According to the distinguished academic and legal practitioner in international law, Professor Robert McCorquodale,
“the people of Scotland are distinct within the UK and have a right to self-determination…And as the people of Scotland are a people for the purposes of the right to self-determination…the choice of the means to exercise it is for the people to decide and not for the state.”
These are not obscure or arcane points of law; they are precise and purposeful, and according to Professor McCorquodale such treaty obligations are
“binding under international law on all states”.
The question of whether the ancient nation of Scotland should be an independent country once again continues to be the subject of much debate.
In short, with current support sitting at 50% across the population and above 70% among younger people, the matter is far from settled.
It is entirely proper for any country to review such important matters because Scotland will only become independent as and when a majority of the people of Scotland choose that path.
This demands the use of a democratic mechanism that is constitutional and satisfies international legal precedent.
This Bill seeks to standardise and codify such a requirement in line with the motion passed by this House that endorsed the principles of the 1989 claim of right and acknowledged the sovereign right of the Scottish people to determine the form of government best suited to their needs.
At that time the claim of right was supported by every political party save the Tories.
In particular, Liberal Democrat MPs such as Ray Michie and Charles Kennedy were forthright in their support for the principle of Scottish sovereignty.
They were following a home rule tradition in that party which never for a second disputed Scotland’s right of self-determination, albeit they thought Scotland should choose a form of federalism rather than independence.
It would be unfortunate today if, having already deserted their historic commitment to the European cause, the Liberal Democrats were to follow that by deserting their historic commitment to respecting Scotland’s national rights.
This morning  the hon.
Member for Edinburgh West (Christine Jardine)  called this Bill, which favours neither one side nor the other, “divisive and unnecessary”, when it is anything but.
It is in fact both liberal and fundamentally democratic.
The effect of this Bill should be uncontroversial for every Member.
It merely establishes in law an equivalent mechanism to the principle already conceded by the UK Government in relation to a border poll in Northern Ireland.
First, it establishes that the power to legislate for a referendum requires a democratic mandate from the Scottish public to do so.
Since 2014 that criterion has been met in successive general elections to the Scottish Parliament, most recently in 2021 when a majority of MSPs were elected and a majority of votes were cast in favour of a manifesto commitment to deliver an independence referendum.
Secondly, the Bill states that no such referendum may be held any sooner than seven years after any previous such referendum.
Should Members of this Chamber deny Scotland her legitimate claim on self-determination, that will put beyond doubt that the voice of the people of Scotland is not welcome in this place and that a new approach must be considered.
This Bill offers both remedy and route.
It places the power to decide firmly where it belongs, in the hands of the people of Scotland, and it does so by transferring the power to hold a referendum on independence to the Scottish Parliament.
It is a parallel initiative to that being led by my Alba party colleague Ash Regan MSP in the Scottish Parliament.