There has been little, if any, investment in refinery capacity, because of the uncertainty of the future and the carbon taxes placed on it.
When will the Minister address that issue to ensure that we get the full benefit of the oil and gas that we extract from our shores?
Effectively, we are part of a European market.
Most of the gas that we produce is consumed in the United Kingdom, and most of our oil is refined elsewhere in Europe and contributes to European and UK energy security, as it is converted into product.
It is one joined-up market for historical reasons, and our refineries are used predominantly for oil that comes from abroad, as opposed to that which comes from the North sea.
These are multi-decadal investments, and as part of a managed decline in demand we will see refinery capacity reduced over time.
We are doing absolutely everything to do this in the most sensible manner possible, and it is a shame that Labour Members would have us import more.
They are all in favour of oil and gas jobs, so long as they are not in the UK, and they will bring in foreign imports from which we will get no jobs and no tax, with higher emissions.
It makes no sense, and only  the right hon.
Member for Doncaster North (Edward Miliband)  could champion such an insane policy.
What steps her Department is taking to help energy-intensive industries to decarbonise.
As chair of the all-party group on carbon capture, utilisation and storage, the hon.
Member will know that the Government have committed £20 billion to support the early development of carbon capture, usage and storage, and up to £500 million for the industrial energy transformation fund to help industry to decarbonise, with phase 3 opening shortly.
I welcome the investment in carbon capture—we just need to get on and make something happen there.
Teesside is home to some of the most energy-intensive industries in the country, but instead of attracting more of those industries, including primary steel making, we are seeing plants closed down and jobs lost because investors do not see any industrial strategy from the Government.
High energy costs mean that it is cheaper to import many of the goods that until now we have made at home.
Why are the Government content to see this managed decline, rather than back the kind of strategy that will protect existing industries and drive investment and job creation?
This Government invest throughout the country with our levelling-up agenda, but we have of course been investing in the steel industry, and we are mindful to ensure that we have the skills that will take us forward for those future requirements.
I call the shadow Minister.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Stockton North (Alex Cunningham)  was of course absolutely right: we have seen managed decline under this Government, with no coherent industrial strategy, total failure to get the grid connected where we need it, and different Departments giving mixed messages and providing complicated processes to access any support.
On top of all that, our industry has to pay twice as much on its energy bills compared with European competitors.
A recent report by UK Steel stated that our steel producers have to pay £117 million more per year on electricity, forcing the Government to deliver a subsidy through the supercharger, which in turn raises bills for everybody else.
Instead of such short-term policies, is it time for Labour’s industrial strategy, Labour’s grid reform and Labour’s mission to become a clean energy superpower, so that we can permanently cut bills for everyone, grow our economy and give Britain its future back?
This Government have demonstrated our commitment to help across the domestic and non-domestic sectors.
However, we also recognise the vital role that the steel sector plays in our economy.