I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question and his personal commitment to this area, but he knows as well as anyone the parlous performance of the previous Government, which his right hon.
Friend  the Member for Doncaster North (Edward Miliband)  was a leading figure in.
Less than 7% of our electricity came from renewables as recently as 2010.
It is this Government that have led the world after a flatlining in carbon emissions from our electricity sector under Labour.
We have seen renewables grow and, by October, we will see coal entirely removed from our mix.
I call the SNP spokesman.
New renewable energy generation demands new transmission infrastructure.
This Government have been asleep at the wheel for 14 years, showing zero pace, ambition or grip in delivering that energy infrastructure, and that is why bills are so high.
Nevertheless, we are where we are.
Will the Minister confirm to the House for the record what National Grid  has said: that UK Government policy is that when constructing new transmission infrastructure, overhead lines are the starting position?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
Of course, we have been moving at pace.
We have had the Winser review and the connections plan.
In the autumn statement and, indeed, the Prime Minister’s speech in September, there was so much to drive forward and change the transmission infrastructure, including halving the 14-year timeline to seven years.
We are working flat out.
It should be noted that the reason overhead lines are preferred is the cost of undergrounding.
Not only is it vastly disruptive, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for North Norfolk (Duncan Baker)  said; either undergrounding or offshore is five to ten times more expensive than having overhead infrastructure, and sometimes even more than that.
That is why it is the starting presumption.
We want to power Britain from Britain and in a low-cost manner, so that when we get to the 2030s and we have decarbonised our electricity system, we have a low-cost electricity system, while ensuring that we install the infrastructure in a way that is friendly and supportive to communities.
What recent assessment she has made of the potential merits of energy social tariffs.
The Government remain focused on providing help where people need it most.
We are already providing a package of support totalling over £104 billion, or £3,700 per household on average, from 2022 to 2025.
Last year, the Government promised action to help the most vulnerable with their energy bills.
In April 2023, the Secretary of State’s predecessor,  the right hon.
Member for Welwyn Hatfield (Grant Shapps) , said that
“a social tariff could be very helpful”.—[Official Report,  18 April 2023 ; Vol.
731, c. 111.]
Nearly a year on, we have heard absolutely nothing about a social tariff.
Will the Minister explain to the House why the Government have abandoned plans for a social tariff?
As the hon.
Member will know, we are continuing our support for vulnerable households, and it is important that we help households as best we can.
As an example, we have the £900 cost of living payments and the warm home discount payment.
Obviously, we will constantly monitor where we are and will ensure that we continue to support all those vulnerable households.
There is indeed a need for a social tariff, whether it is a cost of living crisis or a lack-of-wages crisis, given that the Resolution Foundation reported at the beginning of December that average wages across the UK were £10,700 lower than they should be compared with other comparable countries, following the past 15 years.
There probably is a lack-of-wages crisis hitting the UK.
Regardless, the Energy Security and Net Zero Committee said in our “Preparing for the winter” report, in paragraph 24:
“We urge the Government and energy suppliers to consider implementing a form of social tariff and other measures to protect vulnerable households from being cut off from their energy supplies.”