Friend knows, the floating offshore wind manufacturing investment scheme is providing up to £160 million to support investment in UK ports.
However, while FLOWMIS is still live, I am afraid I cannot comment on individual applications.
More than 15% of families in my constituency live in fuel poverty, with a median energy   efficiency score of just 65.
How much of the 2019 general election manifesto pledge to spend £9.2 billion on improving energy efficiency has gone on retrofitting existing properties and not on new builds?
I will have to write to the hon.
Member with the figure, but the Government remain firmly committed to new builds as well as to retrofitting.
Many Chelmsford residents have already switched to electric vehicles.
Those who live in houses with driveways pay just 5% VAT when they charge their cars at home, but those who live in terraced houses, who are often less well off, have to pay 20% VAT when they use a commercial charger.
I fully understand that tax is a matter for the Treasury Ministers, but does my right hon.
Friend agree that if we could level out this tax, we could make electric vehicles more affordable to all people and thus help with our transition towards a lower carbon economy?
As we make the transition, it is essential that we do so fairly, not least for those with less.
We have committed to keeping the transition to electric vehicles affordable for consumers, and we support innovations for those without a home charger such as cross-pavement cable channels and peer-to-peer charging schemes.
I know that my right hon.
Friend will continue to raise the VAT issue.
As she rightly said, all taxes, including VAT reliefs, are kept under review by the Chancellor.
The hospitality sector is very important to Chester.
Talking to the Chester business improvement district this morning, and following comments from chef Gary Usher, it is clear that the damaging impact of sky-high energy bills is still felt extremely significantly.
What hope can the Minister offer hard-pressed restaurateurs in Chester and across the country?
I am aware of the challenges facing all the industry.
I have ongoing talks with UKHospitality and other groups.
There are things that we can do, such as blend and extend, and we are looking at the brokers, and ensuring that third-party intermediaries are doing their jobs correctly.
Driving down to Parliament, I pass petrol stations.
In my constituency, prices were 136.9p and 137.9p.
However, at the service stations, they were 164.9p and 167.9p.
That is a massive difference, which the public just will not tolerate and want something to be done about it.
What will the Government do?
Road fuel prices are down for a second consecutive month.
Petrol prices are now at a level not seen since early October 2021, following our work to bring transparency to the market.
Today, we launched the consultation to require petrol stations to report real-time prices, which will mean that drivers can compare prices and get the best deal, and prices will fall through greater competition.
I am sorry to hear that the Secretary of State is ill, but could the Minister explain why she has taken money from Michael Hintze, funder of the Global Warming Policy Foundation, an organisation that peddles climate science denial?
Does he think that is appropriate?
I apologise for the Secretary of State not being here.
I will write to the hon.
Lady promptly in answer to her question.
Transparency is important in the development of the energy sector.
National Grid is refusing to publish its assessment of Bradwell as a potential landfall site for cables and interconnectors.
It must be logical to prioritise brownfield sites with existing connections to the electricity network.
Will my right hon.
Friend please require National Grid to publish fully its assessment so far?
When my right hon.
Friend thinks that something is important, she does not let it go.