That is why we are committed to all the policies we have introduced.
I listened very carefully to the answer the Minister gave to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Blaydon (Liz Twist) , but I am still none the wiser, so I will ask again: can the Minister set out what recent discussions she has had with the Welsh Government about the social tariff, which the previous Secretary of State described as “very helpful”?
Just to reiterate, I have been having conversations with all stakeholders, and when I say stakeholders, that does not just mean Citizens Advice or Disability Rights UK, but across Government and with different devolved Departments.
I am sure the Minister will agree that energy security and supporting the most vulnerable in fuel poverty go hand in hand.
The way to address security is by both securing supply and cutting waste.
Can she set out what the Government and her Department are doing to reduce the waste of energy from people’s homes?
I want to acknowledge how hard my hon.
Friend works for his constituents.
Of course those are the things we are most mindful of: making sure we get energy efficiency not only in production, but in the way we use that energy.
What recent discussions she has had with businesses on the Government’s net zero targets.
What recent discussions she has had with businesses on the Government’s net zero targets.
I meet regularly with business leaders and chair several groups bringing together Government and industry so that we can drive progress towards net zero.
That includes the Net Zero Council, which is meeting next week and includes members from right across the economy.
Like me, they are delighted that the UK is leading the world in tackling climate change.
We are the first major economy to halve its emissions, ahead of every other major economy, and we have one of the most ambitious decarbonisation targets in the world.
Contrary to what the Minister has just said, and to what he said about onshore wind, this country has fallen on his party’s watch to seventh in the world for attracting investment in renewables.
Well-paid jobs, lower bills and economic growth will all follow,  but only if we attract investment, so why are the Government enabling what EY has described as the “diminishing of green policies” and undermining the economic benefits of net zero?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question, which has a sort of comic element given Labour’s monumental failure to deliver renewables when it was in power, coupled with the fact that it wants to bring forward GB Energy.
That, as his left-wing colleague,  the hon.
Member for Cynon Valley (Beth Winter)  just said, would be public investment.
It would drive out private investment and destroy the transformation of the UK energy system that has happened under the Conservatives—it had flatlined under Labour.
We have led the world and have now decarbonised more than any other major economy on the planet.
Under the policies of this Conservative Government, which major world economy is predicted to decarbonise fastest by 2030?
This one.
If I may puncture the Minister’s rant, I would like to ask him what certainty his Government will give businesses.
We need a £23 billion combined investment from the public and private sectors, but because targets have been missed, that figure will need to double or treble every year between now and 2050, according to a Public Accounts Committee report.
The Government’s chopping and changing in delivering what they need to do is a big problem in businesses having the confidence to invest.
That has happened on his watch, so what is he doing to improve the situation?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question and for her work on the Committee in holding the Government to account.