Its activities are not restricted to what is happening overseas; it is engaged in activities on British soil against British citizens.
I know that there is a great deal of interest in that in all parts of the House.
As the hon.
Lady will know, the progress of the Rwanda Bill is subject to the House, and I shall make further business announcements in the usual way.
As a member of the Defence Committee, I know that it is an open secret that Iran is paymaster to, and helps to train, Hamas, Hezbollah and the Houthi rebels in Yemen—there is no doubt about that throughout the international intelligence community.
I warmly welcome the decision to proscribe Hizb ut-Tahrir.
However, given what I have just said, and given the action that we have taken against the Houthi rebels in order to maintain freedom of navigation on the seas, can the Leader of the House foresee any circumstances in which she could return to the House in the near future to make a similar announcement about proscribing the IRGC?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his very helpful question.
I know that this is an issue of great concern to many Members.
He will appreciate that the Home Secretary and the Government will want to make any future announcements in a timely way while also considering all the effects that such a course of action might bring about, not least to our ships and their insurance, but I shall ensure that the Home Secretary has heard what he has said.
Does the Scottish National party spokesperson wish to ask a question?
indicated dissent.
I call Kevin Brennan.
Given that the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee is not present and that the announcement has an impact on Thursday’s Backbench business, can the Leader of the House give us any information about the timing of the debate?
Will there be a timetable motion, as there would be if the business were taken in a Committee upstairs—probably allowing an hour and a half in normal circumstances—and why has the Leader of the House decided that it should be taken on the Floor of the House rather than upstairs?
I apologise to the Backbench Business Committee—I know that this will eat into its time on Thursday—but this is an important matter that we want to deal with swiftly, and we therefore felt that it was appropriate for it to be dealt with on the Floor of the House.
I thank the Leader of the House for the statement and welcome the intention to hold the debate on Thursday.
In response to  the right hon.
Member for Rayleigh and Wickford (Mr Francois) —a fellow member of the Defence Committee—the Leader of the House said that the Home Secretary would come back to the House “in a timely way”.
As the right hon.
Member highlighted, the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps supplies the Houthis, especially with drone materials, and it was also committing international action last night in northern Iraq.
Rather than talking of a “timely way,” many of us in the Defence Committee would say, “Time’s up.”
I wonder whether the Leader of the House could reinforce to the Home Secretary the fact that across the House there is a clamour to proscribe the IRGC at the soonest opportunity.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for that helpful question.
I will ensure that the Home Secretary has heard what he has said.
The actions that he has described are not new; I think that, on average, that organisation has been behind about 500 attacks during any recent year against international shipping and people going about their daily business, and, as I have said, it is also engaged in activities in the UK.
As a member of the Defence Committee, the hon.