Many children of Eastern Connecticut's servicemen and women had to contend with their parents being suddenly mobilized without explanation or words of good-bye. In response, Jerry coordinated field trips to Preston Farms free of charge to give those children a much-needed respite in the month immediately following the attacks. This episode truly epitomizes the selfless, bottom-up service approach which has defined Jerry's life. In 1978, Jerry began his municipal service in earnest through his being voted on to Preston's Democratic Town Committee. Little did he know at the time that this action would take him on a winding journey of advocacy. By 1982, Jerry served on the Planning and Zoning commission wherein he eventually became chair. Jerry's tenure in town politics oversaw a significant shift in the dynamic of southeast Connecticut living. In 1983, the Mashantucket Pequot Tribe received federal recognition and reservation rights which soon saw the development of the Foxwoods Resort Casino, causing a large increase in the number of visitors to the region. This increase in tourism necessitated enhanced infrastructure to accommodate the additional traffic. Under his chairmanship of the Planning and Zoning Commission, Jerry helped ensure development was executed in a balanced manner to avoid undue burden on area residents while still accommodating the increased travel. Jerry's advocacy for Preston only increased in 1995 when he successfully ran for the Board of Selectmen, ending his first term in 2009. In his early years on the Board, he continued to advocate for the needs of residents when weighing responses to the increased traffic caused by tribal economic development. In 2020, Jerry rejoined the Board and continues his service today. Mr. Speaker, I have known Jerry personally for over 30 years and consider myself immensely fortunate to call him a friend. Representing hardworking, good hearted constituents like Jerry Grabarek is an inspiration to me to stay focused on helping people which is his trademark. Amazingly Jerry continues to serve even as he surpasses 50 years of hard work for Preston and the southeast region. I ask that my colleagues join me in thanking Jerry for his decades of dutiful stewardship.