He will know   from that visit the impact that Treasury jobs are having locally, including an additional £80 million of spending in our local economy.
Does he agree with me that Darlington Economic Campus is a fantastic levelling-up project, ensuring that people can stay local but go far?
It was a great pleasure to visit my hon.
Friend and open the Darlington Building Society in his town, a very prominent business that is important for in-service banking facilities.
The Darlington campus is an important part of our Treasury levelling-up agenda and long may that continue.
More than 3 million households in the UK owe an estimated £2.7 billion in the unregulated buy now, pay later sector.
The Labour party has set out plans for urgent regulation of the sector.
Can the Minister confirm when the Government will do the same?
This is a complicated area of regulation and we are looking at it very closely.
The consultation closed in April and we are working on it because it is very important we get it right, but I hear the hon.
Lady’s concerns and will update the House in due course.
While the shadow Chancellor was busy scrolling through Wikipedia to copy and paste, the actual Chancellor has to look no further than the New Conservatives tax plan, which outlines scrapping the IR35 reforms, increasing the VAT registration threshold to £250,000, and delivering on the Prime Minister’s pledge when he was Chancellor to bring a 1p cut in income tax in 2024.
I thank my hon.
Friend for adding to the litany of options I have in front of me for the autumn statement.
What I can say to him is what I said in my party conference speech: we are committed to lowering the tax burden and will do so as soon as it is responsible to do so.
Some 28% of people in Chester have a mortgage and they are still bearing the burden of the Government’s disastrous mini-budget.
They deserve peace of mind that mortgage rates will come down soon, so what is the Chancellor going to do about it?
Can I say gently to the hon.
Lady that interest rates have gone up by 3% in the UK since then?
That is just above the United States and just below the eurozone, so this is a global phenomenon.
There is no short cut to bringing down interest rates.
We have to support the Bank of England as it bears down on inflation and then we can bring mortgage rates down.
Will the Chancellor look at the red tape around the apprenticeship levy?
Many businesses in my area, such as Asda, Amazon and DPD, all say that they want to take on more apprenticeships but that the red tape around how they spend the money is very difficult.
This is something that he could change overnight, and really help to grow and boost our economy.
I thank my hon.
Friend for drawing attention to the apprenticeship levy, which has been a tremendous success in bringing a rigour to technical qualifications that was not there before.
We are very open to reforms to the apprenticeship levy, providing they stick to the fundamental principle that any investment is not in in-house training that would otherwise have happened, but in transferrable, passport-able training that someone can take with them if they move to another business.
The NHS dental plan has been stuck in the Treasury for months, while my constituents are waiting years to see an NHS dentist.
When the Chancellor makes his autumn statement, will he also release the dental plan with the funding that is required so that we can get dental treatment back on track for our constituents?
I will not pre-empt what I am going to say next week, but I will say to the hon.