Since I spoke to the House last week, more British nationals and their families have left, and we will continue to offer all the support we can to those British nationals still in Gaza, so that they too can cross into Egypt.
As the House knows, we have more than doubled our aid to civilians in Gaza, committing £30 million, and we stand ready to do more.
For over a week, British flights carrying aid have been landing in Egypt, with shipments including life-saving items as well as the vital equipment that the Egyptian Red Crescent needs to be able to manage donations from across the world effectively.
We are also urging the Israeli Government to increase humanitarian access, including through Rafah and by opening up the Kerem Shalom crossing.
At this point we assess that land presently offers the most viable and safe way to get humanitarian aid into Gaza in the quantities needed, but we are also considering air and maritime options, including through our bases in Cyprus.
The Government have been clear that all parties to a conflict must afford civilians the protection that is their right under international law.
That includes respecting the sanctity of hospitals, so that doctors can continue to care for the sick and injured.
Events on  7 October  and Hamas’s subsequent statements have made it clear that they are a terrorist group who pose an existential threat to the very idea of an Israeli state.
Israel has a right to defend itself against this terrorist threat, to restore its security and to bring the hostages home, but there are things that Israel must do as part of its response.
We have impressed this on the Israeli Government: they must act within international law; they must take every precaution to minimise civilian casualties, limiting attacks to military targets; and they must stop extremist settler violence in the west bank.
At the same time, we should be under no illusions.
Hamas have chosen to embed themselves within the civilian population, and their willingness to sacrifice innocent Palestinians in this way only brings home their inhumanity.
Alleviating the suffering is our foremost priority.
We welcome any initiatives that would allow more aid to be delivered and hostages to be released.
We have therefore consistently called for humanitarian pauses.
Four-hour pauses in northern Gaza are an important first step, but longer pauses that cover wider areas will be needed.
We are discussing with the UN and other partners how best to achieve this.
We must avoid measures that serve only to benefit Hamas and allow them to entrench their position.
At the same time, we need all parties to the conflict to abide by any pause, allowing sufficient time and security for civilians to move and for aid to be delivered.
Responding to the immediate crisis is critical, but we also need to do more to create a new political horizon.
The whole House knows that only one answer has come close to creating peace in these troubled lands: a two-state solution.
I commend this statement to the House.
I call the shadow Foreign Secretary.
I thank the Minister for advance sight of his statement.
I would have liked to have started by welcoming the new Foreign Secretary to his place, but I cannot do so because he is not here.
Despite my respect for the Minister, he is not the Foreign Secretary.
We do not know when or how this House will hear from the Foreign Secretary because he is not a Member. [
Interruption.]
Order.
Mr Seely, are you going to be quiet?
Yes.
Right—in which case, the shadow Foreign Secretary may continue.
David Cameron is the seventh Foreign Secretary in seven years of Tory chaos.
He was forced to resign in failure over a matter of foreign policy.