My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight the benefits and importance of life sciences to the country.
We are genuinely a world leader: I was out in Boston in the United States seeing the other world-leading area for life sciences, and it is not a patch on ours.
That is why, as an example, we are looking to support life sciences through the investment zone programme, but, as I said, they are a key priority for the Chancellor as part of his growth agenda.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
As we have a debate this afternoon, I will limit my comments to welcoming my outstanding new colleagues.
The new Chief Secretary to the Treasury, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Sevenoaks (Laura Trott) , will brilliantly solve the problem of how we stop the state expanding, building on the work of her wonderful predecessor, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Salisbury (John Glen) .
The new Economic Secretary to the Treasury, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hitchin and Harpenden (Bim Afolami) , will single-handedly ensure that the City and stock market remain competitive, building on the superb foundations laid by his predecessor, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Arundel and South Downs (Andrew Griffith) .
The job of the new Financial Secretary to the Treasury, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mid Worcestershire (Nigel Huddleston) , will be to work out how to bring taxes down, following in the footsteps of his excellent predecessor, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Louth and Horncastle (Victoria Atkins) , who as Health Secretary will no doubt be trying to push them up.
There is widespread consensus that growth is essential to the economy.
With 800,000 fewer self-employed in the economy post covid and post IR35, does the Chancellor agree that increasing the VAT threshold to £250,000 for new registrations would boost growth and be a net gain in revenue terms in the  long run?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising the support we give to small businesses.
As he will know, supporting small businesses, particularly by rolling over   the retail, hospitality and leisure business rates discount of 75%, was a major feature of the autumn statement.
We will continue to keep under review anything that we can do to help our small businesses.
I call the shadow Chancellor.
I welcome all the new Ministers to their roles and wish them well in them.
The covid inquiry is uncovering unsavoury examples of Government mismanagement.
We already know that Ministers ignored warnings that their business loan schemes were vulnerable to organised crime, yet the Prime Minister left the vaults open to fraudsters.
Will the Chancellor update the House on the latest estimates of taxpayers’ money lost to fraud from the covid support schemes?
I am happy to tell the shadow Chancellor that as of September 2023, HMRC’s compliance effort on covid-19 support schemes, which started when the schemes were set up in spring 2020, had prevented the payment of or recovered the overpayment of more than £1.6 billion of grants.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for that answer, but according to the House of Commons Library’s most recent numbers, covid fraud losses total a staggering £7.2 billion—that is bigger than the fiscal headroom that he had in his spring Budget.
More stories are coming to light about companies with undeclared interests and personal protective equipment contracts not delivering to the standards required.
Ahead of the autumn statement, will he confirm that the Government have also had to write off more than £8.7 billion from pandemic PPE contracts?
Let me say two things.
First, we have no quarter with any incidence of fraud.
We have commenced 51 criminal investigations into suspected fraud cases and there have been a total of 80 arrests so far.