The green taxonomy will provide an important tool for enabling the supply of relevant and reliable sustainability information for the market, and information will come in due course.
One of the things that concern Northern Ireland MPs is the fact that when it comes to defence jobs and getting contracts, Northern Ireland falls behind.
The Minister will be aware that Thales, on the border of my constituency,  was recently able to secure its workforce.
What steps can he take to ensure that each region of the United Kingdom, but especially Northern Ireland, can benefit from defence spending for the workforce?
We can do the job the same as everywhere else; we just need the opportunity.
I thank the hon.
Member for his question, which is incredibly important.
As he knows, this Government are absolutely committed to ensuring that jobs in the defence sector, within an ESG framework, are protected.
I am happy to meet him to discuss further the issues relating to his constituency and Northern Ireland.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of inflation on the ability of graduates to repay student loans.
Tuition fees have been frozen for 2023-24 and 2024-25, which will help affordability for future graduates.
For new graduates, interest rates will move with the retail prices index but will have nothing added.
I thank the Minister for that response but, of course, interest rates have made matters much more difficult for graduates, who cannot afford to both pay off their student loan and buy their own property.
Is there anything further that the Government can do to help graduates, who are struggling to do both?
One of the things we could do is raise the threshold at which they start to pay back the loans.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
The most important thing we can do is bear down on inflation, because that will bear down on interest rates, which affect us all.
I would also point to the cost of living support that the Department for Education is providing for students.
I would be happy to discuss the matter with him further.
What recent assessment he has made of the implications for his policies of the economic growth rate.
Our policies are increasing economic growth, as the Office for Budget Responsibility confirmed following last year’s autumn statement and the spring Budget, but the only way to secure higher, sustainable, long-term growth is to bring down inflation.
The OBR judged the Chancellor’s last Budget to have no overall long-term impact on the level of potential productivity.
Does he expect the OBR to make a similar judgment of his next Budget?
I remind the hon.
Gentleman of what the OBR actually said about the spring Budget:
“the overall impact on GDP is around 0.2 per cent in 2027-28.
This is the largest upward revision we have made to potential output within our five-year forecast as a result of fiscal policy decisions taken by a Government”.
Economic growth in northern Lincolnshire will be severely impacted if changes go ahead at British Steel’s Scunthorpe works, which will result in redundancies and a massive impact on the supply chain.
Will my right hon.
Friend give an assurance that the Government will not proceed with any support for those changes until a full economic assessment of the impact on the local area has been carried out?
I thank my hon.
Friend and, indeed, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Scunthorpe (Holly Mumby-Croft)  for their extensive lobbying on this very important issue.
I have had meetings with him and her, and with many others, to discuss it.
I reassure him that we are absolutely committed to steel production in the United Kingdom, and to making sure that any changes that are necessary support the local communities that depend on steel production.
I call the shadow Minister.
I welcome the Chief Secretary to the Treasury,  the hon.
Member for Sevenoaks (Laura Trott)  to her place.