I call the shadow Minister.
I welcome the Chief Secretary to the Treasury,  the hon.
Member for Sevenoaks (Laura Trott)  to her place.
I look forward to holding her to account.
Last month, the Chancellor’s National Infrastructure Commission said that in order to unlock the billions of pounds of private investment that is available to get our economy growing, we need a Government who can “make good decisions, fast.”
Why does the Chancellor think his Government have been making bad decisions slowly for quite so long?
It might help the hon.
Gentleman if I tell him some of the facts on infrastructure.
Since we made some reforms to the asset pooling framework in 2015, UK and global infrastructure investment by pension funds has grown from £1 billion to around £27 billion, and the Solvency 2 reforms could potentially unlock a further £100 billion-worth of investment.
That, Mr Speaker, was a list of very slow decisions still being badly taken.
The Labour party has a raft of plans available to help drive economic growth and investment in every corner of our country, from speeding up the grid to accelerating planning for critically important infrastructure.
Today, I am making them available to the Chancellor for free.
Would he like them, or would he rather call a general election?
Unfortunately, nothing is free from the Labour party.
Funding plans by increasing borrowing by £28 billion a year leads to higher bills for families, higher energy prices and higher mortgages.
What steps his Department is taking to encourage pension schemes to invest in the UK.
What steps his Department is taking to encourage pension schemes to invest in the UK.
While we are basking in those questions, would somebody like to answer them?
In my speech at Mansion House in July, I announced reforms to boost pensions, increase investment in UK businesses, and improve UK capital market competitiveness.
Those reforms could result in over £1,000 a year of additional retirement income and unlock £75 billion-worth of investment in high-growth businesses.
Many local authorities have given the investment managers for their pension funds a mandate to invest in infrastructure.
What plans does my right hon.
Friend have to encourage greater infrastructure investment by UK public sector pension funds?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his interest in this issue—of course, he has great experience of local government.
Working with the former Economic Secretary to the Treasury, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Arundel and South Downs (Andrew Griffith) , who I see is in the Chamber, we announced major reforms in July to help local government pension funds lead the way in the transformation we are looking for, in particular by sending a direction that they should invest in pools worth more than £50 billion.
That will make it easier for them to have the expertise necessary to invest in infrastructure.
I welcome the proposals that my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor made in his Mansion House speech, which will increase investment in the United Kingdom.
In his upcoming autumn statement, I implore him to build on his Budget announcement with a policy that was originally advocated for in a paper by the Adam Smith Institute, a think-tank I am proud to be patron of, as is set out in my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
I implore him to make full expensing permanent and to scrap the hated factory tax.
I have a very small bone to pick with my right hon.
Friend, because when I became Chancellor I was hoping to say that I was the first Chancellor who was once an entrepreneur, but he pipped me to the post.
However, he is absolutely right to say how important it is to have competitive business investment taxes.
I was very proud in the spring Budget to introduce full expensing for three years, which gives us some of the most competitive business taxes in the OECD.