As the hon.
Member has already heard from the Chancellor, the economy is still growing.
The latest labour market data shows that incomes are going up at a higher rate than inflation, so I do not recognise the picture that he paints.
What assessment he has made of the financial position of households during winter 2023-24.
The Government continue to stand by households with one of Europe’s largest support packages, amounting to some £3,300 a household on average across 2022-23 and 2023-24.
The Minister will be aware that a big concern for rural constituencies is the cost of fuel.
The RAC has found that the margin enjoyed by the big supermarkets on fuel sales in October was double the figure for the year to date at 14p per litre.
That reflects concerns raised by the Competition and Markets Authority that although wholesale fuel prices fell in September and October, retail prices did not.
What is the Treasury’s assessment of the impact that these higher margins will have on households in the coming winter?
Fuel duty is a major cost for households and businesses.
We recognise that.
That is why in the spring Budget 2023, the Chancellor extended the 5p temporary duty cut.
That was a £5 billion saving for motorists, worth £100 for the average motorist, but we always keep these things under review.
What steps he is taking to support economic growth in Essex.
As my right hon.
Friend knows, the Government are committed to supporting economic growth all over the country, but particularly in the wonderful county of Essex.
The recently announced £1.1 billion long-term plan for towns will, for example, provide £20 million of flexible funding over 10 years to Clacton, and there are many other measures.
I welcome my hon.
Friend to his new role.
I hope that he will know not only that the only way is Essex, but that Essex is a net contributor to the Treasury.
We want more economic growth in Essex.
In a week’s time, we will have the autumn statement, so may I give a message to those on the Treasury Front Bench?
May I appeal to the Chancellor in particular to look at lowering the rates of personal and business taxation, particularly the areas of business rates, corporation tax and all aspects to do with enabling people to keep more of the money they earn?
My right hon.
Friend tempts me to make tax policy.
What I will say to her is that she will know that the Chancellor always keeps these things under review, as do the Government.
Indeed, we have a fiscal event shortly.
Can I ask the Minister why he said he wants particularly to support investment and growth in Sussex? [
Interruption.]
Is that the Tories reverting to type in terms of the blue wall?
Order.
I think it was Essex, not Sussex.
They are all the same to me.
Have you got a question?
I do not think an answer is needed.
What fiscal steps he is taking to support the growth of the life sciences sector.
Life sciences are one of the Chancellor’s key growth priority areas.
In May, he announced a significant new policy package, backed by more than £650 million of funding, reaffirming the Government’s commitment to supporting a thriving life sciences industry.
I thank my hon.
Friend for that answer.
Life sciences are incredibly important, so will he focus investment on them in projects such as BioYorkshire on the edge of my constituency, which brings together private, public and academic institutions for huge benefits right across the board?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight the benefits and importance of life sciences to the country.
We are genuinely a world leader: I was out in Boston in the United States seeing the other world-leading area for life sciences, and it is not a patch on ours.