I do not welcome the fact that the assets, including 90% of the operating company and tens of millions of pounds of scrap, have been handed over by the Tees Valley Mayor to two private companies, whose owners are laughing all the way to the bank.
Is that really good value for taxpayers’ money?
I think these claims have been addressed by the Mayor, and I will not have anything further to say about them.
What fiscal steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help support households in fuel poverty.
The Government have taken significant action to help households with rising energy prices and the costs of living by providing one of the largest packages of support in Europe, totalling £94 billion.
Orkney and Shetland have the worst rates of fuel poverty of anywhere in the country.
Provisional figures show that, for last winter, both Orkney and Shetland recorded record levels of winter mortality.
In his new office, will the Minister bring his colleagues together from across Government to hear from agencies such as THAW—Tackling Household Affordable Warmth —in Orkney that are working to tackle fuel poverty, because if we can tackle fuel poverty in Orkney and Shetland, we can tackle fuel poverty?
We are incredibly sympathetic to the right hon.
Gentleman’s constituents, who have suffered a very difficult time.
That is why we introduced the energy price guarantee, which will remain in place until March 2024 as a safety net.
We continue to engage with lots of stakeholders and we are very happy to include the ones he suggests.
What steps his Department is taking to support homeowners with their mortgages.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential impact of changes in mortgage interest rates over the course of this Parliament on household incomes.
The path to lower mortgage rates, as everybody in this House knows, is through lower inflation, which is why the Prime Minister and the Chancellor made halving inflation one of our five priorities for this year.
The latest Bank of England forecast shows that we are on track for that.
In June, lenders representing more than 90% of the mortgage market agreed to our new mortgage charter, which includes new flexibilities to help customers manage their repayments, backed up by UK Finance’s advertising campaign encouraging anyone worried about their repayments to contact their lender.
Does the Minister agree that the best way we can help the next generation of homeowners is to increase the supply of homes, bring back the help to buy ISA and stop the 35-year mortgage shared-ownership models, which only increase house prices?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
On his first point, we are increasing the number of homes and we are optimistic that we will reach our target of delivering 1 million new homes over this Parliament.
Secondly, the help to buy ISA was closed to  new accounts in 2019, but existing holders can continue to save into their accounts.
On his third point about stopping 35-year mortgages, it is important to have choice in the market and for people to make those choices for themselves.
As a Government we are committed to supporting people doing just that.
According to the Centre for Economics and Business Research, mortgage increases are expected to cost UK households £9 billion this year and next.
How on earth do the Government defend that?
As the hon.
Member knows, the reason why we are in this position is that there is a global phenomenon.
We are doing what we can.
We are working closely with the Bank of England and, over time, due to the policies of the Chancellor, the Prime Minister and this Government, interest rates will come down.
I welcome  the hon.
Member for Mid Worcestershire (Nigel Huddleston)  to his post as Financial Secretary.
It has been a year since the Conservatives crashed the economy.