When it comes to homelessness, we are investing £2 billion over the next three years.
Rough sleeping is down 35% since its peak.
I refer Members to my entry in the Register of Member’s Financial Interests.
The Chancellor has acknowledged that investment trusts, which make up one third of all FTSE 250 companies, are being plagued by misguided cost disclosure legislation, which is making them appear unduly expensive.
That is restricting investment and does not happen in any other country.
In addition to  the positive dialogue between us and with the Financial Conduct Authority, will he consider supporting the   First Reading of Baroness Altman’s private Member’s Bill in the other place next week, which helps to address this issue?
Will he also address it in his autumn statement?
I welcome my hon.
Friend’s expertise in this area, which is of great benefit to the House and to me as I consider fiscal measures.
As we are so close to the autumn statement, I would say that the way that we treat costs in our investment and pension funds industries is not optimal, and we need to reform it.
A short time after the former Chief Secretary to the Treasury, the right hon.
Member for Salisbury (John Glen), said he was “alarmed” by the amount of tax people are paying, he was out of a job.
Was he sacked for highlighting the Government’s tax burden, the highest for 70 years?
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Salisbury (John Glen)  did an excellent job and we all salute his brilliant work.
If he were here now, he would remind the hon.
Gentleman that we have the lowest tax burden of any European country in the G7.
I know that the Chancellor is aware of just how important the whisky industry is to the economy of rural Scotland.
It was very disappointing that the policy of a duty freeze was not continued in the Budget.
Can he offer any reassurance that we will return to the policy of duty freeze in the autumn statement, and in next year’s Budget?
We are incredibly supportive of the Scotch whisky industry.
In fact, the Scotch Whisky Association was my first meeting in post.
In nine out of 10 previous fiscal events we either cut or froze duty on whisky, and we have acted to remove punitive tariffs on Scotch whisky in the US market.
It will not be a surprise to my right hon.
Friend that all taxes remain under review and he will not have long to wait until the next fiscal event.
Banks are taking advantage of higher interest rates to make bumper profits.
A new poll shows that people have had enough, with big support for a one-off windfall tax on bank profits, yet the Government have chosen to slash the surcharge on bank profits.
Is it not time for a windfall tax on excess bank profits to help people who are hit hard by this crisis?
There are two things I would say in response to that.
First, it is important, when we talk about banks, that we have a globally broadly competitive tax regime, and we do not apologise for that in the Treasury.
Secondly, the hon.
Gentleman should bear in mind that the reduction he talks about in terms of the levy on banks was offset by rising corporation tax.
I thank the Exchequer Secretary to the Treasury, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Grantham and Stamford (Gareth Davies)  for his recent visit to Darlington, where he opened a new branch of Darlington Building Society.
He will know   from that visit the impact that Treasury jobs are having locally, including an additional £80 million of spending in our local economy.
Does he agree with me that Darlington Economic Campus is a fantastic levelling-up project, ensuring that people can stay local but go far?
It was a great pleasure to visit my hon.