My hon.
Friend, who I know very well—I have visited his constituency in a former life—makes very good points.
He is a doughty champion for Bexley.
He follows in the famous footsteps of James Brokenshire, who we all miss and who was my boss at the Home Office for a long period.
I am happy to discuss the issues he raises further.
He makes an interesting point about funding going in a particular way.
It would be wrong of me to make first-day commitments at the Dispatch Box, but I will take his point away and get officials to look at it with interest, and I am happy to discuss it further.
The hon.
Member for Putney set out the history of Hammersmith bridge in some detail.
She is right that it is a grade II listed suspension bridge, opened in 1887, and has served generations of Londoners very well for some considerable time.
However, there are a few of her points with which I would gently take issue.
First, let us go to the basics: the bridge is not owned by the Government; it is owned by the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham.
It is not the responsibility of the Government.
Even if people had listened to quite a lot of the speech, they may not have picked that up.
The responsibility for maintaining the bridge and making decisions on its repair lies with the borough.
It is unfortunate that the bridge had to close, first to motor vehicles in 2019 and then to all users in 2020.
The reason, as we know, was that the safety of those using the bridge was deemed to be of the utmost priority.
The assertion was made that the Government have done nothing.
I respectfully invite the hon.
Lady to accept that the Government have provided nearly £10 million of funding to support the London borough, to ensure that there is remedial work and assistance on an ongoing basis.
I set that out to try to correct the record.
Following the complete closure of the bridge in 2020, the DfT provided £4 million of taxpayers’ money, which enabled a comprehensive investigation into the overall structure and condition of the bridge.
Through this investment, world-leading engineers worked to develop a complete picture of the issues that faced the bridge.
The works determined the bridge to be in better condition than first feared, leading to the bridge reopening on a temporary and controlled basis to pedestrians, cyclists and river traffic.
The Department for Transport has worked closely with the London Borough of Hammersmith  and Fulham and with Transport for London to help facilitate the reopening of the bridge to all users.
In that vein, DfT established the Hammersmith bridge taskforce, which was led by the Transport Minister, Baroness Vere, as the hon.
Lady outlined.
The taskforce was set up in 2019 and has had many, many meetings—well over 15—since, and it was instrumental in providing a forum for interested stakeholders to work together to develop a clear course of action to resolve the immediate safety concerns around the bridge.
I know the hon.
Lady has called for a further meeting of the taskforce.
I want to try to address that.
I assure her that when we are in a position to hold a further taskforce meeting, it will be to discuss issues of significance or change for the project, therefore ensuring that it remains a good use of stakeholders’ time.
However, she will be aware that we have been waiting for the business case to be submitted and that is clearly the key part.
The commitment to this project by the DFT has not stopped at the initial £4 million support provided to the authority.