Does he agree that the way to achieve that peace and a two-state solution is to back a political solution with an immediate bilateral ceasefire, explicitly contingent on both parties adhering to it, so that if one party breaks the ceasefire, a military operation remains on the table?
The hon.
Lady is entirely right about the importance of a political solution.
She knows the position of the Government and Members on the Opposition Front Bench on the issue of ceasefires, but I hope she will draw some comfort from the emphasis on extended pauses that we are now seeing.
On the politics, I remind her that the great progress that was made at Oslo, which brought things so tantalisingly close, took place on the back of the first intifada.
Every right thinking person wants to see an end to fighting and a durable peace for Palestinians and Israelis, but Hamas have made absolutely clear that there will be no such peace so long as the state of Israel continues to  exist.
Will my right hon.
Friend say a bit more about what has been happening at the Al-Shifa Hospital and other hospitals in Gaza?
Has he seen the reports and the footage circulating of Hamas fighters using those hospitals as bases for operations, putting civilians’ lives at risk?
My right hon.
Friend, who knows a great deal about these matters, is correct.
Hamas have made clear that they do not seek a ceasefire and indeed seek to repeat the awful events of  7 October .
As far as the Al-Shifa Hospital is concerned, he, like me, will have seen the horrific pictures on television last night, and I referred specifically to the awful effects on babies that were displayed.
Recently, several United Nations experts gave a dire warning to the world, stating they believed that
“the Palestinian people are at grave risk of genocide”,
and that the time is now “running out” to prevent such a tragedy.
Furthermore, they made it clear that Israel’s allies share the responsibility for that and must act now to prevent a genocide from taking place.
Given those warnings, will the Minister finally stand with 76% of the British public and call for an immediate ceasefire in Gaza?
We will continue to focus on the importance of humanitarian pauses, but also try to make sure that, when the opportunity of a pause presents itself, we are able to get critical humanitarian supplies to those in desperate need.
Away from the horror of Israel and Gaza, there is an unfolding tragedy on the west bank, with the killing of well over 100, getting on for 200, Palestinians by settlers and the Israel Defence Forces.
In his statement, my right hon.
Friend rightly urged Israel to provide protection from them.
If the state of Israel declines to do so and the killings continue, would he consider the intervention of a UN peacekeeping force to keep the peace in that part of the world?
We have condemned the settler violence without qualification.
On the work of the United Nations, there will be many opportunities in the future, I hope, and we will neglect none of them.
I share what the Minister has said about the humanitarian tragedy that we are witnessing all the time on our televisions.
We must try to unlock a process towards peace, and the issue of the hostages is key to that.
What steps has he taken so far and what further steps will be taken by the new Foreign Secretary to ensure that the hostages are brought home?
I really believe that that could unlock the route to peace.
I thank the right hon.
Lady for her comments.
She has spoken movingly and with great expertise and humanity about this situation both on the media and in the House.
If she will forgive me, we cannot give a running commentary on what we are doing to try to recover the hostages.