I assure her that when we are in a position to hold a further taskforce meeting, it will be to discuss issues of significance or change for the project, therefore ensuring that it remains a good use of stakeholders’ time.
However, she will be aware that we have been waiting for the business case to be submitted and that is clearly the key part.
The commitment to this project by the DFT has not stopped at the initial £4 million support provided to the authority.
In the most recent TfL extraordinary funding and financing settlement of August 2022, we committed to funding up to one third of the costs shared with the borough and TfL of reopening the bridge to pedestrians, cyclists and river traffic, and then, depending on costs, to buses and motor vehicles.
The first part of this commitment has already been delivered.
In March 2022, the Department for Transport approved the business case from the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham for the stabilisation works on the bridge, which in turn triggered the release of a further £3 million of Government funding.
These works will ensure that the bridge remains open to pedestrians, cyclists and river traffic permanently, with no risk of further temporary closures due to unsafe conditions.
I am pleased to say that those works are due to complete very early in the new year and will provide certainty to the pedestrians and cyclists of Barnes, Hammersmith, Fulham, Richmond and beyond that this link across the Thames will remain open.
Most recently, as all parties will be aware, the Department for Transport provided the borough with a further £2.5 million for the crucial geotechnical investigations now being carried out at Hammersmith bridge, which will pave the way for the next stage of the works.
This brings the total amount of Government funding to the bridge to date of up to nearly £10 million.
That is exceptional funding.
The next stage of the project is to strengthen the core and renovate other structurally significant parts of the bridge.
The strengthening phase of engineering works will build on stabilisation works and, upon completion, will allow the bridge to reopen to all users.
That should include buses and motor vehicles.
Following close co-operation with TfL and the Department, the borough has now developed and submitted a His Majesty’s Treasury Green Book outline business case for the second stage of the works to the Department for Transport, setting out the estimated cost range for strengthening the bridge.
The Department is reviewing that outline business case in great detail.
It was submitted in on  23 April , as I understand it, so clearly that is an ongoing process.
The hon.
Member for Putney asked about the HS2 project and the funding related to it, but no decisions have been made regarding reallocation of funds.
The hon.
Member for Richmond Park (Sarah Olney)  also raised the local implementation plan.
It is true that Transport for London provides formula funding to London boroughs for transport projects, but its budget for bridge projects is just over £2 million, to be shared between 33 boroughs.
That is obviously insufficient to fund this project.
I wish to inform the House that I have received a letter from  the hon.
Member for North Dorset (Simon Hoare) , informing me of his resignation as Chair of the Northern Ireland Affairs Committee.
I therefore declare the Chair vacant.
I will announce the arrangements for the election of a new Chair in due course.
I would also like to draw Members’ attention to the fact that the book for entering the private Members’ Bills ballot is now open.
It will be open until the House rises today and while the House is sitting tomorrow.