Secondly, has the Foreign Office’s overseas judicial assistance assessment increased since  7 October —yes or no?
My hon.
Friend asks me about the position on fuel.
Fuel is desperately needed today—it is going to run out.
The United Nations has been accessing dirty fuel, but now that is at an end and we are incredibly worried about the situation.
We are talking to the key American humanitarian intervenor, Mr Satterfield, about this.
We are working diplomatically to do everything we can to make sure that the position on fuel is addressed, as we have been doing since I last updated the House.
I did not catch the first part of my hon.
Friend’s final question, so I will write to her on that point.
I call the spokesperson for the Scottish National party.
I thank the Minister of State for prior sight of his statement, but here we are on day one of the new FCDO regime and already we see the absurdity of having a Foreign Secretary who is unable to come to speak in this Chamber to elected Members at a time of grave international crisis.
The Minister is right to highlight the appalling loss of life in Gaza, particularly among children and aid workers.
Sadly, there is little sign of that ending soon as the bombardment intensifies.
He is also right to say that a humanitarian crisis is unfolding.
A couple of weeks ago, I asked the previous Secretary of State whether he had been made aware, or had reasonable grounds to believe, that Israel had breached international humanitarian law in its response to the atrocities of  7 October .
He steadfastly refused to answer that question, so I ask the Minister the same question.
If he has, what representations has he made to the Israeli Government and what response has he had?
There can only be a political solution to this crisis, and one has to be found before the entire region is engulfed.
That is why a ceasefire is essential: to end the unprecedented levels of killing and destruction, allow full humanitarian access, secure the release of the hostages and find a political solution that does not include Hamas.
Four-hour pauses are not the answer.
Can we expect the new Foreign Secretary to change tack and support our calls for an immediate and unconditional ceasefire, so that there is space for that political solution to be found?
Tomorrow, the House should have an opportunity to show its support for a ceasefire.
I and every one of my SNP colleagues will be there to support an immediate ceasefire, and I would expect Labour party Members from Scotland to be in the Lobby with us.
Without justice, there can be no peace, this horrific cycle of violence will continue and more Israeli and Palestinian lives will be lost.
The hon.
Gentleman underlines the loss of life and the causes of it.
He knows our position on a ceasefire—it is a position shared by Members on the Opposition Front Bench—and he also knows the absolute commitment we have to try to drive forward pauses.
They must be safe pauses for the delivery of humanitarian relief, but he knows of our commitment on that.
The hon.
Gentleman asks me about humanitarian law.
Robert Mardini, the director general of the International Committee of the Red Cross, has made clear that Gaza hospitals, treating hundreds of wounded people, cannot be targeted under any circumstances.
The hon.
Gentleman will know that the ICRC is the guardian of international humanitarian law and the Geneva convention, and Robert Mardini has said:
“Hospitals are to be absolutely protected at all times.”
Finally, the hon.
Gentleman makes a point about a political solution.
I draw his attention to my final comments in my statement, about how we have to focus on that and on the two-state solution, and about the need for hope and opportunity to drive forward the politics in this dreadful situation.
rose—
Order.