Lady for her comments.
She has spoken movingly and with great expertise and humanity about this situation both on the media and in the House.
If she will forgive me, we cannot give a running commentary on what we are doing to try to recover the hostages.
I hope that she will accept my word that we are doing everything, across Government and internationally, to try to get them home as soon as we can.
The director of the FBI has said that Hamas pose the greatest security risk to the United States and the west since ISIS a decade ago.
Does the Minister of State agree with that assessment, and what are the Government doing to work with our international partners to reduce that threat both in the region and here at home?
The threat of Hamas, which my right hon.
Friend sets out very clearly, is undoubtedly true.
It is part of Israel’s legitimate position that it can exercise its right to self-defence and go after the dreadful terrorists who perpetrated that awful act.
Thousands of innocent men, women and children have been killed and thousands more wounded in this conflict over the past month.
As the ground operation and bombing campaign intensifies, as encircled hospitals run out of power and medicine, as babies are left to die outside their incubators, and as more than 2 million Palestinians remain trapped in a never-ending humanitarian nightmare, does the Minister agree that the international community must protect civilians?
If he does, why will the Government not join me in pressing for an immediate ceasefire to end the bloodshed, allow desperately needed aid to reach those most in need, and create space for meaningful negotiations and a peaceful resolution?
The hon.
Gentleman speaks with great passion and eloquence on this matter in the House.
I can do no better than repeat what the Prime Minister said last night in his speech at Mansion House.
He said that Israel
“must take all possible measures to protect innocent civilians, including at hospitals”.
My right hon.
Friend and his shadow have spoken of hospitals.
I have to tell him that there is now video evidence of suicide vests, rocket-propelled grenades, motorcycles used to kidnap Israelis to Gaza, nappies, and chairs with rope to hold hostages being found in the basement of the Al-Rantisi Hospital in Gaza.
The hospital was obviously used by Hamas as a command centre and is believed to have held Israeli hostages.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that using hospitals in this way as places to imprison hostages and keep weapons is an outrageous breach of international law?
Yes.
Gaza was facing a humanitarian crisis before  7 October .
The Government cut funding to UNRWA from £50 million to £10 million.
The clock is ticking.
Hospitals are running out of fuel, food and water supplies are almost depleted, and until a large-scale humanitarian operation is in place, many more people will needlessly die.
Will the Minister update us on what progress the Government have made to secure a humanitarian resolution through the UN Security Council?
We are working night and day for humanitarian access.
On the subject of support for UNRWA, we increased aid very substantially, as the  hon.
Lady knows, before  7 October .
Since then, we have allocated £30 million of humanitarian aid and we will do more if it is required.
Several hundred of my constituents have written to me deeply concerned about the loss of civilian life and wanting the fighting to stop, which we all want.
Last week, my right hon.
Friend called for Israel to take measures to protect civilians.
I said that we needed to see Israel take such measures, but civilians have continued to die, especially in hospitals.
Please can he double down on that request to Israel to take measures to protect civilians?
Mr Speaker, if I may, in the meantime in Sudan—
Order.