We must not give up on the narrow openings that keep the prospect of peace alive.
That means preventing escalation, condemning violence from settlers in the west bank, condemning rocket attacks on Israel from Iran’s proxies in Lebanon and elsewhere, and creating a future where Gaza is not subject to occupation.
Meanwhile, international diplomacy evolves and the facts on the ground are changing day to day, in relation to both hostages being rescued and Hamas’s capability to carry out attacks such as we saw on  7 October .
As the Leader of the Opposition set out to Chatham House, we must move to a full
“cessation of fighting as quickly as possible...the reality is that neither the long-term security of Israel nor long-term justice for Palestine can be delivered by bombs and bullets.”
We must seek a path to a political process that leads to two states, a secure Israel and an independent Palestine.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his comments, and perhaps I should start by addressing those about the Foreign Secretary.
Having a former Prime Minister and party leader as our Foreign Secretary, wherever one sits in this House, must be a plus.
They will be able to exert British influence and policy highly effectively overseas, and I greatly welcome the appointment of Lord Cameron to the position of Foreign Secretary.
As the House will know, he is an extremely experienced parliamentarian, and I have no doubt whatsoever that the House, the Foreign Office and the Government will gain enormously from his presence.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked me whether I will commit to working closely with you, Mr Speaker, and of course there is only one answer to that question.
That wasn’t much reassurance, was it? [
Laughter.]
In addition, I will seek to ensure the fullest possible accountability, as you set it out, Mr Speaker.
The right hon.
Gentleman speaks of the scale of death and misery.
All deaths of civilians are to be profoundly regretted.
He talked about the scenes from the Al-Shifa Hospital, which will have shocked every Member of this House.
He, like me, will be aware that 102 humanitarian workers, who placed their lives in jeopardy to support their fellow human beings, have lost their lives.
He asks me about the ICC.
It is not for me to fetter or speak in the place of its chief prosecutor, but the right hon.
Gentleman will know that he has spoken and will do so again.
The right hon.
Gentleman called for the hostages to be released, and I hope that everyone in this House will echo that.
He said that Hamas are terrorists and suggested that some do not recognise that.
I agree with him and hope that every Member of the House will make it clear that Hamas are terrorists.
A dreadful pogrom took place on  7 October , where more Jewish people lost their lives in a day than at any time since the holocaust, and that piece of information is fundamental to our appreciation of the events to which he referred.
I call the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee.
As of today, I am informed that no more aid will reach Gaza, not because it cannot get to the Rafah crossing or because it is piling up in Egypt, but because the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees has no fuel left and so the aid cannot be redistributed.
So although I really appreciate the Government looking at maritime and air efforts, and, crucially, at the need to open a second aid crossing to the west bank, there is no point—it is futile—unless we get the fuel to the UN.
Will my right hon.
Friend reassure me as to what is being done to change that situation?
Secondly, has the Foreign Office’s overseas judicial assistance assessment increased since  7 October —yes or no?
My hon.
Friend asks me about the position on fuel.