I said that we needed to see Israel take such measures, but civilians have continued to die, especially in hospitals.
Please can he double down on that request to Israel to take measures to protect civilians?
Mr Speaker, if I may, in the meantime in Sudan—
Order.
I have asked everybody to be brief so that other people can get in.
We should not be driven by self-centred behaviour.
My right hon.
Friend makes a most important humanitarian point and she may rest assured that the Government are seized of it.
France’s President Macron has called for a ceasefire, joining other European nations such as Spain, Norway, Portugal and Ireland, as well as the UN Secretary-General.
Securing a negotiated ceasefire—one that is binding on all sides—will require a huge diplomatic effort, so is it not time for our Government to add their weight to the push for a ceasefire, rather than dismissing out of hand a proposal that has growing international support?
The hon.
Member will know that, in order to have a ceasefire, we need both parties to agree to it.
Hamas have made it absolutely clear that they are not interested in a ceasefire.
They made it clear that they want to repeat the actions of  7 October .
I believe the right position is to press for pauses.
That is the position of the Government and of the official Opposition.
I understand that just four Conservative Members have visited Israel since  7 October : the Prime Minister, the former Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Secretary, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Brigg and Goole (Andrew Percy)  and me.
Last week, when I was there, I did see evidence of humanitarian protection by the IDF forces.
I also saw videos and photographs of the things that happened in some of the kibbutzim, and they were, quite simply, crimes against humanity.
Does the Minister agree that there is no moral equivalence between Hamas and the sovereign independent state of Israel?
Yes, I completely agree with what my hon.
Friend has said.
He should know that the Prime Minister and other members of the Government have been in continuous contact with Prime Minister Netanyahu, including by holding frequent conversations and discussions.
However, I have to say that it would be helpful if all those calling for Israel to protect hospitals would also call on Hamas to vacate the hospitals and stop using civilians as human shields.
Today, Alon-Lee Green, the director of Standing Together, the largest cross-community organisation in Israel, posted a video of a soldier in Gaza saying:
“I’m on the beach in Gaza, in Gush Katif.
I’m safe.
I’m happy.
Me and my friends conquered Beit Lahia, Al Atatra and Sulatin and we’re moving on and we’re gonna conquer the rest of Gaza.
I’m safe.
I’m happy.
I’m enjoying the big opportunity of my lifetime.
I love you all and I couldn’t be happier to be where I am—doing God’s work.”
Alon-Lee Green said:
“What’s going on in Gaza does not only go against the Palestinian interest, it goes also against my peoples’ interest, the Jewish Israeli interest.”
Also today, we had Danny Danon, a Likud member and former ambassador, and Ram Ben Barak, a Yesh Atid opposition member, say that Israel should expel all Palestinians from Gaza.
What are we doing to restrain the Israeli Government and commentators?
We have always made it clear to Israel that we are its closest possible friend, but friends give candid advice and do not always say what people want to hear.
The British Government will continue—with, I believe, the strong support of this House—to make the right points to the Israeli Government, and we are able to do so because of our extremely close alliance and friendship with them.