Is the abolition of non-dom tax status under consideration, or has the Prime Minister ruled it out again, for personal reasons?
The hon.
Gentleman is well aware that there are real dangers that what he is proposing would make the UK a less attractive destination—that is a very important issue.
The City pays for a huge amount of our NHS, for example, and non-dom taxpayers were liable to pay £8.5 billion in UK income tax in 2021-22 and invested more than £7 billion in the UK.
If he will have discussions with the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions on the potential merits of uprating benefits in line with inflation.
The Government are committed to supporting households with the cost of living, delivering over £94 billion of support, including uprating benefits by 10.1% this  year.
As I have said, the Secretary of State for Work  and Pensions is undertaking his review, and I cannot pre-empt that.
Figures from the Trussell Trust show that food bank usage is at its highest ever level, and over the summer months a record 41,878 parcels of food were provided to 21,000 children in Scotland alone.
Meanwhile, child poverty costs the Government £39 billion per year in poor health and educational outcomes.
In order to tackle child poverty properly, will the Government commit to keeping benefits in line with inflation and lifting the two-child cap?
We understand that things are really tough at the moment, which is why we have put in place £900 of cost of living support this year, but we also all need to work on bearing down on inflation.
We are seeing it start to come down, but we know it is still too high, and we hope we will reach the Prime Minister’s pledge of halving inflation, because that is the biggest help we can give to households this year.
What steps his Department is taking to help mitigate the potential impact of environmental, social and governance practices of financial institutions on levels of investment in the defence sector.
The Secretary of State for Defence and my predecessor, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Arundel and South Downs (Andrew Griffith) , recently set out that the values within ESG practices of financial institutions should never undermine capabilities developed to help us preserve peace and security.
The Treasury recently consulted on a potential regulatory framework for ESG ratings providers, which aims to improve transparency and promote good conduct.
I hope this will address some of the issues that defence companies have raised.
ESG is so vital when it comes to investing in all our services, including defence.
We were promised that the “Greening Finance” road map would come out at the end of 2022.
Then we were told that the consultation would come out by autumn this year.
It is still just about autumn, and it is yet to come out.
Why are the Government kicking ESG down the road?
Why have they stopped caring about ESG, and when will we have the consultation to get a UK green taxonomy sorted?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question. [
Interruption.]
I do; I know how much he cares about these issues and campaigns on them frequently in the House, and I commend him for it.
The Government are committed to delivering on a UK green taxonomy to provide investors with clarity on which economic activity should be labelled as green.
We expect to consult this autumn.
The green taxonomy will provide an important tool for enabling the supply of relevant and reliable sustainability information for the market, and information will come in due course.
One of the things that concern Northern Ireland MPs is the fact that when it comes to defence jobs and getting contracts, Northern Ireland falls behind.
The Minister will be aware that Thales, on the border of my constituency,  was recently able to secure its workforce.