I will announce the arrangements for the election of a new Chair in due course.
I would also like to draw Members’ attention to the fact that the book for entering the private Members’ Bills ballot is now open.
It will be open until the House rises today and while the House is sitting tomorrow.
The book will be available for Members to sign in the No Lobby until 6 pm on both days, at which point it will be taken to the Public Bill Office and will remain open for signatures until the rise of the House.
The ballot itself will be drawn at 9 am this Thursday, in Committee Room 15.
An announcement setting out these and other arrangements, and the dates when the ten-minute rule motions can be made and presentation Bills introduced, has been published in the Order Paper.
We now come to questions to the Chancellor of the Exchequer.
May I welcome the new ministerial team as a whole, rather than going through each of them individually?
The Chancellor of the Exchequer was asked—
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of maintaining the pensions triple lock on the economy.
As a result of the Government’s triple lock, the basic state pension is now more than 50% higher in cash terms than it was in 2011.
The Secretary of State for Work and Pensions is undertaking his review at the moment, and I cannot pre-empt that.
Now that Lord Cameron has returned to the Cabinet, it is probably a good time for us to remember that the pensions triple lock was a Liberal Democrat initiative.
The 2010 Liberal Democrat manifesto said:
“We will uprate the state pension annually by whichever is the higher of growth in earnings, growth in prices or 2.5 per cent.”
Given that the triple lock has now been operational for more than a decade, will the Chancellor and his team commit to putting the triple lock in the next manifesto?
Nice try.
The triple lock was a Conservative invention, delivered by the Conservatives, and it is something to which we remain committed.
I welcome my hon.
Friend to her new role.
Given that it is right that we look after our pensioners and ensure that people are well looked after in later life, it is important that we have the right tax base to fund our pensions.
Will she meet me to consider ways in which we can make our taxation system more family friendly, to encourage more people to have more children and to ensure that we can pay for our pensions in the years ahead?
My right hon.
Friend is a brilliant advocate on these issues, and of course I would be delighted to meet him.
What recent assessment he has made of the implications for his policies of trends in the level of food inflation.
What recent assessment he has made of the implications for his policies of trends in the level of food inflation.
What recent assessment he has made of the implications for his policies of trends in the level of food inflation.
UK food inflation has been driven largely by global factors and has already fallen from 19.6% to 12.3%, and external forecasts expect it to continue to fall.
Between March 2021 and April 2023, the cost of first infant formula increased by 24%, on average, with the cheapest formula on the market increasing by 45%.
That is an absolute catastrophe for families who rely on infant formula, but a bonanza for the formula companies, which are making significant profits out of this.
Can the Chancellor tell me why he believes it is right for companies to profit while families struggle to feed their babies?
The hon.