Gentleman makes a point about a political solution.
I draw his attention to my final comments in my statement, about how we have to focus on that and on the two-state solution, and about the need for hope and opportunity to drive forward the politics in this dreadful situation.
rose—
Order.
I expect to allow questions on the statement to run for about an hour, but because there are so many of the same Members wishing to speak in the debate on the King’s Speech, I hope we can have short questions and speedy answers.
As my right hon.
Friend has said, following the unprovoked slaughter of its citizens, Israel has a right to pursue and destroy the terrorist forces.
It is terrible that the ordinary citizens of Gaza are paying the price for this, as Hamas would have known, but even if Israel is able to degrade and destroy the Hamas forces, the Hamas mindset will remain—a Hamas mindset that is funded and supported by Iran.
Iran does not want there to be peace between Arab states and Israel because the Iranian regime does not want Israel to exist.
When will the Government take firmer measures?
Members from across the House have asked when the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, for example, will be proscribed and we have never been given a good reason why it is not.
What is the answer?
I hear what he says about the IRGC, and I know that he has already been in contact with the Foreign Secretary on exactly that point.
I hope he will accept that we do not carry on a running commentary on issues such as proscription, but the House and the Foreign Secretary have heard what he said.
I am still not clear whether the right hon.
Gentleman agrees with Labour that the ICC has jurisdiction over the conduct of all parties in Gaza.
If he does, then that is a very welcome change from the position of Prime Minister Boris Johnson.
Will he clarify that?
I repeat what I said last week.
It is not for Ministers to seek to state where the ICC has jurisdiction; that is for the chief prosecutor.
The chief prosecutor has not been silent on this matter, and I am sure he will continue to express his views.
Whether we like it or not, Israel will carry on fighting until it has established control of the area from which it was attacked.
The question that then arises is what happens next.
If Israel simply withdraws, Hamas will reappear.
At least one moderate Arab state believes that a two-state solution will have to be imposed and policed.
Are the Government giving thought as to who might carry out that job?
Otherwise, the outcome that they want—a two-state solution—is wholly impracticable.
My right hon.
Friend is entirely right about that, and entirely right that Israel has an absolute right of self-defence in this matter.
On the options to which he alludes, I can assure him that a great deal of thought is going on, not only in Britain but across the region and elsewhere.
A lasting peace and a two-state solution is the only way to guarantee dignity and security for both Palestinians and Israelis.
Hamas, a terrorist organisation, cannot be part of that, but a month after their contemptable attack on Israel, it is clear that a military solution is not working.
It is not removing Hamas, and instead we have the humanitarian catastrophe to which the Minister referred.
Does he agree that the way to achieve that peace and a two-state solution is to back a political solution with an immediate bilateral ceasefire, explicitly contingent on both parties adhering to it, so that if one party breaks the ceasefire, a military operation remains on the table?
The hon.
Lady is entirely right about the importance of a political solution.