Right—in which case, the shadow Foreign Secretary may continue.
David Cameron is the seventh Foreign Secretary in seven years of Tory chaos.
He was forced to resign in failure over a matter of foreign policy.
The Prime Minister has looked at each of the 350 Conservative Members and decided that none of them would be better at representing Britain’s interests on the world stage.
The Prime Minister claims he is for change, but instead he has resurrected yesterday’s failure with an honour.
That decision raises serious questions for this House, but I know you share those concerns, Mr Speaker.
At a time of grave international crisis and at a moment of war in Europe, with a more assertive China, a climate emergency and a horrifying conflict in Gaza, this House needs Government accountability more than ever.
Will the Minister commit to working closely with Mr Speaker to ensure that the Opposition and all Members of Parliament can hold the Foreign Secretary to account?
I turn to the horrors of Gaza.
More than 11,000 Palestinians have reportedly been killed, with two thirds of the dead being women and children.
This is shocking and devastating.
Every civilian death is an equal tragedy.
Does the Minister agree that the number of Palestinian civilians and children who have been killed over the past month is intolerable?
And does he agree that Israel must make changes to how it is fighting this war, by taking urgent and concrete steps to protect civilian life?
I am gravely concerned by the desperate reports from hospitals in northern Gaza.
These hospitals were already overstretched with the wounded, short of fuel and filled with civilians seeking shelter.
Doctors are now forced to make impossible choices as they try to care for the wounded and newborns, without power.
Some of those newborns have now lost their lives—unbearable.
Medical establishments have special protection under international law.
They should never be targeted or used as shields.
All parties must follow international law, acting with necessity, distinction, proportionality and precaution.
Allegations of breaches should always be treated with the utmost seriousness.
The Minister said last week that the Government support the independence of the International Criminal Court, as does the Labour party, but he failed to answer whether the Government recognise its jurisdiction to address the conduct of all parties in Gaza.
As Prime Minister, Boris Johnson rejected that jurisdiction and attacked the court.
Labour recognises the ICC’s jurisdiction.
Can the Minister clarify his Government’s position today?
Gaza is in a humanitarian catastrophe.
More than 1.5 million people have been displaced, and there are desperate shortages of basic essentials.
Does the Minister agree that the short pauses in the north are clearly not enough?
Gazans need aid now.
They need medicine now.
They need water now.
They need food now.
They need fuel now.
A full, comprehensive and immediate humanitarian pause in fighting across the whole of Gaza is needed now to alleviate Palestinian suffering and in order for Hamas terrorists to release the hostages.
Hamas’s stated aim is to wipe Israel off the map.
They committed the most brutal attack on Jews since the holocaust and now they are using innocent Palestinians as human shields.
I would like to register my shock that not every Member of this House can say this truth: Hamas are terrorists.
We must not give up on the narrow openings that keep the prospect of peace alive.
That means preventing escalation, condemning violence from settlers in the west bank, condemning rocket attacks on Israel from Iran’s proxies in Lebanon and elsewhere, and creating a future where Gaza is not subject to occupation.
Meanwhile, international diplomacy evolves and the facts on the ground are changing day to day, in relation to both hostages being rescued and Hamas’s capability to carry out attacks such as we saw on  7 October .