The pensioners who have lost the winter fuel payment are struggling with that up-front amount.
Will the Minister review the level at which the winter fuel payment is removed, because the most vulnerable are struggling?
We are doing everything we can to help the households that will struggle with bills this winter.
We have had a big push to increase the uptake of pension credit and we are working with energy suppliers to provide additional support this winter, alongside our warm home discount, which will provide a rebate of £150 to households in fuel poverty.
We have also extended the household support fund.
I have worked for many years with London School of Economics academic and UK resident Dr Gubad Ibadoghlu, who has been arbitrarily detained in Azerbaijan since July 2023 for uncovering corruption in the fossil fuel industry, despite a severe  medical condition.
During COP29, will Ministers meet their Azerbaijani counterparts to urge them to drop the charges and to release him?
I understand that the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Minister has raised the case with the Azerbaijani Foreign Minister and urged allowing Dr Ibadoghlu to travel overseas for specialist medical care if required.
We will continue to use our diplomatic channels to raise our concerns about the protection of freedom and human rights in Azerbaijan, including for my hon.
Friend’s constituent.
Conservative Members will never stop holding the Government to account for their pre-election promise to cut energy bills by £300.
Have civil service officials conducted any modelling whatsoever that can legitimise that figure?
We arrived at the figure through independent analysis.
We stand by the reality that the only way to bring down bills is to commit to our 2030 target.
The National Energy System Operator backs that, but the Conservative party fails to support that action.
The hon.
Member therefore must explain what the Conservative plan is for reducing bills for people who are paying more than they have ever paid.
My constituents understand that tackling the climate crisis and getting lower bills go hand in hand, and they are excited about Great British Energy.
Will GBE invest in community energy projects in places such as Macclesfield?
My hon.
Friend is right to make a point about community energy.
The local power plan that we are committed to will deliver community energy projects throughout Great Britain.
I am sure that Macclesfield has some fantastic projects that Great British Energy will look at.
We want to unleash the potential of community energy across the country.
National Grid’s rationale for rebuilding East Claydon substation is based on speculative applications, not consented real schemes.
Will the Minister therefore meet me to find a way to get National Grid more grounded in reality rather than speculation?
I am happy to look at specific cases, but the Secretary of State’s role as final decision maker on some planning applications means that I cannot comment on them.
However, generally speaking, the hon.
Member makes an important point about looking at how we plan projects holistically throughout the country.
That is why we have announced the first ever spatial energy plan for the whole of Great Britain.
The devastating scenes of flooding in Spain remind us all of why urgent investment is needed to deal with the deadly consequences of climate change.
Does the Minister agree that that investment should be paid for by the polluting companies that have caused the climate crisis?
We hope that, at COP29 in the coming weeks, we can settle on a figure for a new ambitious goal, which will not just bring in finance from donor countries, but mobilise private sector finance.
We will use all the mechanisms we can to ensure that we get money to developing countries as quickly as possible.
As my hon.
Friend said, it is more urgent than ever to act.
Order.
I have got to get all Members in, and Ministers have got to help me and work with me.