We are determined to end the injustice of people living in cold and draughty homes.
I completely agree that we must do everything we can to support vulnerable households with their energy bills this winter.
That is why we are providing 3.3 million households with the warm home discount, why we are working with energy suppliers to provide additional support, including through charities, and why we have extended the household support fund.
Does the Minister agree that we particularly need a comprehensive warm homes plan in rural areas in order to identify very old homes and ensure that insulation is targeted to maximise reduction in their energy usage?
We will ensure that we see upgrades in every part of the country; we will be working with combined authorities, local government and the devolved Administrations to make sure that we are delivering the scale of upgrades needed across the country.
In the light of the warm homes plan, is the Minister aware of challenges faced by homeowners who used the green homes grant for spray foam insulation?
Many now find their homes unmortgageable, and face significant costs for removal and repair.
Will the Minister consider measures to support such homeowners as part of the warm homes plan?
I am aware that many households have had upgrades that have not gone to plan.
It is critical that we build confidence, because in the end we need to persuade consumers up and down the country to have these upgrades.
There were schemes under the last Administration that were not regulated and did not have the correct standards, and we are working hard to make sure that we raise standards across the piece.
We are going to need a warm homes plan, because with the snow and ice coming in on a cold front, Scotland is seeing a “sum front” heading north from this Labour Government: a £600 cut to the winter fuel payment and the pensioners’ cost of living payment—for winter weather that is here now.
That was not in the manifesto.
What  was in the manifesto was a £300 cut to fuel bills, but those costs are now up by £450.
When will this Government do a single thing for people facing fuel poverty?
We will work across the country to tackle fuel poverty, but I remind the hon.
Member that fuel payments are devolved.
The Scottish Government have been given the biggest budget, and it is time to get on with the job and fix the situation.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Homes in the UK are among the least energy-efficient in Europe, with unparalleled health, productivity and carbon emission costs to society, as a result of the last Government’s failure to act.
I agree with the Minister: it is a disgrace that this is happening in one of the largest economies in the G7.
We welcome the news of the warm homes plan coming next year, but does the Minister agree that an emergency home insulation programme this winter, with free insulation for people on low incomes, is necessary so that people in South Cambridgeshire do not have to face the choice between heating and eating?
Let me assure the hon.
Member that we are hitting the ground running with home insulations.
We are rolling out our warm homes local grant and our warm homes social housing fund, to target people this winter—this year—because we need to deliver the biggest ever upgrade.
What steps he is taking to support public sector bodies to decarbonise.
As the first step towards the warm homes plan, we have committed an initial £3.4 billion.
That includes £1 billion towards public sector decarbonisation, because we know that we have to ensure that our schools and hospitals reduce their energy bills.
Decarbonising the public sector is good for our net zero target, but it also releases money for more teachers, nurses and street cleaners, so that savings benefit our communities rather than energy giants.