Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”]
Members are very welcome.
Will the Minister confirm that it is still the Government’s intention, as it was ours, to have fusion power on the grid by 2040?
As I mentioned, I am very much looking forward to visiting West Burton soon.
The Budget announced significant support for fusion energy in 2025-26 and, yes, we remain as ambitious as the previous Government for the potential of fusion energy.
Having confirmed that 2040 is still the ambition, which does the Minister think will come first: fusion on the grid or the final investment decision on Sizewell C?
The final investment decision on Sizewell C, as I understand it, is expected soon.
We will hear more about support for that in the next spending review.
Fusion energy has huge potential, not just in the long term but from the innovation we are already seeing in that sphere, which I very much welcome.
What plans he has to support the development of carbon capture, utilisation and storage projects at Acorn.
What recent steps his Department has taken to support carbon capture and storage.
On  4 October , the Government announced £21.7 billion over the next 25 years to launch the UK’s carbon capture, utilisation and storage industry.
We will provide further details on the next steps for CCUS, including track 2 projects such as Acorn, in the coming months.
I thank the Minister for her encouraging answer.
Acorn, including the St Fergus site in Aberdeenshire, not only has a significant role to play in achieving net zero in Scotland, but has the capacity to accept carbon from mainland Europe.
This project could help the UK and Europe to achieve their net zero goals, and is significant not only for the port of Peterhead in my constituency, as the Minister knows, but for the local power station, which shares the same integrated ambitions.
Acorn presents very significant opportunities, representing hundreds of millions of pounds in new investment, new jobs and economic growth for the north-east, for Scotland  and for the UK.
Can the Minister accelerate the decision making on the Acorn project, and will she commit to funding in 2025?
We are committed to track 2, and I recognise the huge advantages of Acorn that the hon.
Gentleman has highlighted.
Our record £21.7 billion investment demonstrates our long-term commitment and gives industry the certainty it needs.
The ups and downs of CCUS under the previous Government did not provide the certainty that people required, and certainty is what we are looking to deliver.
We understand that people want clarity, and we will be making further announcements in the coming months.
The path to carbon capture and storage is littered with failure: three previous projects never got off the ground, despite lots of taxpayer money going into them.
What precisely are the Government going to do to ensure that this project delivers?
If the hon.
Lady would look towards me a little bit, I will be able to hear the question.
We realise that CCUS is an emerging industry, but it is also one that we can lead on internationally, thanks to the unique geography of the North sea.
We will do all we can to help industry scale up in this technology, which we believe will play a crucial role in our mission towards clean power.
Whether he has had recent discussions with National Grid on diversifying the energy mix of its network.
The Government regularly meet stakeholders to discuss the development of our energy infrastructure.
Last week, the Government received advice from the National Energy System Operator outlining its advice on the pathway towards clean power by 2030.
Later this year we will publish our 2030 action plan, which will set out details on the future of our energy mix.
Offshore wind has been a real positive for our energy security and grid independence, but unfortunately not when the wind does not blow.