Lady to outline where our ambition is.
We will build faster than the previous Government, although I have to say that that would not be difficult.
The shadow Minister sitting next to her,  the hon.
Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie) , said quite clearly at their conference that the previous Government had built infrastructure far too slowly, and their former Energy Minister,  the right hon.
Member for Beverley and Holderness (Graham Stuart) , said that their onshore wind ban was “always mad”.
We are quite happy to pick up where they left off and deliver the clean power that this country needs.
This is the ministerial team who told the electorate they were going to cut their bills by £300, without doing any homework to find out how those  plans would work.
They voted against our amendment to hold them to account on their own pledge just two weeks ago, and now they are trying to claim that the NESO report shows that their approach will lower bills when in fact it shows in black and white that the system will be much more expensive.
Does the Minister not see that if they follow this plan, we will be a warning, not an example, to the rest of the world and that the British people will be colder and poorer as a result?
Time and again, the Conservatives run away from their record on this in office.
The reason why people right across this country are paying more on their energy bills is that the Conservatives did not get us off the rollercoaster of fossil fuel markets, but we are now moving at pace.
The right hon.
Lady may want to keep us in the vulnerable state where we are reliant on international gas markets, but we are determined that we will not do that.
We will bring down bills and deliver energy security.
I am not ashamed to say that we will move with great ambition to deliver what this country needs and to deliver the good jobs that go with it.
What steps he is taking to establish Great British Energy.
We are moving at pace to set up Great British Energy.
So far we have appointed the start-up chair, Jürgen Maier, we have announced that the headquarters will be in Aberdeen and we have progressed the Bill through the House of Commons.
This builds on the first partnership announced for Great British Energy, with the Crown Estate, and on a recent new deal to collaborate with Scottish public bodies.
We are getting on with the job of delivering 21st-century public ownership for the British people.
Every family and every business in my constituency paid the price of 14 years of Conservative failure with rocketing energy bills because the last Government failed to invest in clean energy.
The Opposition continue to oppose Great British Energy.
Does the Minister recognise the absurdity of their argument that they are quite happy with foreign public ownership as long as it is not UK citizens who own our energy?
My hon.
Friend makes a good point.
It is important to remember that, despite what the Conservatives might have us believe, Great British Energy is overwhelmingly popular with the British people.
That includes the people in Scotland, because of course it was not just the Conservative party who did not vote for Great British Energy; surprisingly, the Scottish National party also failed to vote for a publicly owned champion in our energy space.
We are getting on with delivering jobs and growth, delivered with public ownership through Great British Energy.
Before the election, Labour said that Great British Energy would cut electricity bills by £300.
After the election, the Labour Government voted against writing that into law and instead took away people’s winter fuel payments and made their bills more expensive.