Will the UK Government rethink their position on eligibility and reduce pensioner hardship this winter?
The hon.
Lady’s question allows me to focus on the communications around this change.
It is not just about pension credit, but about people on working tax credit, child tax credit and other benefits.
The committee was concerned about pensioners in receipt of child tax credit; pensioners should check whether they are eligible for other qualifying benefits for winter fuel payments, because it is quite a complicated system.
It is not just about whether someone is already on pension credit.
The Government say that they want everyone who is eligible for pension credit to claim it and get it, but as the Social Security Advisory Committee points out, they expect only a 5% increase in uptake.
Is the reality not that the Government need hundreds of thousands of pensioners not to claim this entitlement that they deserve, in order to make their figures add up and to cut £1.4 billion from winter fuel payments?
I would be very pleased if all pensioners who are eligible for pension credit applied and received the help that they deserve.
The Minister will be aware that billions of pounds in benefits and financial help, including pension credit, goes unclaimed every year due to the stigma associated with claiming benefits, and the huge difficulty that claimants encounter when navigating the system.
What measures are the Government taking to encourage greater take-up and to simplify the benefits system?
We have run several campaigns, the latest of which was launched recently on radio and TV and in print media, to urge those who may be eligible to apply, and to urge their loved ones to encourage them and help them to apply.
We have also asked officials to see how we can improve the form to make it easier, but more than 90% of claims are now made online.
Pensioners can get help either from a loved one or from charities and local authorities, which are helping to ensure that they get the support that they deserve.
Some 16,600 pensioners in Broxbourne will lose their winter fuel payment.
How is the Minister helping those who cannot do online applications for pension credit to make an application?
Will she commit to continuing to write to all those who will lose their winter fuel payment until they sign up for pension credit?
We have written to all pensioners to tell them about the change in Government policy to ensure that those who are not in receipt of pension credit or other benefits know that they will not be getting the winter fuel payment this winter.
Minister, it is always good to have the necessary answers.
The report notes savings of £1.5 billion.
The increase in pension credit take-up from 63% to 68% represents an additional 100,000 households.
Any take-up negates savings made by the Government.
The fact is that pensioners who would qualify have lost out this year and are struggling now.
What can be done to expedite their applications and to deal with the long waiting list for decisions, which means that, for many, the potential for additional income to ease their situation and help in the winter months will be too little, too late?
The reason I make the point is that the system is taking too long to make a decision and those people need the money right now.
As I said, we have redeployed an additional 500 members of staff to process applications for pension credit and we are mostly hitting the target for processing times.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I will now make a statement on our new national youth strategy.