The reason I make the point is that the system is taking too long to make a decision and those people need the money right now.
As I said, we have redeployed an additional 500 members of staff to process applications for pension credit and we are mostly hitting the target for processing times.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I will now make a statement on our new national youth strategy.
The challenges facing young people today are profound: they lived through a pandemic during which they were denied the chance to test boundaries and gain confidence; they are at the sharp end of a revolution in social media; the pressures on young girls are significant; the effects of antisocial behaviour and violence are stark; and while talent is everywhere, opportunity is not.
Despite that, this generation is as ambitious for themselves, their families and their communities as any other before them, and they deserve a Government with a plan to match.
When I became Secretary of State, I was shocked to find that there was no single strategy in place for young people.
I am absolutely determined to put that right.
This is personal for me: one of my first jobs was at the youth homelessness charity, Centrepoint.
I learned everything I know about politics from those brilliant young people, who understood the challenges they faced better than any Government could.
That is why today we are kicking off one of the biggest national conversations the Government have ever held with young people—led by, and for, young people.
As we embark on an ambitious plan to devolve power to local leaders and communities, we are determined to champion that change not just at national level, but in every part of government.
We will take this conversation to our towns, villages and cities in every region on their terms, not ours, to allow young people to challenge us every step of the way.
They will be in the driving seat.
We will make sure young people are empowered at local, regional and national level, so that funding flows to the things that matter to them.
In the coming months, these conversations will feed into a report, “Today’s Youth, Tomorrow’s Nation”, detailing young people’s priorities to inform our new approach.
Next year, we will present to this House a co-produced national youth strategy that is fit for the decade ahead and ensures every young person can live the richer, larger life they deserve.
We disagree on many things in this House, but I believe every single one of us shares a common desire to see this generation thrive.
They deserve politicians who respect what they have to contribute.
That is what this Government are going to do, and that begins today.
In line with this new approach, I have to tell the House that we are going to wind down the National Citizen Service programme from the end of the financial year, and the National Citizen Service Trust when parliamentary time allows.
Since its launch in 2011, the NCS has provided over 1 million young people with opportunities.
The NCS met the needs of the moment and rightly put active citizenship at the heart of the Government’s programme for young people.
It has played a hugely important role in supporting young people to build their confidence and bridge social divides.
I would like to thank each and every staff member past and present, the NCS board, and the previous and current CEOs and chairs.
I also thank every young person who has contributed to the success of the NCS.
In 2011, when the National Citizen Service was established, Facebook and X had only 700 million users.
Now, they have over 3 billion.
TikTok had not even been dreamt of.
In 2011, an estimated one in eight 10 to 15-year-olds had a probable mental health problem.
Now, it is one in five.