That is not an insignificant proportion of the £5.5 billion of savings that the Chancellor set out on  29 July .
We come to the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Many of us in the Chamber accept that the new Government inherited a financial mess from the old Government.
It is a pity that that is being balanced on the backs of pensioners.
The Minister quite rightly highlighted how many of us have been championing our residents to claim pension credit, as I am in Torbay.
She talked of unexpected delays.
Many of us, including her own Department, face unexpected delays.
In the light of that, will she extend the deadline for pensioners to claim the allowance beyond  21 December ?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for that question.
I am afraid that I cannot commit to extending the deadline.
It is important that we encourage as many pensioners as possible—I know that he is working on that in his constituency, and I did a pension credit surgery in my constituency last week—to check whether they are eligible for pension credit.
We have 160 local authorities up and down the country helping us to check the eligibility of those in need and those on the lowest incomes.
That is the right thing to do.
Those claims can be backdated by three months, and anyone who is eligible for pension credit in the qualifying week will also be passported to other benefits, such as the winter fuel payment.
The advisory committee made several recommendations related to getting assistance to people who should be in  receipt of pension credit.
Could the Minister indicate whether the Government intend to accept those recommendations?
We are deploying an additional 500 staff to deal with the substantial increase—over 150%—in claims.
That is the right thing to do.
It is an operational focus for the Department to get through those claims as quickly as possible, to make sure that we get the help to those most in need.
The Social Security Advisory Committee estimated that more than 70% of people with a disability will lose their winter fuel payment this year.
Does the hon.
Lady really think that cutting benefits from this vulnerable group of pensioners is the right thing to do?
If the hon.
Lady looks at the equality analysis, she will see that those with a disability will be disproportionately likely to retain the winter fuel payment.
I urge her to have a look at that.
I thank my hon.
Friend for her response to the urgent question.
We had a Budget that did so much good for our country in the face of the most dreadful inheritance, and the Labour Government should be congratulated on that.
But pensioners in Middlesbrough and Thornaby East are still looking to the Government to further mitigate the impact of the cut to the winter fuel payment.
Much has been done by the elected Mayor Chris Cooke to embrace the issues around the household support fund and so on, but the Social Security Advisory Committee noted that the £1.4 billion was based on an increase of only 5% in pension credit take-up, from 63% to 68%.
Could the Minister say what the increase in take-up has been to date, and what further steps she will take to provide yet further mitigations and reduce pensioner poverty?
We will announce new statistics at the end of this month.
The committee asked about the 5% increase; that assumption is based on what happened when the previous Government took away free TV licences and people had to apply for them.
The OBR accepted our assumption.
What is the point of having a Social Security Advisory Committee if the Government do not listen to and take its advice?
Would it not be better to abolish the committee if the Government are intent on ignoring it?
No.
I was reassured by the Minister’s response that we will soon see a reply to that letter.