Last week, the Government received advice from the National Energy System Operator outlining its advice on the pathway towards clean power by 2030.
Later this year we will publish our 2030 action plan, which will set out details on the future of our energy mix.
Offshore wind has been a real positive for our energy security and grid independence, but unfortunately not when the wind does not blow.
Given the election of a President who tells us he is going to “drill, baby, drill,” what revision does the Minister anticipate to his timetable towards net zero?
As I said in my previous answer, later this year we will outline our action plan on how we will deliver on the 2030 target; there is no change to our timetable in that regard.
The right hon.
Gentleman raises a good point about what happens when the wind does not blow and the sun does not shine, and about ensuring we have a mix in our energy system.
That is why we remain supportive of nuclear and why we have recently announced investment in long-duration energy storage, to ensure we can capture energy and use it when we need it.
I was delighted by Ofgem’s announcement this morning that it now recommends that the proposed Nautilus interconnector should be located at the Isle of Grain, not on the Suffolk coast.
Since I have been elected, I have made firm representations to the Minister and Ofgem, including via its consultation, that the Suffolk coast should not have been considered and brownfield sites should have been considered first.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss other National Grid projects in my constituency?
Ofgem has announced today decisions on a number of interconnectors.
Those are decisions for Ofgem and not for the Government.
We have recently announced the launch of a strategic spatial energy plan, to ensure that we plan such projects holistically, across the whole of the United Kingdom, and take into account a number of schemes when planning future energy, such as those my hon.
Friend mentions in her constituency.
I will continue to have discussions about that with Members from across the country.
China’s largest offshore floating wind turbine company, Ming Yang Smart Energy, plans to build its first manufacturing plant outside China in Scotland.
Ming Yang benefits from huge subsidies in China, but there are serious questions about energy security and national security.
The Secretary of State says he wants to end reliance on foreign autocrats, but when he was asked about this on the radio this morning, he had no answer.
Will the Minister rule out allowing any turbines that might be controlled by hostile states?
We are encouraging investment in the UK to build the infrastructure that we need in the future.
Just today, we have announced the clean industry bonus that will give as much support as possible to companies to build their supply chains here in this country.
We will continue to look at supply chains and, of course, we take seriously the companies, across the range of business projects, that are investing in this country.
There is a series of processes already under way across Government.
Whenever anybody wants to invest in this country, those processes will be followed in the usual manner.
Mr Speaker, will you and the Minister give the House an opportunity to celebrate the £1 billion of investment announced today in offshore wind in this country?
It will provide jobs across the country, as promised by this Government, which the British people are not used to after the past 14 years.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the infrastructure required to connect that clean, secure energy to our homes, in particular the Sea Link project that could have an impact in my constituency?
My hon.