Friend said, it is more urgent than ever to act.
Order.
I have got to get all Members in, and Ministers have got to help me and work with me.
Bolney and Twineham parishes in my constituency hosts the Rampion windfarm substation, which leads to several battery energy storage solution applications.
What reassurance can the Minister give my constituents about the adequacy of the regulatory framework?
Batteries will play an important role in our energy mix in the short duration storage that we need.
We will continue to look at whether the regulatory arrangements are sufficient.
Obviously, we want all the applications to be for safe projects.
The regulations are in place to ensure that.
If we need to do any more work, we will happily look at that.
We had a very successful all-party group meeting last week on floating offshore wind in the Celtic sea.
I know the Minister is supportive and ask him to consider mechanisms such as ringfencing contracts for difference and investment in ports to kickstart the investment in the Celtic sea.
My hon.
Friend is right to raise the important potential of the Celtic sea in our green energy transition.
I will be in Wales tomorrow to speak at a green energy conference on exactly that question.
There is huge potential in floating offshore wind.
We want to bring the manufacturing jobs in the supply chain to this country as well, which is why we launched today our clean industry bonus to bring that investment here to build the factories of the future and deliver the good, clean jobs of the future.
The wind industry has rightly agreed a standard compensation package for rural communities with big wind plants.
The solar industry, however, is, unsurprisingly, busy whitewashing Uyghur slave labour in its supply chains rather than doing that.
If it will not act, will the Government step forward and recognise that they must support rural communities by creating a standardised compensation programme?
The hon.
Lady has pursued this and several other issues to do with the solar industry for a long time.
We are currently looking at all the options, particularly around community benefits, to ensure that they are at a scale—following on from the previous Government’s consultation on whether they should be compulsory—that genuinely benefits communities.
My constituent Konnie Huq, with Arts Council and Lottery funding, has compiled a kids’ climate guide, with Jamie  Oliver among the contributors.
Will Ministers join forces with her to get it out there, preferably to every school in the country, because we have got to start young?
I would be more than happy to meet with my hon.
Friend and her constituent, who sounds rather familiar, to discuss what more we can do to support climate education among children, including in our schools.
I met with National Grid yesterday and communicated my concerns about the Norwich to Tilbury line but we remained constructive and talked about community benefit schemes.
Unfortunately, it told me that the Government were dragging their feet on defining community benefit schemes.
Can the Minister update the House on when they will bring forward guidance, and can he promise that a community benefit scheme is a real, positive economic benefit for my residents who are impacted by the pylons?
Clearly I cannot speak for National Grid but I can speak for this Government and in four months we have moved as quickly as possible on what a community benefit scheme will look like for network infrastructure as well as for generation projects.
The Conservative party had 14 years to put in place a different scheme and did not; in four months we are moving as quickly as we can.
As Ministers know, the European powerhouse of critical minerals is Cornwall, including its vast quantities of lithium, essential for our transition away from fossil fuels.
Will the Ministers agree with the industry’s call for a target of 50,000 tonnes of lithium?
I thank my hon.