In addition to that funding, I am announcing that youth, financial inclusion, social investment and community wealth funds will each receive a significant portion of the next £350 million of dormant assets funding.
I am pleased to tell the House that, of that, £100 million will be dedicated to youth outcomes between 2024 and 2028.
There will be more detail to come when we publish our dormant assets strategy.
Throughout history, the programmes that have made the greatest difference have been the ones that met the challenges of the moment and were built to last: the Children Act 1989, delivered by a Conservative Government, enshrined it in law that the best interests of the child take priority above all else; and the last Labour Government’s Every Child Matters programme put children’s views and needs at the heart of a Government that changed lives everywhere.
I look forward to working constructively with Members across the political divide to get this right.
Together, we will grip these challenges to give young people chances and choices, put them at the heart of government and unlock the potential of a generation.
I commend this statement to the House.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I thank the Secretary of State for advance sight of her statement.
Let me begin by saying that the Opposition really do welcome any focus that the Government are putting on young people.
I recall from my time in the Department that spending time in the youth sector provided some of the most inspiring moments of my time as a Minister.
In government, we had a proud record of listening to young people and putting their views at the heart of our agenda, and our record shows that.
Indeed, I always ensured that young people were around the table when we were making decisions that would affect them, and would often say that I wondered how a middle-aged, grey-haired man could know exactly what young people wanted.
It was because we listened to young people that we allocated £500 million over the next three years to fund the national youth guarantee, ensuring that every young person aged 11 to 18 in England had access to regular clubs and activities, something to do after school, experiences away from home, and opportunities to volunteer.
That is what young people told us they wanted.
As part of the national youth guarantee, we allocated £300 million to youth facilities, improving and developing 300 of them.
We welcome the Government’s commitment to the youth investment fund projects that are under way, but will the Secretary of State confirm the fate of those that are not?
In government, we delivered £1.3 billion-worth of sports programmes, developing and improving sports pitches across the country.
Can she confirm that they will still be invested in, given their importance as a resource for young people?
Of course, the importance that we placed on young people went much further.
Whether the issue was housing, the national living wage, education or apprenticeships, we listened to their views at the very top of Government.
That is why we welcome some of the measures in the statement, such as the focus that the Government will  place on youth workers through the local youth transformation pilot.
The relationship between youth workers and young people is one of the most important, especially for young people with challenging backgrounds.
One element that we cannot support, however, is the scrapping of the National Citizen Service.
The NCS has grown since 2011, when it first supported 158 participants.
Over the last 13 years, more than 750,000 young people have taken part in its programme.
I had the pleasure of visiting many of them, and what struck me most was the sight of people from a mix of different backgrounds coming together.
It was a great scheme which had cross-party support.