I thank the Minister for agreeing to meet the OffSET—offshore electricity grid taskforce—group of MPs later today; we are very much looking forward to the meeting.
Does he recognise that achieving the 2030 deadline set out in the NESO report requires an acceleration of the process, which, in turn, is dependent on much higher levels of public consent?
I recognise the hon.
Gentleman’s point, and I am looking forward to meeting him and his colleagues this afternoon to discuss the particular issues in his area.
We need to build more network infrastructure across the UK to make this endeavour a reality, but he is right: we want to bring communities with us on this journey.
That is why we have said that we are looking again at what community benefits will look like, building on some of the work that the previous Government did in consulting on this issue.
Crucially, however, if want to bring down bills and deliver energy security, we will have to build the infrastructure, and that is what this Government are committed to doing.
The Minister knows well the Liberal Democrats’ commitment to community energy.
Will the Government establish a clean community energy scheme, look at the barriers that currently face community energy projects and look at supporting the National Grid to deliver community energy?
The hon.
Lady and I have had a number of conversations, and I recognise her commitment on this issue.
We have committed in the local power plan to delivering investment in community energy across the country.
Importantly, we want not only to invest in schemes, but to deliver across Government the mechanisms needed to make it more possible for communities to deliver such schemes.
That will build capacity in communities so that we can see more community energy.
What is the beef behind the Government’s reluctance to embrace with enthusiasm locally generated community energy?
Why did they vote against the amendment tabled to the Great British Energy Bill by  the hon.
Member for Bath (Wera Hobhouse) ?
I think the right hon.
Gentleman thinks that was a “gotcha” question, but, of course, the Conservative party did not vote for the Bill at all.
Amendment or not, I do not think he can really speak about what Great British Energy might deliver, because, despite it being one of the most popular policies at the last election, the Conservatives failed to bother to vote for it.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Last week, the National Energy System Operator published a full systems cost analysis of the Secretary of State’s flagship project to carbonise the grid by 2030.
This morning, the Secretary of State said on several media outlets that the report shows that his plans will lower bills.
I remind the House that the report assumes that gas prices are 40% higher than the Department’s own estimates, that the price of carbon price is at least double what it is now, that the Government can commission more offshore wind in the next two years than in the last six combined without moving prices, and that they can build the grid at a pace we have never seen before in this country, without any delays.
Even if all that is achieved, page 78 of the report shows that the cost of the system will be higher.
For clarity, would the Minister like to repeat at the Dispatch Box the Secretary of State’s claim that the NESO report shows that Labour’s system will lead to a lower cost of electricity?
What the shadow Secretary of State has just outlined quite coherently is that the Conservatives have no ambition in this space whatsoever, but we do.
I am very happy for the right hon.
Lady to outline where our ambition is.
We will build faster than the previous Government, although I have to say that that would not be difficult.
The shadow Minister sitting next to her,  the hon.