I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The Prime Minister is set to announce at the conference of the parties that he is making the UK’s already stringent carbon emission targets even higher.
That is despite the fact that we contribute only 1% of global emissions, while the leaders of the world’s highest-emitting countries—making up over 60% of emissions—are not attending.
The Climate Change Committee has said that this target will require, for example, an accelerated shift away from meat and dairy, less travel and a gas boiler ban for the British people, yet the Government’s approach would see our reliance on imports from China—which is 60% powered by coal—go through the roof.
Does the Minister agree that an approach that is asking for more sacrifice and hardship from the British people, in return for more goods from one of the world’s largest carbon emitters, would mean fewer jobs in Britain and more carbon in the atmosphere?
Too long.
I think the shadow Secretary of State needs to seek a debate if she wants to elaborate on these issues.
Having attended COP last year as part of a cross-party delegation, I found it incredibly depressing to see the way the UK was received.
It is really important that we are stepping up and showing global ambition.
Reaching net zero in this country and getting to clean power by 2030 is a massive opportunity, not a cost.
Some 824 former miners in Cowdenbeath and Kirkcaldy are rightly delighted that our Government have returned over £1 billion from the mineworkers’ pension scheme to those who powered our country for decades.
Does the Minister have plans to deliver similar justice to the 290 members of the British coal staff superannuation scheme in my constituency and, indeed, all those affected across the UK?
I am proud that we have finally ended the injustice of the mineworkers’ pension scheme.
Miners across the country powered our economy for decades, working in the toughest environments; they should not have had to fight for so long for a fair pension.
I travelled to Barnsley with the Secretary of State to meet former mineworkers and talked about the difference that the Labour Government have made.
Of course, we will look at any suggestions that the BCSSS comes forward with.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The US President-elect, Donald Trump, has repeatedly called climate change “a hoax”.
I share the concerns of young people in South Cambridgeshire that these views represent a threat to our efforts to tackle climate change.
The global community is meeting right now at the international climate summit in Azerbaijan—COP29.
Does the Minister believe and share with me the view that the UK must rebuild its leadership by getting back on track with our climate and nature targets?
I agree that it is now more important than ever that the UK shows global leadership, and that is exactly what the Prime Minister, the Foreign Secretary and the Energy Secretary are doing with their presence at COP today—I will be heading out there tomorrow.
I am very keen to work with the hon.
Lady cross-party on these issues.
Working with young people is very important as well.
I am proud that Exeter is already a global leader in climate research.
Does the Minister agree that this Government’s mission on clean power will deliver lower bills, energy security and allow this country to enter COP29 as a world leader when it comes to climate action?
As I have said, showing domestic leadership gives us the credibility to show international leadership too.
We will be doing both.
Forests in North America are being chopped down to supply wood to burn at Drax power station, at a cost of £2 million a day in subsidies, while pensioners will perish this winter.
Does the Minister agree that it is time to end this net zero madness and admit that fossil fuels are “a gift of the God?”