As the first step towards the warm homes plan, we have committed an initial £3.4 billion.
That includes £1 billion towards public sector decarbonisation, because we know that we have to ensure that our schools and hospitals reduce their energy bills.
Decarbonising the public sector is good for our net zero target, but it also releases money for more teachers, nurses and street cleaners, so that savings benefit our communities rather than energy giants.
Schools across Telford are crying out for that investment.
Will the Minister do all she can to decarbonise the public sector in the years to come?
I completely agree; decarbonising our public sector will not only reduce emissions but lower bills.
We estimate that the £1 billion that we have allocated to public sector decarbonisation will reduce bills by about £40 million per year.
That is a big step forward, but there is more work to do.
It is clear that there is a role for all schools across this great United Kingdom to play in public sector decarbonisation.
They also have a role in educating the children in their classrooms, who we want to be the pioneers of tomorrow.
What has been done to ensure that the good things that  happen on the mainland of the United Kingdom are shared with regional Administrations such as the Northern Ireland Assembly?
We will work on that with the devolved Administrations across the United Kingdom.
Good practice is happening across local government and regional government.
We will ensure that everyone can learn from it, and we will deliver the biggest upgrade in a generation.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of Great British Energy on job creation.
The energy transition presents an incredible opportunity for job creation right across the UK, particularly in our industrial and coastal communities.
Through Great British Energy, we will build on Scotland’s reputation as a world leader in energy and secure long-term, well-paid jobs in the industries of the future.
I recently had the privilege of opening an extension to the Kype Muir wind farm in my constituency.
The extension alone will generate enough power for 53,000 homes for 30 years.
My constituency is also home to part of Whitelee, the largest onshore wind farm in Europe.
However, not one of those turbines was manufactured in the UK, let alone locally.
What steps is the Minister taking to develop UK manufacturing capacity in that area?
I know well my hon.
Friend’s constituency—it is next door to mine—and both wind farms she mentions.
She says quite rightly that, for all the expansion in those technologies over recent years, very few of those jobs, particularly in manufacturing, have been in this country.
We will do everything we can, through Great British Energy and the clean industry bonus we have announced today, to grow our domestic supply chains, build industry in this country and win jobs for Britain.
Last week, just days after the Budget, Apache announced that it would exit the North sea by 2029.
It said:
“The onerous financial impact of the energy profits levy…makes production…beyond 2029 uneconomic.”
What assessment have the Government made of the impact of those policies on current jobs in north-east Scotland, and how will Great British Energy compensate for the loss of those jobs?
We are working with industry in the north-east of Scotland to ensure that this is a just and prosperous transition.
We have announced our next steps of responding to court judgments, and a consultation is open at the moment.
We will have more to say about that in the months ahead.
The hon.
Lady must recognise that if she wants to see investment from Great British Energy, she might actually have to support its creation in the first place.
The Conservatives cannot have it both ways; either they want a public energy company to invest in the jobs of the future—
We don’t.
Or they do not, as her right hon.