As Ministers know, the European powerhouse of critical minerals is Cornwall, including its vast quantities of lithium, essential for our transition away from fossil fuels.
Will the Ministers agree with the industry’s call for a target of 50,000 tonnes of lithium?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question and look forward to meeting him shortly to talk about tin among other things.
We are looking at our critical   minerals strategy; there is a big role to play in his neck of the woods for lithium and tin, and we will be pushing that as hard as we can.
Ahead of the general election the Labour party was warned that its plans for the North sea in Scotland would lead to up to 100,000 Scottish job losses.
Last week this became a reality when the US oil firm Apache said that it would end all its operations in the North sea by the end of 2029, citing this UK Government’s Budget and tax regime.
Can the Minister explain why this UK Government sees the jobs and livelihoods of oil and gas workers in the north-east of Scotland as expendable?
I do not believe that at all.
This Government are committed to a just and prosperous transition.
The reality is that 100,000 jobs have been lost in the oil and gas industry in the past 10 years.
If we do not recognise that there is a transition under way and put in place the measures to produce the jobs of the future, we will have more losses.
The party that the hon.
Member represents could have done something about that by supporting Great British Energy headquarters in Aberdeen but he failed to show up and vote for it.
I declare an interest as a chair of the all-party parliamentary group for critical minerals.
Domestic supplies of copper and, of course, Cornish tin are critical to the UK’s energy security.
What consideration has the Minister given to ensuring that copper and tin are recognised as critical minerals?
The process in terms of what is on the list of critical minerals is independent, but I have a strong interest, as does my hon.
Friend, in ensuring that we produce as many critical minerals here as we can and that the supply chains around the world are working for us.
I am looking at a critical minerals strategy, which will come forward in due course.
12.39 pm
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Ministers have repeatedly said today that the NESO report shows that their plans will lower energy bills, but page 78 of the report makes it clear that no such thing will happen.
If Ministers read their own report and realise that they have misled the House, would it be appropriate for them to come back and apologise?
I am not responsible for Ministers’ answers, but I am sure Ministers will have heard that point of order, and if they wish to correct the record, they can do so.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions when she plans to respond to the Social Security Advisory Committee’s letter, published on  17 October 2024 , on the means-testing of winter fuel payments.
We welcome the letter from the chair of the Social Security Advisory Committee.
We were hoping to respond to the letter on the day of the Budget.
Regrettably, there has been an unexpected further delay, and we are due to issue the response this week.
However, my officials met the committee in August to discuss the regulations, prior to the committee’s formal scrutiny in early September.
I want to explain briefly why it is important to invoke the urgency procedure in this case.
We needed to make the necessary Exchequer savings in the current financial year, as the regulations needed to come into force on  16 September .