Lady has a specific issue to raise and would like to write to me, I will make sure it is passed on to him.
I call the shadow Minister, whom I welcome to the Front Bench.
When I asked the Secretary of State about the appointment of Rachel Kyte as his international climate envoy during our last questions session, he failed to say whether Quadrature Capital’s £4 million donation to the Labour party had been declared to the Department before her appointment, and I have still not received a reply to my letter of  17 October .
Will the Minister tell me whether the Secretary of State declared those interests to the Department before Rachel Kyte’s appointment, and whether Ministers have ever met directors of Quadrature Capital or Quadrature Climate Foundation?
I am sure that the shadow Minister will receive a reply to her letter in due course, but I can tell her that Rachel Kyte is extremely well respected, and that her appointment as our special representative has been welcomed across the board.
What progress he has made on achieving clean energy by 2030.
What progress he has made on achieving clean energy by 2030.
What progress he has made on achieving clean power by 2030.
What progress he has made on achieving clean power by 2030.
In just four short months, we have made rapid progress on achieving our mission for clean power by 2030.
We have set up Great British Energy and announced its headquarters in Aberdeen, secured a record-breaking 131 renewables projects, and consented to record amounts of solar.
We are getting on with delivering lower bills, energy security, good jobs and climate action.
Rolls-Royce in Derby is an international leader in research on and the development of small modular reactors, and it is fantastic that the Government have acknowledged the role that SMRs will play in clean power generation, energy security and green jobs.
In the Budget, we heard that the final decision on Great British Nuclear’s SMR  competition will conclude next spring.
Does the Minister agree that it is important for this opportunity to be seized as soon as possible?
I agree with my hon.
Friend that nuclear will play a central role in our clean power mission, and will continue to be a critical part of our energy mix as we progress towards 2030 and far beyond.
Great British Nuclear is continuing to drive forward the competition on small modular reactors, with bids currently being evaluated by the Department, and I look forward to having more to say about this in due course.
I call the Chair of the Energy Security and Net Zero Committee.
The last Government held a consultation on electricity market arrangements, but despite having said that that was their flagship policy in this area, they did not publish the results of that consultation.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that electricity and, indeed, energy market reform is crucial to achieving the Government’s stated 2030 clean energy targets and to reducing bills, and can he say whether this Government will publish the results of the last Government’s consultation and if so, when?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend again on his appointment as Chair of the Select Committee—he brings a huge amount of knowledge and experience to the role—and I agree with him about the importance of reviewing electricity market arrangements.
We are building on the last Government’s consultation, and we will have more to say in the months ahead.
This is a crucial element of how we achieve clean power by 2030 and ensure that our energy system of the future is fit for what will be a different way of managing energy throughout the country.
We will have more to say about that in the months ahead.