However, my officials met the committee in August to discuss the regulations, prior to the committee’s formal scrutiny in early September.
I want to explain briefly why it is important to invoke the urgency procedure in this case.
We needed to make the necessary Exchequer savings in the current financial year, as the regulations needed to come into force on  16 September .
The previous Government left us with a £22 billion black hole, with Treasury reserves spent three times over.
The day-to-day departmental spending set out by the previous Government in their spring Budget was not even close to reality.
It is now up to us to clear up the mess of the previous Government, so we had to take some difficult decisions, such as means-testing the winter fuel payment, but we remain determined to do everything possible to support the poorest pensioners.
We have taken immediate action to increase the take-up of pension credit, working with charities and local authorities and through a campaign in print and broadcast media.
The Government have written to more than 12 million pensioners about the changes to means-testing the winter fuel payment.
We have also written to 120,000 pensioners on housing benefit, who could be entitled to pension credit, to encourage them to claim.
We have extended the household support fund until March 2026.
Thanks to our steadfast commitment to the triple lock, more than 12 million pensioners will see their state pension rise by up to £470 next year, and up to £1,900 over the course of this Parliament.
The warm home discount, which we heard about a minute ago, is worth £150 off energy bills for low-income households.
The warm homes plan will in the longer term insulate 5 million more homes.
By taking these difficult decisions, we were able to provide a cash injection of £22.6 billion to the NHS budget, which is the largest real-terms growth in day-to-day NHS spending—outside of covid—since 2010.
That will bring down waiting times for people across the country, including many pensioners.
We are taking the responsible and difficult decisions to clear up the mess of the previous Government, to fix the foundations of our economy and rebuild our public services.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for granting this urgent question.
This Government made a choice to take away the winter fuel payment from 10 million pensioners this winter and to rely on the notoriously under-claimed pension credit as a system of means-testing it.
That choice will make life harder for pensioners across the country.
It will see 750,000 of the poorest pensioners miss out on much-needed help with the cost of heating, and according to the Labour party’s own research, it could lead to 4,000 additional deaths this winter.
The Government know that.
That is why they have not done an impact assessment.
Perhaps it is why, after seven weeks, they still have not responded to the concerns of their own advisory committee.
The committee wrote the Secretary of State a letter containing its concerns about how the policy will affect the poorest people.
It said that 70% of disabled pensioners will miss out on their payment this winter, and it suggested expanding the eligibility for winter fuel payments beyond pension credit because the committee knows that the Government’s savings are based on a third of the poorest pensioners missing out.
In direct contrast to the Government, the committee said that
“a more detailed assessment is urgently required”,
as colleagues from all parts of the House—including Labour Members—charities and pensioner groups across the country have also said.
Here we are, seven weeks later, and the Secretary of State is yet to even respond to the advisory committee.
In fact, she is not even here to answer this urgent question.
I ask the Minister: will the Government now, after seven weeks, respond to their own advisory committee?