The question is: why are they objecting to all these new jobs that we will be creating across our country?
What steps he is taking to introduce a warm homes plan.
What steps he is taking to introduce a warm homes plan.
What steps he is taking to introduce a warm homes plan.
We are committed to an ambitious warm homes plan, which will upgrade homes across the country, making them warmer and cheaper to run, by installing new insulation and rolling out low carbon heating such as solar and heat pumps.
As a first step, the Government have committed an initial £3.4 billion over the next three years towards upgrading homes.
We have already hit the ground running with the roll out of our warm homes local grant, and our warm homes social housing fund.
We will set out more details in due course.
Too many of my constituents are living in poorly insulated social housing.
New mother Dionne, for instance, had the insulation from her flat removed last year by her social landlord because it was full of mould and mildew.
She is now facing her second winter without insulation.
Will the Minister confirm that the warm homes plan will introduce tough new standards to ensure that social housing providers get on and insulate their housing stock?
Yes, absolutely.
Raising standards in the social housing sector will be a critical part of our warm homes plan.
We have already announced plans to lift 1 million renters out of fuel poverty by raising the minimum energy efficiency standard in both the private and the social-rented sector, which will ensure that renters no longer have to live in cold, drafty homes.
We will also unlock £1 billion-worth of investment to the national wealth fund in partnership with leading banks to upgrade more social homes, and we will set out more detail to build on that in due course.
I thank the Minister for her commitment to the warm homes plan.
Many of my constituents in North Somerset have written to me in recent weeks, detailing their concerns that the scheme does not take sufficient account of higher energy usage due to long-term illnesses.
Will the Minister share whether the Department has any plans to look into uplifting the warm home discount for participants with relevant long-term illnesses?
We recognise that many vulnerable people, including those with high energy usage, often bear the greatest burden when energy prices increase.
That is why we are doing all we can, including by working with energy companies, to make sure that we are providing additional support this winter and beyond.
I will take my hon.
Friend’s point away and follow up with him in due course.
Given that 64% of homes in Shipley have an energy performance certificate rating of D or below, I very much welcome the Government’s commitment to the warm homes plan.
The charity Groundwork provides a “warm homes healthy people” scheme across Bradford district, installing energy-efficiency measures, and offering advice and support on energy bills.
Does the Minister agree that local charities need support to continue to help those who are most in need this winter?
It is a national scandal that so many homes across the country have an EPC rating that is below C—a failure of the last Government to deliver the scale of home upgrades that we need.
We are determined to end the injustice of people living in cold and draughty homes.
I completely agree that we must do everything we can to support vulnerable households with their energy bills this winter.
That is why we are providing 3.3 million households with the warm home discount, why we are working with energy suppliers to provide additional support, including through charities, and why we have extended the household support fund.