Lady must recognise that if she wants to see investment from Great British Energy, she might actually have to support its creation in the first place.
The Conservatives cannot have it both ways; either they want a public energy company to invest in the jobs of the future—
We don’t.
Or they do not, as her right hon.
Friend has just confirmed from the Back Benches.
She cannot have it both ways.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
The Budget was a major step forward, paving the way for investment in clean, home-grown power, creating jobs and delivering energy security.
Last week, the National Energy System Operator provided definitive evidence that our clean power mission is achievable and can give us greater energy security and lower energy costs.
The Conservatives have spent the past year arguing for a system that would keep the British people locked into energy insecurity and higher costs.
While they are locked in arguments about the past, we are getting on with delivering lower bills, energy security and good jobs for the British people.
The price cap rise, winter fuel payment cuts, higher standing charges and lower temperatures are all things that my constituents in Edinburgh West—particularly my pensioners—are coming to me with concerns about.
What is the Secretary of State planning to do to work with Ofgem and the energy companies to come up with a fairer set of circumstances for my constituents and others in similar situations?
We are looking to bring down standing charges.
The hon.
Lady has mentioned a lot of cases where people are struggling; we appreciate that, and we are doing what we can.
The Budget set out how we are going to protect the most vulnerable people and ensure that people are supported in the way they need to be.
We have a lot to do after 14 years of Conservative Government; we are trying to unravel that and support people.
Our push for clean energy by 2030 will lead to lower bills, and that is what we will be working on.
Following on from the exciting announcement of the £1 billion investment in wind power, it would be remiss of me not to mention the Severn estuary to the west of Weston-super-Mare, with its transformative potential for the generation of clean, renewable energy.
The potential of domestic energy has been neglected for far too long in a world where global energy markets and the cost of living are turbulent.
Does the Minister agree that the Conservative party appears to have learned absolutely nothing during its time in office, presiding over the worst cost of living crisis in generations and failing to act—
Order.
Topical questions should be short and punchy.
I am sure you are going to get to the end of your question any minute now.
Can I urge the Minister to go further and faster in delivering clean power for our communities, which the NESO report so clearly stated would lead to lower bills and energy security?
My hon.
Friend is right; there are good projects right across the country that we hope to invest in in the lead-up to delivering in 2030.
The NESO report clearly set out that our aim is achievable.
The Conservative party wants to continue having the arguments of the past; we are determined, with ambition, to deliver on the arguments of the future.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The Prime Minister is set to announce at the conference of the parties that he is making the UK’s already stringent carbon emission targets even higher.
That is despite the fact that we contribute only 1% of global emissions, while the leaders of the world’s highest-emitting countries—making up over 60% of emissions—are not attending.