On the second point first, at this COP we want to ensure that we fully operationalise the loss and damage fund, so we then start getting money into it and channelling money to developing countries.
We also want to do that through the new collective quantified goal, which we hope will be ambitious and multi-layered.
On the question of looking at our policies across the piece, that is very much my job.
We will be responding soon to the Committee on Climate Change’s report, which the hon.
Lady will know was quite critical of the previous Government’s action.
We will be setting out our plan to implement the NDC and looking at the next carbon budget.
All those things require effort share across Departments to ensure we actually meet them.
It is about not just setting ambitious targets, but making sure that, unlike the previous Government, we have a strategy to get us there.
rose—
I call Noah Law.
Are you standing?
indicated dissent.
Okay, I call Toby Perkins.
Here’s a man who is ready to go!
I am ready to go, and so is the Prime Minister—it is great to see him in Baku showing leadership.
The recent Cali conference was a disappointment.
Ultimately, nations were not able to reach agreement.
Alongside the positive steps the UK Government are taking, what conversations are we having with international partners to recognise the necessity of an agreement that brings all western nations together in showing equal ambition?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question.
I know he was at Cali.
There was some progress on such issues as digital sequence information, but more needs to be done.
We are very seized of the need to join up action on the nature and climate crisis.
When I head out to COP29 tomorrow, Members will hopefully hear more from us on our efforts to protect forests and on the support we are giving to countries at risk of deforestation.
We are also looking at nature-based solutions to climate change.
The nature Minister—the Under-Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Coventry East (Mary Creagh) —will be out there as well, and we will have more to say, but I entirely agree with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Chesterfield (Mr Perkins)  that we cannot deal with one crisis in isolation from the other.
For the UK to be an international leader on climate change we need to bring the business community with us.
The Summer Berry Company in my constituency recently invested £8 million in ensuring it is carbon neutral, but it was then quoted a further £3 million to be able to feed its excess energy into the grid.
What is the Minister doing to make additional grid connections affordable and accessible for green businesses?
The energy Minister—the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rutherglen (Michael Shanks) —is very much involved with that issue.
We have also set up the energy superpower mission board, headed by Chris Stark.
I had a conversation with him yesterday about what we can do to ensure grid capacity and grid connections in the right places.
If the hon.
Lady has a specific issue to raise and would like to write to me, I will make sure it is passed on to him.
I call the shadow Minister, whom I welcome to the Front Bench.
When I asked the Secretary of State about the appointment of Rachel Kyte as his international climate envoy during our last questions session, he failed to say whether Quadrature Capital’s £4 million donation to the Labour party had been declared to the Department before her appointment, and I have still not received a reply to my letter of  17 October .