We are getting on with delivering jobs and growth, delivered with public ownership through Great British Energy.
Before the election, Labour said that Great British Energy would cut electricity bills by £300.
After the election, the Labour Government voted against writing that into law and instead took away people’s winter fuel payments and made their bills more expensive.
The  Institute for Fiscal Studies has now said that their policies are fundamentally raising prices for consumers to the tune of £120 per household, and we know from the NESO report that this will get worse.
Even if they triple the pace of wind roll-out, double the pace of grid connection and make other heroic assumptions, all of this is going to bump up costs further, is it not?
We are doing this from the basis of having the high electricity prices in Europe.
What assessment has the Minister made of the impact on British industry?
Question after question from the Conservatives shows that they do not recognise the part they played for 14 years in why we are paying higher bills than ever before.
We are the only party with an ambitious plan to get us off the volatile fossil fuel markets.
The Conservatives used to believe that, in our drive to net zero, we should build this infrastructure for the long term.
They are now opposing it, but they will have to tell their constituents why they want to leave them exposed to rising bills.
Whether he plans to support the development of fusion power plants connected to the grid.
We agree that fusion could be a globally transformative green energy solution.
The UK Government’s fusion programme continues to lead the world in the development of fusion energy, and our ambition is to continue to do so.
Two weeks ago, the Budget announcement that the first fusion power plant will be built in Bassetlaw was welcome news.
Can the Minister provide greater detail on this commitment, alongside the funding support being made available for the next financial year?
My hon.
Friend is a great champion for her constituency, and I was pleased to meet her to talk about this issue and to hear her Westminster Hall debate.
I look forward to visiting her constituency later this month to see the fusion café and to visit West Burton, the site of the STEP project, after which I hope to be able to share more detail on how we will support fusion.
Dounreay, in my constituency, was the site of the UK’s first fission reactor.
Today, we have a highly skilled workforce, a licensed site and a local population that warmly supports the industry.
Will the Government seriously consider involving Dounreay as we bring fusion to its wonderful fruition?
I think fusion has huge potential, and so many companies stand to benefit.
It is not just about the ultimate goal of fusion energy; it is also about all the technological advances we will discover.
I have spoken to fusion companies which are, for example, finding uses for cancer treatment.
I am very interested to hear what the hon.
Gentleman has to say about the possibilities of fusion in his constituency.
We want to see this proceed.
If he drops me a line, I will be happy to explore the opportunities in his patch.
I call the shadow Minister.
We have spoken a lot about the Conservative party’s record in government, and I am very proud of our record on fusion.
We launched the Fusion Futures programme to provide up to £55 million of funding to train more than 2,000 people, we became the first country in the world to regulate fusion as a distinct energy technology, and we launched the process to build the spherical tokamak for energy production—I cannot say that as quickly—at what will be the first fusion power plant at West Burton in Nottinghamshire. [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”]
Members are very welcome.