TikTok had not even been dreamt of.
In 2011, an estimated one in eight 10 to 15-year-olds had a probable mental health problem.
Now, it is one in five.
The world has changed and we need a youth strategy that reflects that.
This is not a decision we take lightly.
I have spoken to the chair and chief executive.
I am so grateful to them for their commitment to work closely together to protect young people and staff, to share learnings and expertise, and to ensure there is an orderly transition from the end of the NCS programme to what comes next.
I am delighted to announce that the current NCS chair, Harris Bokhari, will be an adviser on the national youth strategy.
His experience will be invaluable as we step into a new way of working together with the country’s young people.
As part of this, I would also like to thank the NCS youth advisory board.
I hope it will play a major role in our strategy.
It is committed, as we are, to building a country of connected, confident and caring young citizens.
We will work closely with the whole youth sector to transform our work so that it better supports youth workers.
Local authorities’ youth funding fell by 73% under the previous Government and we know that this presents a significant challenge.
Despite the disastrous economic situation we inherited, I am determined that we will rise to this moment.
For so many young people, it is councils and combined authorities who hold the key to unlocking their potential.
To facilitate them, I will be launching a local youth transformation pilot in the next financial year to support local authorities to build back lost capability and provide tools, guidance and funding to improve their youth offers and empower young people in every community.
I have also decided to increase the total funding for other Department for Culture, Media and Sport youth programmes to ensure that young people can continue to access opportunities, no matter where they are from.
We recognise the urgent need for young people to have welcoming places that they have a stake in.
That is why, in the next financial year, my Department will allocate over £85 million of capital funding to places where it is most needed.
That includes launching the new better youth spaces fund, with at least £26 million for youth clubs to buy new equipment and do renovations.
We will also complete the youth investment fund projects that are under way.
True to our commitment to putting young people back in charge of their own destinies, we will ensure that they guide our decisions when we choose the spaces to support.
We know that buildings are worth nothing without the army of trusted adults dedicated to helping young people to thrive.
As we develop the youth strategy, I will continue to ensure we are recruiting and training the youth workers who are a lifeline for young people.
From the initial youth guarantee areas, which will help young people into employment or training, to the first young futures hubs and local prevention partnerships, this Government are committed to breaking down barriers to opportunity.
We are also expanding the creative careers programme to widen access to creative employers across the country, and we have committed to continued investment in multi-sport facilities.
In addition to that funding, I am announcing that youth, financial inclusion, social investment and community wealth funds will each receive a significant portion of the next £350 million of dormant assets funding.
I am pleased to tell the House that, of that, £100 million will be dedicated to youth outcomes between 2024 and 2028.
There will be more detail to come when we publish our dormant assets strategy.