We will be doing both.
Forests in North America are being chopped down to supply wood to burn at Drax power station, at a cost of £2 million a day in subsidies, while pensioners will perish this winter.
Does the Minister agree that it is time to end this net zero madness and admit that fossil fuels are “a gift of the God?”
It perhaps will not surprise the hon.
Gentleman or the House that I am not going to agree with his final point.
Net zero is incredibly important to deliver climate leadership, lower bills and the jobs of the future.
But on biomass, we rightly expect full compliance with all regulatory obligations on biomass, and consumers rightly recognise the high standard of accountability from generators.
In my constituency there are nearly 1,500 members of the mineworkers’ pension scheme.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend the Minister on the superb decision made in the Budget to return the investment of the reserve to them.
I understand that this will mean a 32% rise in their weekly pension.
Can the Minister confirm that this is correct?
That is correct.
It will mean, on average, an extra £29 a week, putting right a wrong that has persisted for far too long.
Although the money is important and a key part of it, we have done the right thing—and about time too.
Some 112,000 members across the country will benefit.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for permitting me to raise this important constituency matter from the Back Benches.
On  2 July    this year, during the installation of a ground source heat pump in a constituent’s back garden, a gas field was struck and gas was released.
On  19 October  there was an explosion, which resulted in the deaths of two of my constituents and the continuing evacuation of 50 households.
Matters related to the period between  2 July  and  19 October  are subject to investigation.
I am advised that this is the first such instance of gas being encountered, but given that ground source heat pumps are expected to play a significant role in decarbonising home heating, will the Minister undertake to review the regulations covering the installation of ground source heat pumps, and will she arrange a meeting for me with the relevant Minister to discuss these matters further?
I am sorry to hear about the incident that the hon.
Gentleman has raised.
We absolutely need to ensure, as we roll out all low-carbon technology, that standards are at the highest level.
I undertake to meet him to understand the specific circumstances and see what we can do in terms of reviewing regulation.
The Joint European Torus fusion experiment in Oxfordshire has been delivering fantastic scientific results, standing at the forefront of UK science and the fusion experiment internationally.
As JET begins to be decommissioned as we move forward to our next large experiment in Bassetlaw, can the Minister comment on how we will retain all the excellent science expertise that has been built up in JET over the past decade?
I got to see the JET project when I visited Culham.
There is huge potential for a cluster there.
Many more companies are being attracted to that sector.
My hon.
Friend is right that we need to maximise the skills that are there, but I am confident, having spoken to companies that have been attracted to Culham, and having spoken to international companies too, that we will continue to do so.
Many homes in my constituency are off grid, which means that their owners have to fill up the tank at the beginning of winter to keep warm.
The pensioners who have lost the winter fuel payment are struggling with that up-front amount.
Will the Minister review the level at which the winter fuel payment is removed, because the most vulnerable are struggling?
We are doing everything we can to help the households that will struggle with bills this winter.