We will come on to life peers shortly.
This is an important change that was in our manifesto.
As you will recognise, Madam Chair, it is important because we need equality of representation, which is vital if we are to retain confidence in the way in which both this House and the other place operate.
It is 66 years since women were allowed to sit in the other place, but there are currently no women among the hereditary peers there, and I for one am embarrassed by that.
It is a disgrace.
As a member from the north-west, I should add that it has not escaped my attention, or that of my constituents, that individuals from my part of this great nation are under-represented in the other place—especially, again, among the hereditary peers.
According to the Electoral Reform Society, 35% of hereditary peers live in London and the south-east.
I do not accept that a hereditary peer who is the son of a duke, an earl, a viscount or a marquess is any better prepared to scrutinise education than the daughter of a plumber or the son of a nurse.
Bolney in Twineham parish in my constituency hosts the Rampion windfarm substation, which leads to several battery energy storage solution applications.
What reassurance can the Minister give my constituents about the adequacy of the regulatory framework?
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps he is taking to establish international leadership on climate change.
Today, the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Doncaster North (Ed Miliband) , is already at COP29 in Baku, where he will be leading climate negotiations.
He sends his apologies.
The Prime Minister is also at COP29 and will be speaking at the global leaders summit, announcing our ambitious 1.5°C-aligned nationally determined contribution and showing that the UK is truly back on the international stage.
A written statement will also be made later today.
I welcome the leadership the Government are showing, in particular on NDCs, as my hon.
Friend mentions.
The news that this year is likely to be the hottest on record across the world is deeply concerning and reminds us that climate breakdown is a global challenge that we must all face.
Does the Minister agree that we must have ambitious plans at home, so that we can go to COP and challenge other world leaders to do more to tackle climate change?
I completely agree with my hon.
Friend.
There is a direct link between taking action to protect the British people at home and leading on climate action abroad.
If we want to protect our country from future energy shocks and the runaway cost of climate chaos, we must work with other countries to protect our planet.
We now have the credibility to do that because of the action we have taken since entering government, as was apparent when I attended pre-COP meetings in Baku last month and as the Prime Minister will demonstrate in Baku today.
I warmly welcome the new Government target to cut carbon emissions, and I know the Secretary of State and the Minister thoroughly understand the importance of joined-up action on climate justice.
Can she tell us whether every single Government policy across every Government Department will now be assessed to check  whether it is compatible with 1.5°?
What steps are the Government taking to ensure the global south is properly compensated for climate loss and damage?
On the second point first, at this COP we want to ensure that we fully operationalise the loss and damage fund, so we then start getting money into it and channelling money to developing countries.
We also want to do that through the new collective quantified goal, which we hope will be ambitious and multi-layered.
On the question of looking at our policies across the piece, that is very much my job.