Now he is at his desk in my Department starting the work to investigate the billions of pounds lost to fraud and underperforming contracts, and instead ensuring that that money is where it belongs—in our public services.
My constituents expect the Government to treat taxpayer money with the utmost respect.
However, during the pandemic the Conservatives handed out contracts to their friends and donors and failed to prevent fraud, using the crisis as a cover for their greed.
Does the Chancellor agree with me that that money belongs to the taxpayer?
My hon.
Friend’s constituents in Thurrock are right to be angry about the waste and corruption that happened under the previous Government.
That money belongs to the British people and in our public services, not in the pockets of fraudsters taking advantage of a national emergency.
Tom Hayhoe will leave no stone unturned in investigating the carnival of fraud that the previous Government presided over, including in PPE contracts, where they recommended any attempts to reclaim that money be abandoned.
Letting huge sums of taxpayers’ money be wasted would be egregious and I will not tolerate that.
The Treasury consistently insists that only 500 farms a year will be impacted by the family farm tax.
However, the Central Association for Agricultural Valuers calculates that the real number will be five times higher and will include many farms in my Gordon and Buchan constituency.
Who is right: the Treasury or the experts?
We have published the detail of how that money is raised, but the numbers from His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs are very clear: only a quarter of estates will pay any additional tax.
At the moment, the vast majority of agricultural property relief is enjoyed by a very small number of very large and very expensive estates.
That is not affordable, and it will not continue.
I declare an interest: I am a member of Unite the Union.
The Grangemouth refinery costs £100 million a year to run, and its economic contribution to Scotland exceeds £400 million per annum.
Unite has a credible plan to save the refinery and prevent thousands of job losses.
Will the Treasury consider the plan, and meet me, Unite and the refinery owners to discuss its viability and Government intervention for the public good?
I am happy to arrange a meeting between my hon.
Friend and the relevant Minister.
Last week, the Chancellor told the CBI conference that she would not come back
“with more borrowing or more taxes”.
Last Wednesday, the Prime Minister hung her out to dry and refused to repeat those words.
Will she repeat them today and rule out any more borrowing or any more taxes—yes or no?
At the Budget in October, we had to fill a £22 billion black hole left by the previous Government.
We will never have to repeat a Budget like this one, because we will not have to clear up the mess of the previous Government ever again.
I call the shadow Minister.
A cornerstone of sound management is economic certainty, but this Government seem to specialise in creating economic uncertainty; most recently they did so by delaying the date for the critical multi-year spending review.
It looks like the Chancellor does not have a grip on either her Cabinet colleagues’ spending plans or her own plans for public sector productivity.
Which is it—or is it both?
The hon.
Gentleman talks about uncertainty, but he was a Minister in the Treasury under Liz Truss, when huge damage was done to families’ and businesses’ finances.
Frankly, I will take no lessons from Conservative Members on how to run the economy.
We have already done phase 1 of the spending review; phase 2 will begin shortly and be concluded next year, when we will make multi-year settlements on resource departmental expenditure limits and capital budgets for the next few years.
The Chancellor may find that in her job, she needs to listen and learn lessons.