One aspect of support that the UK could offer Ukraine is expired medical equipment and dressings.
A charity based in Axminster in my constituency, called Medics4Ukraine, has just got back from Odesa.
It has been training municipal workers, and it says that it needs dressings, haemostatic dressings and gauzes.
Will she speak to her counterparts in the Department of Health and Social Care to see whether some of the expired items could be released for that purpose?
I refer the hon.
and gallant Gentleman to the discussion in the Adjournment debate last night on medical assistance in conflict.
The UK has an enormous amount of resource in that area.
I will certainly look into what is possible and write to him with what we are already doing in relation to Ukraine.
I very much welcome the statement, the ongoing commitment we have seen from this Government and the co-operation with the previous Government on Ukraine, because it is not just about security in Europe, as these things are in our self-interest.
May I impress on the Minister that if Ukraine is allowed to fall, it will not just be a European problem?
So much grain that is grown in Ukraine finds its way to Africa.
If Ukraine falls, people in Africa will starve, too.
I thank my hon.
Friend for making an important point.
We all watched two summers ago with bated breath as the Black sea grain negotiations occurred, and the impact of missing out on that important agricultural wealth in Ukraine, and the deleterious effect it had on developing nations, were of concern to all in  this House.
He is right to speak about the knock-on effects of conflict.
We must redouble our efforts to stop that happening.
Many of the Ukrainian refugees living in my constituency have expressed relief and gratitude that there has been continuity of policy in still supporting Ukraine with the change of Government.
But at a time when Russia is finding that its economy is affected by the war and is having to rely on Iran, China and Korea to continue the war, does the Minister think it unwise to start talking of negotiations about land and so on, which will only encourage Putin and his regime?
Should we not be talking about increasing the resolve of our partners, giving military support and seizing Russian assets to let Ukraine use them?
There is no change in the UK position; we have always said that we will support Ukraine to achieve a just peace on its own terms.
The Prime Minister has been clear, including in his speech last night, that we must continue to back Ukraine and do what it takes to support its self-defence for as long as it takes.
The Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee made a strong case about the financial pressure that Russia finds itself in.
What additional pressure can we place on Russia?
Are there any plans to introduce a sanctions Bill?
I thank my hon.
Friend, the Chair of the Work and Pensions Committee—we have a good showing of Select Committee Chairs in the House today.
I reassure her that the UK has imposed measures on over 2,100 individuals and entities, the most wide-ranging sanctions ever imposed on a major economy.
Most recently, we have imposed sanctions against 69 vessels in Russia’s shadow fleet transporting Russian oil outside G7 sanctions.
May I say how pleased I am—I am sure that I speak for everybody across the House—that through our leadership on sanctions, with our best legal minds, we have managed to bring in all those financial penalties against the aggressor?
I thank the Minister for her answers.
President Zelensky has been clear that NATO membership must mean article 5 including the entirety of Ukraine territories.
What discussion has the FCDO, and perhaps the Minister, had with our NATO allies to ensure that that is the case?