Lady in her constituency, but perhaps the need for advice would be less if public services were stronger.
One of the reasons we are taking these difficult decisions on taxation, welfare and spending is precisely to ensure that these public services can provide the service that people need.
We all want to see stronger public services.
According to Hightown Housing Association, the estimated extra total cost of the national insurance contribution changes will be £860,000 per year—money that would allow the association to pay the interest on a loan of around £17 million, which would pay for around 60 social homes.
Will the Chancellor say whether she will conduct an impact assessment of these national insurance contribution changes on the number of social homes?
The Liberal Democrat spokesperson began her question by saying that we all want public services; the problem is that not all of us in this Chamber are prepared to pay for them.
That is exactly why we have to take difficult decisions to ensure that we can fund our ambitious plans for the NHS, education and indeed housing.
The impact of the impact assessment is published in the tax information and impact note, which is published alongside the legislation, which I am sure   the hon.
Lady will have seen.
It comes down to the basic point that we have to make tough decisions on taxation if we want to fund those public services.
What fiscal steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to increase the supply of affordable housing.
At the Budget, the Government announced major steps towards delivering a once-in-a-generation increase in social housing, including a £500 million boost to the affordable homes programme, increasing annual spend to £3.1 billion.
The Government will set out future grant investment beyond the current affordable homes programme at phase 2 of the spending review.
In Stoke-on-Trent and Kidsgrove there are many historic buildings that are lying dormant, and they have done so for a very long time.
What steps will the Chancellor take to help to bring these beautiful buildings back into use as affordable homes for local people?
Stoke-on-Trent has a proud industrial history and some beautiful buildings.
My hon.
Friend makes an important point—I will raise it with colleagues at the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government.
The £500 million boost to the affordable homes programme also allows up to 10% of that delivery to come from acquiring existing homes.
Social landlords, including some local authorities, can bid for funding to bring empty homes back into use for social housing.
Many of my constituents have benefited over many years from the right to buy their council homes and social housing, which has given them an important step on to the ladder to home ownership.
The discounts in Staffordshire are going to be cut to £16,000.
I do not doubt that the Chancellor, like me, wants to help as many people as possible on to the path to home ownership.
Will she pledge to review that decision with regard to the impact it will have on so many people, and look at restoring that discount in future?
As the right hon.
Gentleman will know, home ownership fell under the previous Government.
We are determined to turn that around and ensure that more people, particularly families, get on to the housing ladder.
As he has confirmed, the right to buy discounts will continue, but in future every penny of that money will go back into building new social housing, so that more people can have a home of their own and a roof over their head.
If she will make an assessment of the potential implications for her policies of the APPG for investment fraud and fairer financial services’ publication entitled “Report on the Call for Evidence about The Financial Conduct Authority”, published on 26 November 2024.
I read that report with great interest and have a lot of sympathy for those who suffered.