Two months later, data has been released showing that the processing of one in four pension credit claims is now taking longer than 50 days.
How much funding was given, will more be provided to try to move this forward, and what conversations is the Minister having with the Department for Work and Pensions to ensure that the funding is spent properly, given that it is taxpayers’ money?
I am a Minister in both the Treasury and the DWP, so I have conversations with officials about this all the time.
We are absolutely determined that those who are eligible for pension credit should be aware that they can apply for it, given our big campaign to raise awareness—only last week we launched a TV campaign on the issue.
We have also deployed an additional 500 staff to process those pension credit claims.
Thanks to our campaign there has been a 145% increase in the number of claims, which is why the processing is taking a little longer, but we are absolutely focused on speeding it up and ensuring that those who are eligible receive the help they need.
What fiscal steps she is taking to increase economic growth in rural areas.
What fiscal steps she is taking to increase economic growth in rural areas.
A prosperous rural economy will be underpinned by improvements in rural connectivity and productivity, the availability of affordable energy, access to public services and a thriving farming sector.
To that end, the Government are investing £5 billion in broadband connectivity, which will support growth in rural areas across the UK.
In addition, we are spending £5 billion for the farming budget in England over the next two years, including the largest amount to be directed at sustainable food production and nature’s recovery in our country’s history.
For generations the grim spectre of highland depopulation haunted the area I come from.
I can remember my own father saying, before North sea oil came along, that I would have to go south; to go away.
Today we have the Inverness and Cromarty Firth green freeport, and we have the prospect of a space launch in Sutherland.
May I ask the Government to consider fiscal means whereby these projects can be assisted?
I warmly invite a Treasury Minister to come north to my constituency to see what we are doing and what we have on offer.
The Chief Secretary to the Treasury will set out any fiscal measures in due course.
I am not sure whether I will get away with committing him to a visit to the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency, but I am sure that many of us would like to visit it.
In fact, I shall be in Scotland in the next few days, but as it is for a Labour party fundraiser, the hon.
Gentleman may not want to join me.
Rural North Shropshire is home to some great independent businesses that we are looking forward to celebrating on Small Business Saturday this week, but they are held back by the business rates system, which benefits big online retailers and holds back investment not only on the high street but in the countryside.
Will the Minister consider a much more radical reform of business rates which takes account of land values, encourages businesses to invest and puts high street retailers on a level playing field with online giants?
Until the hon.
Lady’s last sentence, I thought she was declaring support for our business rates plans, because we are setting out to level the playing field for high street businesses and the online giants.
We are doing that by way of a permanent tax cut for retail, hospitality and leisure businesses on the high street, which is paid for by the higher multiplier for those with a rateable value of £500,000 or more—a category that includes the warehouses used by online companies.
I look forward to the hon.