Lady’s constituency but across the country.
Combined with the corporate tax road map, as well as the commitment to continuing funding for Horizon, our universities and great innovators can look to the future with confidence.
Local leisure and sports facilities, such as the Sovereign centre where I learned to swim, deserve more long-term investment.
I want Eastbourne to be able to invest its £20 million from the towns fund in such facilities, but it will not be unlocked by the Treasury until 2026.
Will the Chancellor commit to accelerating the unlocking of that funding, so that we can invest in facilities for local families and people in Eastbourne much sooner?
I agree it is important that all children learn to swim, especially in our coastal communities.
We had to make difficult decisions at the Budget, but I am happy to try to arrange a meeting between the hon.
Gentleman and the relevant Minister to make sure the investment can go ahead at pace.
What steps she is taking to introduce permanent reductions to business rates for high street retailers.
What steps she is taking to introduce permanent reductions to business rates for high street retailers.
What steps she is taking to introduce permanent reductions to business rates for high street retailers.
To deliver our manifesto pledge, we intend to introduce permanently lower tax rates for high street retail, hospitality and leisure properties from 2026-27.
This tax cut must be sustainably funded, so we intend to introduce a higher rate on the most valuable properties—those with a rateable value of £500,000 or above—from 2026-27.
The Non-Domestic Rating (Multipliers and Private Schools)  Bill, introduced last month, will enable the Government to deliver these changes, and it will come into effect in April 2026.
High streets in my Pendle and Clitheroe constituency were hollowed out under the last Conservative Government, with many shops left empty.
Small, independent businesses are the backbone of our local economy, employing local people, keeping our towns vibrant and giving them their character and charm.
Can the Minister assure me that multinational giants will pay their fair share under Labour, levelling the playing field and enabling our high streets to thrive?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about the importance of small, independent businesses in his constituency, and I am sure his sentiment is shared by Members across the House.
Through our reforms, we are setting out to make sure that those properties with a rateable value of £500,000 or more pay so we can have a permanent tax cut for high street business.
This category includes the large distribution warehouses used by online businesses, which will make sure that those online businesses make a fair contribution to ensuring that our high streets are the success we all want to see.
Ahead of Small Business Saturday, I congratulate St Martha Greek taverna in Nantwich on being the first winner of my Crewe and Nantwich small business of the month competition.
Small businesses on our high streets, such as St Martha, regularly highlight business rates as a significant challenge, so what steps is the Minister taking to ensure that they can continue to thrive?
May I extend my congratulations to St Martha Greek taverna in Nantwich?
Given the time, I am feeling a bit hungry now that we are talking about food.
I reassure my hon.
Friend that our plans to reform the business rates system would see a permanent tax cut for retail, hospitality and leisure businesses.
While I do not know exactly the details or the rateable value of the property in question, I am sure properties like that would be eligible for the cut.
It is crucial that we support those much-loved local businesses.
I am glad he is doing all he can to champion them, and I look forward to my invite.
Many people in my community rely on in-person banking and access to cash.