The measures are a fair and balanced way to fix the public finances, which we desperately needed to do given our inheritance from the Conservative Government.
It is vital that we give value for taxpayers’ money, yet Conservative-run Norfolk county council’s doomed Norwich western link road is costing taxpayers £27,000 per day—that is nearly £50 million so far for not an inch of tarmac.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the Norfolk Tories give us Liz Truss not just in Whitehall, but in county hall?
Minister, you’re running out of road.
The Government will always support local authorities to deliver good value for money road enhancements to support economic growth and improved connectivity.
The Norwich western link road is currently the subject of a live planning application, so I am afraid that I cannot comment further on the specifics.
I cannot help but think that this morning has made for rather depressing listening.
We hear this repetition about a £22 billion black hole, but we are dealing with very serious matters such as people’s employment.
Ultimately I hear the Chancellor talking about a central planning agenda, but it is public services that are the problem; they are wasting money, and we must seriously consider that.
Will the Chancellor accept, if the economy turns down next year, which it surely will, that she has made a mess of it?
We mention the £22 billion because that is the inheritance that the Government now have to address.
We have published a line-by-line account of the £22 billion black hole that the previous Government left.
We are now growing the economy through our national wealth fund, our planning reform and our pensions reform, and we are reforming our public services, so that we can deliver for the people we came here to represent.
As the Treasury team may be aware, there is a growing body of evidence that the growth of the financial sector beyond a certain size has an impact on the economy, particularly the productive economy.
Over a 10-year period, it has cost the rest of the economy £4.5 trillion, so how will the Chancellor ensure that a growing financial sector will not harm the Government’s wider missions and the productive economy?
My hon.
Friend will know that there is a long-standing debate about the relationship between financial and real economy growth, on which there is no consensus.
The Government are clear that we see the financial services sector as a key part of our future economic success.
The growth of the UK economy and our wider missions will not be achieved if we do not champion one of our biggest assets—the growth of the UK’s financial services sector—and mobilise it towards achieving those goals.
Achieving for Children is the arm’s length body of Richmond council that delivers its vital children’s services, yet because of the rise in employer’s national insurance, it now faces a staggering bill of £588,000 because the employees are not directly employed by Richmond council.
When the Chancellor looks at her local government settlement, will she build in reimbursement for councils such as Richmond, or indeed exempt arm’s length bodies?
As the hon.
Member will know, we announced in the Budget an increase in local government funding of 3.2% next year, and the Chancellor announced extra funding for early years providers to deliver Government-funded childcare places, meaning that total funding will be over £8 billion in 2025-26.
I look forward to the hon.
Member’s support for all that extra funding.
Today is International Day of Persons with Disabilities.
With a disability employment gap of nearly 30% and a disability pay gap of nearly 14%, how is the Chancellor helping to address those inequalities?
Just today, the Government launched the disability finance code for entrepreneurship—something championed by my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Business and Trade—to ensure that people from all types of backgrounds, including those with disabilities, can start and grow their own businesses.