We are supporting local leaders and communities through integrated settlements, are investing in the trans-Pennine route upgrade, East West Rail and High Speed 2, and are reshaping public services.
The owner of Horton pharmacy in Epsom has raised concerns about the financial burden that increased employer national insurance contributions will place on community pharmacies.
Pharmacies provide frontline care, and without support, their viability and the accessible healthcare that they offer could be at risk.
That will add pressure to an already strained national health service.
Will the Chancellor reconsider and exempt community pharmacies from the increase?
Primary care providers have yearly negotiations with the Department on what services they provide and what money they are entitled to.
More broadly, the reason why we are, in the Budget, taking difficult decisions about national insurance and other matters is precisely to fund the NHS, so that we have the health service that our country needs and deserves.
Crawley’s public services, not least its schools and the NHS, are set to benefit significantly from the measures set out in the Budget.
Does the Minister agree that Opposition parties cannot have it both ways, claiming to support the investment in our local public services while rejecting every one of the measures necessary to fund them?
In the past four weeks since the Leader of the Opposition was elected, the Conservatives have made £7 billion of commitments to cut taxes, but with no idea of how they would cut public services to afford  them.
I do not know how they will vote on national insurance, but we can see pretty quickly how they ended up leaving us a £22 billion black hole.
The single most important factor in raising living standards, driving income equality and improving children’s life chances is having a job.
Why is the Chancellor disregarding that fundamental truth, with tax policies that will actively harm employment, particularly youth employment?
If we look at the OBR forecasts for this Parliament, employment will increase from 33.1 million to 34.3 million.
The right hon.
Gentleman talks about youth employment.
I suggest that he read our “Get Britain Working” White Paper, which sets out in detail what we will do to help get young people, and people suffering from ill health, back into work.
Last week, the House passed the Second Reading of the Tobacco and Vapes Bill, and I was proud to walk through the voting Lobby with my hon.
Friends.
This Government are committed to implementing the vaping products duty, which complements the Bill, to safeguard our young people.
Will the Minister confirm whether the Government are considering using a digital platform tax for that duty?
As my hon.
Friend set out, the Government confirmed the introduction of a vaping products duty to ensure that young people and non-smokers do not take up vaping.
Registration for the duty will open on the digital platform from  1 April 2026 , and the duty will take effect from  1 October  that year.
On economic black holes, the Labour Mayor of London thinks that Brexit punched a £40 billion black hole in the public finances.
A very simple question for the Chancellor: has leaving the EU been a net positive or a net negative for the public finances?
The Government have no overall estimate of the impact of the UK’s exit from the EU, but the OBR has projected a 4% drop in productivity in the long term.
That is why we are starting negotiations with the EU to improve trade in our mutual interest.
The previous Government left a mess of £22 billion for us to clean up following their short-term decisions and absolute lack of investment in services.
This Government are taking a different approach, with long-term investment for our economic success.
Will the Chancellor work with me to find the £3 million of long-term investment in the port of Rosyth that is required to bring back a ferry between Rosyth and Dunkirk?