I thank the Minister for her answers.
President Zelensky has been clear that NATO membership must mean article 5 including the entirety of Ukraine territories.
What discussion has the FCDO, and perhaps the Minister, had with our NATO allies to ensure that that is the case?
Will she commit in particular to discussing the issue with the current and incoming US Secretaries of State to ensure that a co-ordinated approach is taken on behalf of Ukraine?
As the hon.
Member is aware, Ukraine’s place is in NATO; it has said so itself.
He supports that principle.
Allies agreed in Washington on  10 July  that Ukraine is on an irreversible path to full Euro-Atlantic integration, including NATO membership.
Of course, the UK fully supports that goal.
The hon.
Member plays an important role in that because in the US there are important Irish counterparts, or those who might have heritage there, who will want to hear from him to lay out the case for supporting Ukraine.
Given the NATO Secretary-General’s recent warning about a growing alliance between China, Russia, Iran and North Korea, will the Minister clarify what work the UK is doing to counter that threat?
As my hon.
Friend might have gathered, it is from a position of weakness that those countries are being relied on to shore up support.
That is why it is so important that we look holistically at our sanctions regime, which cannot be just about the current conflict.
It must also be about how we stop the Iranian military juggernaut and how we look at the military industrial complex, which works across all sorts of different regimes.
That is why it is also so important to understand how the economies of the DPRK can tip into Russia and for us to work with countries who support us and do not support that particular access so that we can win the argument as well as the battle.
I am grateful to the Minister for the clarity she has brought to the urgent question.
I do not think anyone in the House agrees that Vladimir Putin can be allowed to get away with taking even a single inch of territory in Ukraine, and I do not think that anyone is not alive to the danger of giving people like that what they want—they always come back for more.
Given those facts, will she confirm that we will back Ukraine for as long as it takes, and that any eventual deal will be completed entirely on Ukraine’s terms and not on Russia’s?
Of course.
That is why we have supported Ukraine as it has made the case for wanting to be in NATO and as it has made the case for being as close as possible to friends in Europe.
That is why we have supported the Ukrainians in their requests for either military or non-military aid.
That is why we have implored others, even as far away as the Indo-Pacific, to assist in this push to ensure that there is as much support as possible to stand up to bullies.
(Urgent question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs if he will make a statement on the outcome of the parliamentary elections in Georgia.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
Following the elections in Georgia on  26 October , the Minister for Europe, North America and the Overseas Territories, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cardiff South and Penarth (Stephen Doughty) , made clear our support for the findings of the OSCE office for democratic institutions and human rights’ election monitoring mission preliminary report on the election.
That report highlighted a range of concerns, including frequent breaches of voter secrecy, procedural inconsistencies and reports of intimidation and pressure on voters, which had a negative impact on public trust in the process.
This has seriously damaged Georgia’s international reputation.