As he has confirmed, the right to buy discounts will continue, but in future every penny of that money will go back into building new social housing, so that more people can have a home of their own and a roof over their head.
If she will make an assessment of the potential implications for her policies of the APPG for investment fraud and fairer financial services’ publication entitled “Report on the Call for Evidence about The Financial Conduct Authority”, published on 26 November 2024.
I read that report with great interest and have a lot of sympathy for those who suffered.
However, a lot of the incidents described happened a very long time ago.
The FCA has made substantial changes in response to those experiences.
That does not mean the end of our engagement with the FCA, but we are continuing to hold it to account and it has made changes since the report came to light.
The FCA has been completely defensive in response to the report.
Since the historical elements quoted by the FCA, 13 major scandals have erupted.
I will not intrude on your time, Mr Speaker, because I am sure that you would not want me to list them all, but Woodford Equity, car finance and others have come to light since the details came out.
Clearly, there is a need to fundamentally reform the FCA so that victims of scandals are properly compensated and the industry is properly regulated in the way that we would all like to see.
I understand that lots of people have suffered, as the report explains, which I said I have read.
However, I do have confidence in the FCA; I have sent it remit letters outlining what we expect it to do to deliver on its objectives.
The FCA is looking at certain things such as its rulebook, which we think is too extensive, to look at rules that no longer need to be applied but, overall, we are working with the FCA closely and we believe that it is trying its best.
It is not possible to have a system where nothing ever goes wrong, but we are trying to minimise that and ensure that there is consumer protection.
The FCA knows that we are working together to deliver on its objectives.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of funding for the Money and Pensions Service.
The Money and Pensions Service plays a vital role in supporting individuals to manage their money effectively.
Its funding levels are regularly reviewed to reflect demand, inflation and evolving needs.
New research from the Centre for Responsible Credit shows that 7.5 million people in this country are going without the debt advice that they need.
We are in a cost of living crisis, so services are severely stretched.
The Money and Pensions Service underestimates need by excluding people who are behind with their bills.
That means that the financial levy that it proposes is not what it needs to be.
Since a third of those who need financial help borrow from buy now, pay later lenders, and given the delay in regulating those companies, will the Minister meet me to look at the funding model of the financial levy and what more we can do to ensure that those profiting from exploiting our constituents pay to repair the damage?
My hon.
Friend has been a tireless campaigner on this issue.
We are reforming buy now, pay later, as the Economic Secretary recently stated in answer to my hon.
Friend in the House.
The Government  recognise the gap between those who need debt and those accessing it, which is why the Money and Pensions Service is exploring ways to improve accessibility, including through outreach initiatives.
We continue to keep a close eye on its funding levels to ensure that they reflect demand.