The previous Government left a mess of £22 billion for us to clean up following their short-term decisions and absolute lack of investment in services.
This Government are taking a different approach, with long-term investment for our economic success.
Will the Chancellor work with me to find the £3 million of long-term investment in the port of Rosyth that is required to bring back a ferry between Rosyth and Dunkirk?
That would bring 51,000 passengers a year to Scotland and take 8.1 million km of freight traffic off the road, and it has the support of large local employers such as Mowi and Amazon.
The Government recognise that ports are an important route to growth, which is why the national wealth fund will deploy at least £5.8 billion   into five priority manifesto sectors, including ports.
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss that specific constituency issue in due course.
WealthTek was placed into administration by the Financial Conduct Authority after losing £80 million of its clients’ money.
FCA-appointed administrators are now deducting fees from victims’ compensation.
My constituents Dominic Knights and his wife have between them lost thousands of pounds.
What is the Treasury doing to safeguard the £85,000 compensation limit?
The FCA is held to account by the Government and Parliament, but Treasury Ministers cannot comment on individual cases, and the Treasury has no stake in the operational issues of the FCA.
I am very happy to meet with the right hon.
Lady and the FCA to discuss that matter, but let me be clear: the FCA is an independent regulator.
What  measures are the Government taking to support small independent retail businesses in town centres such as mine in Mansfield, and will the Chancellor join me in congratulating Mansfield business improvement district on its successful renewal ballot, which was announced last Friday?
I happily join my hon.
Friend in welcoming Mansfield’s success.
We have launched a revamped fair payment code, under which signatories commit to paying their suppliers on time, and the disability finance code for entrepreneurship.
That comes on top of reforms announced at the Budget to protect small businesses, such as doubling the employment allowance to £10,500, and our commitment to maintaining the small profits rate and marginal relief at their current rates and thresholds, as well as to freezing the small business multiplier for 2025-26—
I call Greg Smith.
And like my hon.
Friend, I look forward to small business Saturday this week—
Order. [
Interruption.]
No, we are going to have a little talk now, because this is not fair; I have to get all these other Members in.
I understand that these are set questions, but questions and answers should be short—it works both ways—otherwise I cannot get Members in and it makes my job impossible.
Please work with me.
The owners of a 380-acre farm in my constituency have worked out that they would have to spend 40 years paying back the money that they would have to borrow because of the changes to agricultural property relief.
When will the Chancellor start listening to farmers rather than hiding behind Treasury figures?
We are taking an approach that balances significant tax relief for family farms with the need to fix the public finances in as fair a way as possible.
The hon.
Gentleman will have seen the data that the Treasury  has put out, based on claims data from His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs.
It shows how few farms will in fact be affected.
The measures are a fair and balanced way to fix the public finances, which we desperately needed to do given our inheritance from the Conservative Government.
It is vital that we give value for taxpayers’ money, yet Conservative-run Norfolk county council’s doomed Norwich western link road is costing taxpayers £27,000 per day—that is nearly £50 million so far for not an inch of tarmac.
Does my hon.