At the Lord Mayor’s banquet, the Prime Minister said that it was important to
“put Ukraine in the strongest possible position for negotiations so that they can secure a just and lasting peace on their terms”.
We can all agree that Ukrainians must be able to determine their own future.
I am sure the Minister recognises that the language used by the Prime Minister yesterday evening at the Lord Mayor’s banquet about negotiations is new.
On  21 November  in the House, the Prime Minister made no reference to negotiations for peace, stating:
“We have consistently said that we will do what it takes to support Ukraine and put it in the best possible position going into the winter”,
and that
“Russia could roll back its forces and end this war tomorrow.
”—[Official Report,  21 November 2024 ; Vol.
757, c. 373.]
As the Minister pointed out, the Foreign Secretary stated here on  19 November :
“The final truth is that Putin has no interest in a just peace.
”—[Official Report,  19 November 2024 ; Vol.
757, c. 163.]
We all agree that putting Ukraine in the strongest possible position to counter Russia’s illegal invasion is right.
We are all proud in this House, across this Government and the previous Government, of how we have led on that support to Ukraine and its people.
However, if the Government are framing that through the lens of negotiation, does the Minister believe that that represents a departure from the current approach and from the statements issued in this House?
The Minister will herself have seen President Zelensky’s latest remarks about NATO membership.
It is important for NATO to speak with one voice on these matters, and this unity is absolutely crucial, so can the Minister update the House on the Government’s current position on Ukraine acceding to NATO?
We all continue to see more appalling brutality from Putin, with his pummelling of civilians and Ukraine’s energy systems constantly as winter kicks in, which is starting to hurt the people of Ukraine.
The misery that that could inflict is the most atrocious form of psychological and physical warfare.
The UK has led so much on Ukraine, so can the Minister confirm whether the Government are looking at what more can be done to protect Ukraine’s energy infrastructure?
Can she reassure the House that we will keep on doing everything we can do to support the defence of freedom in Ukraine?
I reassure the right hon.
Lady that there is no change in the UK position.
We have always said that we will support Ukraine to achieve a just peace on its own terms.
The PM has been clear, including in his speech last night, that
“we must continue to back Ukraine and do what it takes to support…self-defence for as long as it takes”,
because it is for Ukraine to determine its position in any future discussions.
Putin cannot be trusted—Russia has violated multiple previous agreements—and the clearest path to peace is for Russia to withdraw its troops from Ukraine tomorrow and respect Ukrainian borders.
On the NATO membership question that the right hon.
Lady poses, Ukraine’s place is in NATO.
The allies agreed in Washington on  10 July  that Ukraine is on an
“irreversible path to full Euro-Atlantic integration, including NATO membership”,
and the UK fully supports that goal.
I call the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee.
While Europeans spend barely the cost of two cups of coffee a week on support for the war in Ukraine, 41% of Russia’s total expenditure is spent on the war.
They have had to cut social security and raise taxes to pay for the war effort.
While speculation about the future of the war is understandable in the current circumstances, it is really important that we remain firm.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that we must remain steadfast in our support for Ukraine?
We stand with Ukraine.