I thank the Chair of the Defence Committee for his questions.
We are all watching closely what is happening in Kursk, and we are extremely concerned by the additional forces from the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, who are estimated to be around 10,000 in number.
It is so sad to see the strong potential for those young men to be victims of this war.
We are also aware that it will be a tough few months while we re-establish our joint working with all partners across the US, the UK and Europe, but of this we can be sure: it is not a good sign or a good message for anyone to see that an aggressive invasion, such as Putin’s invasion across the borders of Ukraine, can somehow be the right thing or that it can be successful.
We must use all our diplomatic tools across the Chamber to speak to friends in the UK and the US who have great friendships with the people of Ukraine and to continue to make the case for the men, women and children of Ukraine.
It is excellent to see all Front-Bench spokesmen, including the Minister, so united on this question.
Does she accept that Putin has made his attitude to the independence of Ukraine—namely, that it should cease to exist as an independent nation—crystal clear, and therefore any enforced treaty to which he is a signatory is utterly and completely worthless?
The right hon.
Gentleman makes an important point about the psychology of this conflict.
It is why it is so important, particularly in these desperate winter months, that we remain firm.
I commend him and others for all their work on the all-party parliamentary group on Ukraine, and all their work on security and intelligence, to provide that important, dedicated cross-party support to Ukraine.
In the end, we know that it is for Ukraine to determine its position on its future, its just peace and its vision for its own people, but we will be behind the Ukrainians so that they know we can be relied on.
I was heartened to hear the Minister say that we would support the self-defence of Ukraine for as long as it takes.
One of the most important aspects of that is the development of new military technology, particularly through joint ventures between the UK and Ukraine on areas such as drones and unmanned aerial vehicles.
One such example is the Black Arrow project.
The first stage of that project has been completed and the drones have been manufactured, but they have been stuck here since May this year, because no export control licence has been granted.
Will the Minister implore her colleagues in the Department for Business and Trade to facilitate  those licences quickly, as those drones will help not just the defence of Ukraine, but our sovereign manufacturing capability for defence?
I commend the chair of the all-party parliamentary group on Ukraine not just for his very long train trips across Ukraine to visit and offer his support, but for his technical knowledge.
If he will give me permission, I will write to him with details of exactly where the project is at, so that he can give reassurance to all of his many followers in Ukraine.
Today, the BBC is reporting a Russian submarine sailing between Japanese islands and close to Taiwan.
Last month, we had reports of a Russian ship being monitored by HMS Cattistock near our own UK waters.
How concerned should we be that Russia is flexing its muscles?
Will the UK be stepping up its direct support to Ukraine and making our troops, particularly our Royal Navy, ready for additional patrols and potential direct involvement to defend our allies and our shores?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her detailed knowledge and her question.
We know that the Euro-Atlantic and Indo-Pacific work closely together on all these Navy questions.