I welcome the right hon.
Member to his place, and look forward to many exchanges with him across the Dispatch Box.
At the Budget in October, as he knows, we had to fix a £22 billion black hole in the public finances.
Some of that black hole comes from the fact that we are the only G7 economy in which employment is lower than it was before the pandemic, when he was Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, so we had to raise taxes to fund our public services; but never again will we have to repeat a Budget like that one, because we have now wiped the slate clean and drawn a line under the mess created by the previous Government.
I did not actually discern any answer to my question, so may I put it this way?
No.
10 has stated that it is not prepared to stand by the Chancellor’s commitment on tax.
Is that because No.
10 changed its mind, or because the right hon.
Lady spoke without thinking?
No Chancellor of the Exchequer would write five years’ worth of Budget in their first five months in post, but I can say that we will never have to deliver a Budget like that again.
We took decisions in this Budget in order to wipe the slate clean after the mismanagement, decline and chaos of the previous Government.
That required us to make difficult decisions, but we were right to make them, so that we can get going with our plans to achieve growth and reform public services, and deliver the NHS and schools that our country desperately needs.
The A50/A500 and Branston bridge in my constituency are just two examples of infrastructure projects that need investment.
What investment is the Department making to improve our roads and infrastructure?
My hon.
Friend has campaigned extensively on this issue in his constituency.
I understand that National Highways continues to develop proposals to improve the A50/A500 corridor through Uttoxeter.
That is part of the pipeline of projects for future road investment strategies.
He will know that in the Budget, we invested £1.6 billion to maintain and renew the nation’s local roads.
That includes a £500 million increase in 2025-26 alone.
Air ambulance charities deliver life-saving treatment to people every single day, yet they are under threat from the Chancellor’s rise in national insurance and taxes.
The Lincolnshire & Nottinghamshire Air Ambulance alone will need to find another £70,000 just to pay the national insurance rises.
Two weeks ago, local right hon.
and hon.
Members and I wrote to the Chancellor on this matter, but we have not yet had a reply.
I ask her now: will she exempt these vital charities, so that they can continue their vital, life-saving work?
The tax rises in the Budget were used to provide a £22.6 billion uplift in the Department of Health and Social Care budget to ensure that our NHS is properly funded.
The NHS will ensure that important services are properly funded, and those allocations will be set out in the normal way.
I understand that the Chancellor will attend the Great Northern conference today in Yorkshire and the Humber.
In the light of that, will she tell us how she will make the most of growth opportunities for our region?
I will head to the Great Northern conference in Hull later this afternoon to speak about the impact of this Government’s policies on Yorkshire and the wider north of England.
We are supporting local leaders and communities through integrated settlements, are investing in the trans-Pennine route upgrade, East West Rail and High Speed 2, and are reshaping public services.
The owner of Horton pharmacy in Epsom has raised concerns about the financial burden that increased employer national insurance contributions will place on community pharmacies.
Pharmacies provide frontline care, and without support, their viability and the accessible healthcare that they offer could be at risk.