Friend in the House.
The Government  recognise the gap between those who need debt and those accessing it, which is why the Money and Pensions Service is exploring ways to improve accessibility, including through outreach initiatives.
We continue to keep a close eye on its funding levels to ensure that they reflect demand.
The Money and Pensions Service does tremendous work to support people in my constituency who come to surgeries in desperate need—particularly those facing crippling debt—as do organisations such as Christians Against Poverty.
Would the Government consider putting more money behind the Money and Pensions Service, not just for staffing but for visibility and presence in local communities?
Would they consider the proposal that others have made to make our post offices a shop window for Government services in our communities, including such advice?
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, the Money and Pensions Service commissions other charities, particularly to work with hard-to-reach vulnerable people.
We continue to review its funding and we keep a close eye on the evolving demand and need for its services.
What steps she is taking to increase the level of tax paid by online multinational corporations.
Ensuring that online multinationals pay their fair share of tax is crucial, so the Government are finalising the implementation of internationally agreed rules for a minimum 15% effective rate globally.
As set out in the corporate tax road map, we are seeking an international solution for a fair tax allocation of multinational profits.
Meanwhile, the digital services tax ensures that search engines, social media platforms and online marketplaces pay UK tax reflecting a UK-derived value.
Amazon currently makes hundreds of millions of pounds in profits in the UK each year, and often gets away with paying little to no corporation tax.
Meanwhile, high street businesses in Weymouth, Portland and Swanage in my constituency pay their fair share.
To level the playing field, will the Chancellor consider further measures to ensure that online giants always pay their fair share of tax?
I fear that, without action, our high streets will always be at an unfair disadvantage.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right, and supporting the high street is at the heart of our ambitions when it comes to business rates reform.
On Second Reading of the Finance Bill last week, in which I spoke, we set out our plans to issue permanently lower tax rates for high street retail, hospitality and leisure properties.
That will be paid for through an increase in the tax rate on properties with a rateable value above £500,000, a category that includes the warehouses used by many of the online giants to whom my hon.
Friend has referred.
What fiscal steps she is taking to support pensioners.
Thanks to our steadfast commitment to the triple lock, more than 12 million pensioners will benefit from a 4.1% increase in their state pensions next year, and over the course of this Parliament they will be better off by £1,900.
Pensioners also benefit from free bus passes, eye tests and prescriptions.
In September the Government released statistics showing that one in five pension credit claims were not being processed within 50 days, and I raised that in a written parliamentary question, No.
5385.
Part of the answer stated:
“The department has secured funding for additional staffing to improve processing times.”
Two months later, data has been released showing that the processing of one in four pension credit claims is now taking longer than 50 days.
How much funding was given, will more be provided to try to move this forward, and what conversations is the Minister having with the Department for Work and Pensions to ensure that the funding is spent properly, given that it is taxpayers’ money?
I am a Minister in both the Treasury and the DWP, so I have conversations with officials about this all the time.