Recently, my hon.
Friend  the Member for North Ayrshire and Arran (Irene Campbell)  and I visited its training academy in Irvine.
What more will my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor do to help Scottish businesses such as XLCC to secure long-term investment, and might she visit Ayrshire to see it in action?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question and for the invitation.
In October, the Government launched the national wealth fund to mobilise billions of pounds of investment into world-leading clean energy and growth industries.
I am pleased that the national wealth fund already announced a £20 million investment in XLCC to support it in moving towards a construction phase.
This will support 900 jobs, as well as making a contribution to the UK being a clean energy superpower by strengthening the home-grown energy suppliers that are fundamental to achieving our energy independence.
As the chair of the all-party parliamentary group for Yorkshire and Northern Lincolnshire, I am always on the lookout for opportunities to encourage investment and growth in our region.
That is why I am backing the campaign to put the national infrastructure and service transformation authority in Leeds, and I was delighted that the national wealth fund was put in Leeds.
Given these facts, will my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor meet me to discuss the opportunities we have to maximise the benefits from the national wealth fund?
I welcome the work that my hon.
Friend does on the all-party parliamentary group for Yorkshire and Northern Lincolnshire.
As I announced in October, the UK Infrastructure Bank has now become the national wealth fund and it will expand its team and be headquartered in the brilliant city of Leeds, to realise our ambition on the national wealth fund.
The national wealth fund will also have a strong regional focus, working with the mayors, including Tracy Brabin in West Yorkshire, so that we can realise the potential of all our regions, including Yorkshire.
Further details on the national infrastructure and service transformation authority’s governance and location will be confirmed in due course.
One of the economic investments that we do not want to see in Angus and Perthshire Glens, or anywhere else in Scotland, is foreign multinationals buying up farms because farmers have given up under the weight of the taxes introduced by this Government.
This would destroy local supply chains and make larger farms that are less responsive to consumer demand.
What has the Chancellor seen in her impact assessment of the agricultural property relief changes to allay those fears?
One of the current challenges, as the hon.
Gentleman will know, is that agricultural property relief is often used for tax avoidance.
People are buying  farmland not because they are family farmers but because they do not want to pay any inheritance tax.
That is why we are reforming the system to bring in much-needed money to fund our public services, and to have a fair system with a 50% discount to inheritance tax paid on agricultural property and a 10-year period to pay that inheritance tax, interest free.
Last week, I joined a biotech boot camp in South Cambridgeshire.
Although the investors and entrepreneurs recognise and welcome the research and development budget announced in the Budget, they said it is a reduction from 2021.
Does the Chancellor recognise that we need to increase investment in R&D to encourage long-term investment in our leading services?
We were really pleased to announce an R&D budget of more than £20 billion at the autumn Budget.
This is important to funding and accelerating R&D not just in the hon.
Lady’s constituency but across the country.
Combined with the corporate tax road map, as well as the commitment to continuing funding for Horizon, our universities and great innovators can look to the future with confidence.
Local leisure and sports facilities, such as the Sovereign centre where I learned to swim, deserve more long-term investment.