It is crucial that we support those much-loved local businesses.
I am glad he is doing all he can to champion them, and I look forward to my invite.
Many people in my community rely on in-person banking and access to cash.
I was pleased to recently open the banking hub in Ossett town centre.
Ossett was previously one of the 55 bankless towns in the UK.
How are the Government looking to further support those who rely on those services, particularly in towns and rural villages?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the importance to communities of having access to cash and banking services, which is why we have committed to rolling out more banking hubs across the country—100 by the end of this year and a total of 350 through our commitment.
We want to work with local communities across the country to deliver that, so that all areas, like Ossett, can benefit from a local banking hub.
The heavy burden of business rates and the national insurance contributions that the Government are going to impose  on small businesses is taxing businesses to death.
Does the Minister recognise that in doing so, he is going to cause unemployment, higher inflation and lower growth, and that we are heading for higher taxes in future because of the downward economic spiral?
As the right hon.
Gentleman will see in the National Insurance Contributions (Secondary Class 1 Contributions) Bill that we will be debating this afternoon, we have doubled the employment allowance to help small businesses to employ up to four people earning the national living wage without paying a penny in national insurance.
That is dedicated support to help those small businesses, in the context of what, I admit, is a tough decision.
If the right hon.
Gentleman has a chance to contribute to the debate, he might say whether he supports the extra public services funding that comes from those difficult decisions.
Businesses like Mr Miles in Taunton High Street are being hit hard by the changes in taxes for hospitality businesses, including the increase in the wage bill and national insurance contributions, and the massive increase in business rates.
That business is now considering reducing its opening hours, which would make our high street less vibrant than it should be.
One challenge is the £50,000 rateable value limit for the discount, as many high street premises have a rateable value of more than £50,000.
Will the Chancellor consider reviewing the limit placed on the business rates discount for small businesses?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, we set out our plans for reforming business rates to ensure that retail, hospitality and leisure properties on the high street with rateable values below £500,000 will benefit from a permanent tax cut from this Government.
The importance of that tax cut being permanent is that it gives businesses the stability they need to invest and grow.
I look forward to his support for our reforms when we vote on them in due course.
What steps she is taking to help ensure the sound management of public finances.
Sound management of the public finances means spending wisely and not sending money to fraudsters.
Today, I have appointed the health expert Tom Hayhoe as our new covid counter-fraud commissioner.
As chair of an NHS trust during the pandemic, he saw the urgency of getting personal protective equipment to NHS staff when they needed it.
Now he is at his desk in my Department starting the work to investigate the billions of pounds lost to fraud and underperforming contracts, and instead ensuring that that money is where it belongs—in our public services.
My constituents expect the Government to treat taxpayer money with the utmost respect.
However, during the pandemic the Conservatives handed out contracts to their friends and donors and failed to prevent fraud, using the crisis as a cover for their greed.