We have been so disturbed in the aftermath of the elections.
The dangers of destabilisation in Georgia are acute when 20% of Georgia’s territory is still under Russian control—it is occupied.
Further to her statement, will the Minister tell us what discussions she has had with European partners over Georgia’s EU accession, which is vital to its long-term stability, and what work is ongoing to ensure that the rule of law is enshrined and fortified and to protect the freedom of the media and journalists and the freedom to protest?
Finally, having visited the border with Russia recently, I ask the Minister what work is being done to ensure that Georgia maintains sanctions on Russia regardless of the Administration in Tbilisi.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his commitment to and intimate knowledge of Georgia.
I underline the importance of his points on the freedom of the press—we need to know what is happening—and the freedom to protest.
Emotions were running high following the election campaign, but police brutality is never acceptable.
It is so important that people who wish to are able to express their views safely.
I thank him for putting that on the record.
On the discussions the Minister for Europe, North America and the Overseas Territories has had, the hon.
Gentleman underlined the importance of UK support for the democratic process and spoke about the irregularities during the election campaign, which worried us, as partners during the election proceedings.
As he will be aware, we have called for an investigation into those irregularities so we can be clear that the results were correct.
We have taken the decision to pause our discussions at a political level until there is more stability; in that time, we will see how things develop with the forming of the new Government, and so on.
The hon.
Gentleman is right to lay out his concerns.
We will relay them not just from ourselves as a Government, but from this Parliament.
I call the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee.
I read with some alarm the reports about the Georgian elections, including a report by the OSCE on vote buying, multi-voting, Russian disinformation and intimidation.
Is the Minister aware that the European Parliament passed a motion last Thursday stating that the elections had been neither free nor fair, and should be rerun?
Is the British position the same?
I thank the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee for her intimate knowledge of the elections in Georgia.
Our current position is to monitor the situation.
We are looking carefully at what our European partners say, but we are also encouraging the Georgian authorities to determine any complaints, as there have been a number of complaints about irregularities.
We are clear that all irregularities should be thoroughly investigated.
In addition, we are calling for demonstrations to be peaceful, an end to any police brutality, the exercise of restraint, and respect for the process of the formation of a new Government.
While we are not calling for a rerun of the election, we want to know the outcome of the investigation into those irregularities.
I call the Opposition spokesperson.
I am grateful to the Minister for her remarks so far.
The shocking and disturbing scenes in Georgia have been hard for all to witness, and I note the statement put out by the Foreign Office this morning.
We share the Government’s deep anxiety over the situation in Georgia.
What is happening in Georgia matters.
From the law on foreign influence to election irregularities and the excessive use of force in recent days against protesters and journalists, we are witnessing Georgia being dragged down a dangerous path.
It matters for the Georgian people, for our important bilateral relationship, and for the wider Euro-Atlantic community, which sincerely seeks closer ties and a deeper friendship with Georgia.