My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The problem with Conservative Members is that they are all happy to say that they want more funding for the NHS; they are just not prepared to pay for it.
What they need to realise is that, in government, we have to take tough decisions to ensure that we can fund public services and fix the public finances.
What reassurance can the Minister give to hospices such as Julia’s House, which serves my constituents, which are concerned by the planned increase in national insurance contributions and the impact that will have on the services they provide?
As my hon.
Friend will know, many hospices are independent charities and therefore will be able to access the employment allowance, which we have doubled to £10,500 a year, as well as the other wider tax reliefs in the tax system for charities, such as business rates relief and gift aid.
Of course, hospices often have statutory obligations with the NHS as well, so I suggest that hospices discuss their contracts with their integrated care boards.
I call the shadow Minister.
Later today, the House will vote on the Government’s £25 billion national insurance tax hike.
To avoid any uncertainty when we vote, will the Minister confirm exactly which public sector organisations will be compensated?
If the shadow Minister would like to know which public sector organisations will be compensated, he could look at what his Government did with the health and social care levy, because the definition of public sector organisations—it is a regularly cited definition—is set out through the Office for National Statistics.
We will reimburse Departments and other public sector organisations.
There was so little information in that response—the civil service will be very proud of the Minister.
He will not say who will be spared by the Chancellor’s tax raid, but we know that working people will be made to pay—the Office for Budget Responsibility has said so; the Institute for Fiscal Studies has said so; even the Resolution Foundation has said so; and working people know so.
Why is it that Labour always leaves office with unemployment higher than when it entered office?
I do not think the shadow Minister listened to my response to the previous question, in which I set out very clearly the definition of the public sector for the purposes of national insurance contributions.
Look at what the OBR has said: yes, it recognises that we are asking businesses to contribute more and that this will have an impact, but it also says that the employment level will rise from 33.1 million to 34.3 million by 2029, meaning an increase in the employment level over this Parliament.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Citizens Advice in St Albans supports some of the most vulnerable people to access public services.
It says that the changes to national insurance contributions will
“hit hard because we employ mostly part-time staff and the change to the threshold means we go from paying nothing to the full amount for each staff member.
The increased rebate is intended to offset the NIC for small organisations but does not for us because so many of our staff are part-time.”
Will the Chancellor look again at the impact of the national insurance contribution changes on part-time workers?
We recognise that we have taken a tough decision to increase the rate and broaden the base through changes to the secondary threshold.
I welcome the work done by the organisation mentioned by the hon.
Lady in her constituency, but perhaps the need for advice would be less if public services were stronger.
One of the reasons we are taking these difficult decisions on taxation, welfare and spending is precisely to ensure that these public services can provide the service that people need.
We all want to see stronger public services.