Lady’s last sentence, I thought she was declaring support for our business rates plans, because we are setting out to level the playing field for high street businesses and the online giants.
We are doing that by way of a permanent tax cut for retail, hospitality and leisure businesses on the high street, which is paid for by the higher multiplier for those with a rateable value of £500,000 or more—a category that includes the warehouses used by online companies.
I look forward to the hon.
Lady perhaps contributing towards our “Transforming Business Rates” paper, which sets out our wider ambitions for reform.
The last Government failed to stand up for British farmers in trade agreements and left them vulnerable to flooding, rollercoaster energy costs and poor infrastructure.
Can the Minister confirm that this Government will protect British farmers where the last Government failed?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to point out the failures of the previous Government, and to point out that this Government remain steadfast in our commitment to farmers across the country.
That is exactly why we have committed £5 billion to the farming budget over the next two years, including the largest ever budget for sustainable food production in our history.
What steps she plans to take to help improve living standards.
What steps she plans to take to help improve living standards.
We plan to raise living standards by boosting economic growth to put more money in people’s pockets, and by developing a comprehensive strategy on child poverty to give every child the best start in life.
Already, the independent Office for Budget Responsibility estimates that living standards will increase during this Parliament, at more than double the pace observed in the previous Parliament.
Fourteen years of Conservative rule meant that we all saw child poverty levels rise.
One in five children across the country now grows up in scarring poverty.
A quarter of all children in Bolsover live in poverty.
Can the Minister please set out the measures that this Labour Government will take to end this travesty?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question.
She will know that this Government, like every Labour Government, are committed to improving living standards right across the country.
From  1 April 2025 , the national living wage will increase by 6.7% to £12.21 per hour for eligible workers aged 21 and over.
That represents an increase of £1,400 to the gross annual earnings of a full-time worker on the national living wage, and is expected to benefit around 3 million low-paid workers.
My hon.
Friend knows that the Government have set up a ministerial taskforce on child poverty, which will report in 2025.
In the Chancellor’s first ever Budget, she delivered over £1.5 billion for Scotland this year and £3.4 billion next year—the largest ever block grant settlement in the history of the Scottish Parliament.
Unlike the Tories and the SNP, it is clear that this Labour Government are choosing investment over simply managing decline.
Can the Minister share with the House a bit more detail about how the Budget will directly impact and improve the lives of people in my constituency of Motherwell, Wishaw and Carluke, and throughout Scotland?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question.
As she said, the Scottish Government’s spending review settlement for 2025-26 is the largest, in real terms, of any settlement since devolution began.
The Scottish Government are receiving at least 20% more per person than equivalent UK Government spending in the rest of the United Kingdom.
That translates to over £8.5 billion more in 2025-26 alone.
This Labour Government are delivering for the people of Scotland by giving the Scottish Government the power and money to get on with the job, and it is for the SNP to be accountable for what it delivers for the Scottish people.