I thank the hon.
Lady for her detailed knowledge and her question.
We know that the Euro-Atlantic and Indo-Pacific work closely together on all these Navy questions.
I would not want to give anything specific away at the Dispatch Box that might help President Putin, but it is good to see that she is monitoring that.
It is so important that we continue to work together, whether that is through the training of forces on the ground, air defence or Navy assets.
It is clearly more important than ever that the UK works closely with our European friends and allies as we face the common threat of Russian aggression.
Can my hon.
Friend outline how the Government intend to strengthen co-operation with the EU on the security challenges that we all face?
My hon.
Friend will be aware that just last week, Germany made an important announcement about continuing military support.
There has been a step change, particularly in light of the importance of the defence of Europe.
Having a war on European soil is so instructive, and I think people are slowly coming to the table.
It is clear that the UK has a real leadership position, and that is why the EU-UK security pact work is so important.
The Europe Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cardiff South and Penarth (Stephen Doughty) , is working hard to develop that.
As Members will be aware, we have just announced more collaboration with Germany where possible, and specifically in relation to Ukraine.
In general, the UK has so much to offer the EU in that regard.
We know that the ongoing conversations we are having more holistically about EU-UK relations are enriched by our defence capability.
I congratulate the shadow Foreign Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Witham (Priti Patel) , on securing this urgent question, and I thank the Minister for her statement.
We are just past the anniversary of when Ukraine voted for independence.
To remind everybody, every single part of Ukraine voted for independence.
Does she  agree, and will she remind any incoming Administration anywhere—perhaps in the United States—that the territorial integrity of Ukraine is set in international law and must be respected?
The key words are “respecting borders”, and that is where the neocolonial philosophy of President Putin, as he laid out originally in that seminal essay before the war, shows how completely at odds with the modern viewpoint he is.
Yes, we will support Ukraine on its vision of its own borders, its own strength and its own sovereignty.
It can feel, with Russian submarines recceing our waters, with North Korean troops fighting for Russia and with Iranian drones causing the death of Ukrainians, that Russia wants a bigger war.
We must deter it.
That is why we must absolutely drive a victory for Ukraine—a total victory.
Does the Minister agree with me and General George Marshall that the best way to win a war is to prevent it in the first place?
I thank my hon.
and gallant Friend for his service to the UK and for his intimate knowledge of what it actually means to be at war, and therefore to talk about deterrence.
I am committed, as is the whole Front-Bench team, to working as closely as possible on all the international friendships and treaties and the pressure that we can bring to bear, so that we can achieve a lasting peace together and be behind Ukraine as it steps forward into a very uncertain future.
One aspect of support that the UK could offer Ukraine is expired medical equipment and dressings.
A charity based in Axminster in my constituency, called Medics4Ukraine, has just got back from Odesa.
It has been training municipal workers, and it says that it needs dressings, haemostatic dressings and gauzes.