He is right that we must fully support defence companies and their personnel, and we must ensure that universities such as Keele, and all others across the further and higher education sectors, welcome defence firms at their careers fairs.
Do the Secretary of State, his officials and his chiefs have a plan to implement the additional resource from 2.5% of GDP when it arrives?
If they do not, we will be faced with lengthy delays while procurement plans are put in place.
Is this a case of ministerial prevarication, or is there a serious plan?
If 2.5% arrives but there are no plans for procurement ready to hit the ground running, we will actually be no further forward than we were at 2%.
Mr Speaker, we have the commitment and we have the plan.
I thank the Veterans Minister for recently visiting Redditch for a roundtable, where he heard from veterans about the excellent work by the Redditch armed forces and veterans breakfast club in bringing together the community and signposting critical support.
Does he agree it is vital that the Government continue to work with such organisations to ensure that no veteran misses out on the support they deserve?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
The visit to Redditch was truly enlightening; the charitable sector there is doing amazing work to support veterans in his constituency.
I fully champion the breakfast clubs they are putting on.
The United Kingdom has a strong defence industry worth £36 billion in exports, which is important to companies in my constituency, such as Collins Aerospace, Amentum and Chess Dynamics.
The Government’s commitment to strengthening UK-EU relations is especially welcome in this sector.
What steps is the Department taking to boost exports with our EU and NATO allies?
We are setting out to reset relations with key European allies.
We have said we will look to co-operate more closely with the European Union where that is in British interests and where we can add to the defence and security arrangements for Europe as a whole.
We have struck some deep new bilateral agreements, such as the Trinity House agreement with Germany.
We have to see our British industry not just as producing the kit our forces need, but as an essential part of our deterrence that, alongside allies, deters aggression.
Last month, I hosted the annual dinner for former servicepeople in my constituency, where I met scores of people who served our country proudly and bravely, like Councillor Clive Morgan.
I will ask the Secretary of State the question they asked me, which becomes ever more urgent by  the day: what are the Government doing to boost the resilience of the general public in this country in an ever-more hostile world?
National resilience and defence in depth is essential as we move forward, when the threat is transferred from non-state actors to state actors across the globe.
When the strategic defence review comes out in the next couple of the months—in the spring—Members will see that that is a central tenet throughout.
Last week, the Gurkha class of 2025 proudly attested in Pokhara.
There is one part of the British armed forces that does not yet have women: the Brigade of Gurkhas.
Will Ministers do what—sadly, and not for the want of trying—I failed to do, and rectify that omission?
I served with the Gurkhas on various tours in Afghanistan and across the world.
They are some of the best forces we have, and they do a fantastic job upholding the freedoms we enjoy.
I will continue to work with the Gurkhas, and I look forward to meeting their ambassador here very soon to discuss issues such as this.
I thank the Government for improving the pay and housing conditions of our armed forces.
Bishop Auckland has turned out some excellent young men and women into the armed forces, many of whom first went through our brilliant volunteer-led cadet forces.