Does the Minister agree that that is too long to make a veteran wait, and what advice can he give me so that I can resolve my constituent’s case?
We are absolutely a Government who support veterans.
If the hon.
Gentleman will send me the details of that case, I will look into it personally.
We pay out over £1 billion in compensation, and I have been to Norcross to ensure best standards up there.
I recently visited the Royal Orthopaedic hospital in my constituency, which has an outstanding veterans’ care  service.
Does the Minister agree that it is essential for former and current service personnel in Birmingham and beyond to continue to have access to specialised musculoskeletal rehabilitation services?
Absolutely.
Birmingham has a cluster of fantastic hospital and medical care facilities, as well as the Royal Centre for Defence Medicine.
I would love to visit, and I hope I can do so in due course.
I think I am right in saying that I am the only Member of the House of Commons, if not Parliament as a whole, to have Mauritian heritage; if I am wrong about that, I am happy to be corrected.
Why does the Secretary of State not see that the proposed deal between the United Kingdom and Mauritius is a dangerous one because of the increase in China’s access to the islands near Diego Garcia, an unaffordable one—whether it is £9 billion, £18 billion or £52 billion, that is money that  should go to our armed forces—and, above all, a humiliating one in the eyes of the Mauritians, the Americans and the international community?
Why will he not scrap it?
The deal with the Mauritians is designed to secure the long-term operation and the legal base, and to guarantee our ability and that of our allies in the US to continue to operate from Diego Garcia for at least the next century.
Earlier in topical questions, the Veterans Minister said that the strategic defence review would be published in the next couple of months.
Can he confirm that it will be published by the end of April?
It is a fair correction.
I said “in a couple of months” and then “in the spring”.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero if he will make a statement on the ruling on the Rosebank and Jackdaw oilfields as unlawful.
The Government’s priority is to deliver a fair, orderly and prosperous transition in the North sea that recognises the role that oil and gas will play in the coming decades.
This transition will be in line with our climate and legal obligations.
It will drive us towards our clean energy future of energy security, lower bills and good, long-term jobs.
On  29 January , the Court of Session published its judgment on the Rosebank and Jackdaw oil and gas fields in the North sea.
The judgment set out that the previous consents granted to Rosebank and Jackdaw were unlawful, as they failed to take into account the emissions from burning the fuel produced.
As a result, if developers wish to proceed with these projects, they will need to reapply for consent, this time considering scope 3 emissions, as required by the Supreme Court judgment last year.
Although the judgment itself is a matter for the courts, the Government have taken rapid action.
In early January, we consulted on revised environmental guidance to take into account emissions from burning extracted oil and gas, to provide stability for industry.
The consultation closed on  8 July , and we are working towards publishing the finalised guidance as soon as possible.
Once the guidance is in place, the Government will resume making decisions with regard to the environmental impact assessments for offshore oil and gas developments.
The Court confirmed that it is in the interests of good administration for the consultation and guidance to be completed properly.