That could be wrecking our path forward.
The Government are utterly confused.
The Chancellor and the Secretary of State are completely out of touch with the public, obviously, but apparently also with each other.
It is no surprise that the Secretary of State is prepared to sacrifice growth and investment in energy security for his ideological obsession, so may I ask the Minister for clarity?
This is a very important point.
Will the Department treat the applications, if they are resubmitted, as existing applications or new applications, given that it has a ban on all new licences moving forward?
Will the Government back growth and back British workers when the decision reaches his Department, and who does he think will win this argument outright: the Secretary of State or the Chancellor of the Exchequer?
I thank the shadow Minister for his response, although I am not sure it is entirely constructive in this conversation.
He knows as well as anyone that the process is live, and the companies involved in these two projects have the right to apply in future.
It would be wrong for me to prejudice those applications, in the House of Commons or anywhere else, by stating an opinion—
New applications?
I will come to the hon.
Gentleman’s question in a moment, but what he failed to mention was how we got to this position.
The Court of Session clearly outlined in its judgment that the previous Secretary of State had made a decision that was unlawful, so once again this Labour Government are having to clear up a mess created by the previous Conservative Government.
Unlike them, we will follow due process.
As I outlined, we consulted on what the future of the consenting process would look like in light of the Supreme Court judgment.
That is something he would have had to do if he were still in this job, because we had to respond to the Supreme Court judgment.
If he is telling us now that, in government, he would have ignored the judgment of the Supreme Court, that is an interesting perspective to take.
On the hon.
Gentleman’s specific point, we were clear during the election that our position is: no new licences to explore new fields.
The two projects are in existing licensed fields.
The question for the courts to decide was the consent for those individual new projects, and that is the process that we will now take forward if those companies should wish to resubmit their applications.
The broader question about the future of the North sea will be about not one or two individual projects but the reality that it is a declining basin and that the long-term future does not rest in oil and gas, as important as they will continue to be for many years to come.
What we have sought to do as a Government is to kick-start what the economic future will look like beyond oil and gas, recognising that the North sea is a declining basin, recognising the importance of new technologies such as carbon capture and hydrogen and investing in measures such as the clean industry bonus that will deliver jobs in Aberdeen.
There is only one party that is serious about working out what the transition looks like and what comes next to safeguard jobs in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency and across the north-east, and it is not the Conservative party.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
I thank my hon.
Friend for confirming the Government’s commitment to supporting production in existing North sea oil and gas fields and for confirming the desire to partner closely with industry and workers on the transition away from fossil fuels.