With an increasingly unstable geopolitical situation, does the Secretary of State agree that full co-operation with our NATO allies to defend Ukraine and guarantee the security of Europe continues to be integral in the defence of our own country?
My hon.
Friend points to one of the major items for discussion on Wednesday at the Ukraine defence contact group, and one of the main concerns of NATO and the new Secretary-General, which is to boost the capacity of the European defence industry.
The Eskdalemuir seismic array in my constituency monitors compliance with the comprehensive nuclear test ban treaty.
At the moment, there is a restriction on wind farm development in the vicinity of the array, but wind farm developers are lobbying hard to have those restrictions relaxed.
Can Ministers give a guarantee that they will not be relaxed if there is any suggestion that that would interfere with the array’s effectiveness?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his question.
I was dealing with this issue before I came to the House earlier today.
Supporting our national security is the No.
1 priority of the Government.
We need to keep our nation safe.
There is a variety of means by which we do so, and the array is an important contributor.
I would be very happy to meet him to discuss the details of the issue he raises.
As the Minister pointed out earlier, the Royal Fleet Auxiliary Service has taken a prominent role in protecting our subsea infrastructure.
I welcome the settlement of the RFA pay dispute.
Will that help the Minister to tackle the recruitment and retention crisis that saw numbers of RFA seafarers fall by 30% under the previous Government?
It is vital that we value the Royal Fleet Auxiliary, and we have done so by settling the pay dispute and making it very clear that there is a bright future for seafarers in the RFA.
Its work with RFA Proteus in relation to the Yantar has been exceptional, but each and every day those seafarers are supporting our Royal Navy on global operations.
They have the support of our ministerial team, and I am sure that they have the support of Members on both sides of the House.
With the Russians using drones to drop CS gas into the trenches of the Donbas, and Avon Protection in my constituency ready to manufacture the residue of the 300,000 gas masks that Ukraine requested, will the Government put in an order as soon as possible, please?
We have taken many steps to try to improve the capabilities of the Ukrainians when it comes to drone technology, and I am perfectly happy to look at the point that the hon.
Gentleman has raised.
Portsmouth is the home of the Royal Navy, but it is also the proud home of many companies in the defence sector: BAE, Airbus and Accuracy International, to name just a few.
Those companies provide fantastic job opportunities for my constituents, but they have faced real difficulties in the last decade.
What steps is the Department taking to support our defence sector in the UK and in Portsmouth in particular—both the businesses themselves and the recruitment and training of the skilled workforce—as part of our Government’s industrial strategy?
I look forward to meeting my hon.
Friend shortly when I visit some of those businesses in her constituency.
The defence industrial strategy is the way in which we will seek to deal with the issues that she has raised.
My constituent Owen was medically discharged from the Army after 17 years of service.
Since then, he has been waiting for two years for a resolution of his claim under the armed forces compensation scheme.
Does the Minister agree that that is too long to make a veteran wait, and what advice can he give me so that I can resolve my constituent’s case?
We are absolutely a Government who support veterans.
If the hon.