I will continue to work with the Gurkhas, and I look forward to meeting their ambassador here very soon to discuss issues such as this.
I thank the Government for improving the pay and housing conditions of our armed forces.
Bishop Auckland has turned out some excellent young men and women into the armed forces, many of whom first went through our brilliant volunteer-led cadet forces.
Without wishing to pre-empt the strategic defence review, will the Government commit to ensuring strong funding for our local cadets?
We just talked about resilience and defence in depth.
The cadets provide an example of where we can bring society and defence together to help people understand the benefits of defence.
It gives them some great examples, from courage to commitment, dedication, drive and, indeed, becoming a net contributor to society.
I fully support it.
Are the Government doing any forward thinking—[Laughter.]
No, I am being serious—about what will happen when the shooting stops with a ceasefire agreement in Ukraine?
Wherever the border between free and occupied Ukraine finally forms will become the new frontline for Europe, so what provision are we making, even now, to be able to secure the future shape and safety of Europe?
Despite the titters on his own side, the right hon.
Gentleman makes a really important point.
At the point at which Ukraine decides to talk instead of, or as well as, fight, security guarantees will need to be in place to ensure that Russia does not resume its aggression.
In Washington last year, the NATO allies made a commitment that Ukraine is on an irreversible path to NATO membership, but there will be a period when during the talks, just as in the fight, they will require our support.
We are giving that detailed discussion now.
On Thursday, my hon.
and gallant Friend the Minister for Veterans and People came to my constituency  for an important discussion on veterans’ mental health.
May I ask him for his reflections on that discussion and on what actions he will be taking moving forward?
First of all, I thank my hon.
Friend for hosting a fantastic get-together with veterans, bereaved families and the charitable sector.
I learned a huge amount from the visit.
I looked again at how councils are delivering support to veterans, which I can contrast and compare with other visits, and will come out with a plan in due course.
The Secretary of State will have heard the exchanges earlier about the grave injustice and slur that was delivered upon SAS personnel in the coroner’s judgment last week, following the incidents in Clonoe.
Will the Secretary of State take this opportunity to indicate not only to the House but to service personnel and the nation that he, as Defence Secretary, supports those who bravely served in Northern Ireland and stood on the precipice between peace and tyranny?
I am glad to accept the right hon.
Gentleman’s invitation to do just that.
It behoves us all to remember that those who served in our forces in Northern Ireland were part of a campaign that led to more deaths of UK security personnel in Northern Ireland than in Afghanistan.
They deserve, and they will have, our fullest support.
As seems to be the consensus of the House, our support for Ukraine must remain unwavering in the face of Putin’s war of nationalist aggression.
I am proud that this country retrofits Storm Shadow missiles in my constituency.
With an increasingly unstable geopolitical situation, does the Secretary of State agree that full co-operation with our NATO allies to defend Ukraine and guarantee the security of Europe continues to be integral in the defence of our own country?
My hon.
Friend points to one of the major items for discussion on Wednesday at the Ukraine defence contact group, and one of the main concerns of NATO and the new Secretary-General, which is to boost the capacity of the European defence industry.