The neighbouring, larger local authority is hosting just seven  per 10,000.
There are local authorities up and down this county for which the figure is zero.
That cannot be right.
After 14 years of austerity for our public services, it must not be the most deprived areas of our country that carry the biggest burden.
When the break clauses in the asylum accommodation contracts come up in 2026, I urge Ministers to use them and spread the burden fairly as we fix the system and bring the numbers down.
This is about taking back control of our asylum and immigration system, not through slogans and broken promises, but through real enforceable action.
The people of Hartlepool, and communities across the UK, deserve nothing less.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What his plans are for the disposal of HMS Albion and HMS Bulwark.
Neither HMS Albion nor HMS Bulwark were due to go to sea ahead of their out-of-service dates in 2033 and 2034.
The Royal Navy is exploring options to sell both HMS Albion and HMS Bulwark in a Government-to-Government sale.
Several potential customers have shown interest, but no final decisions have been made.
Given that HMS Albion and HMS Bulwark are reportedly being sold to another navy for a figure that could well undervalue previous spends on refits and maintenance, how does the Minister justify the economic impact of their sale on Plymouth and Devonport dockyard, let alone the reduction in amphibious capability in the Navy, when the promised multi-role support ships are at least half a decade away from service?
I do not recognise any of the figures that have been bandied around in the newspapers; it would not be accurate to take them as anything other than speculation.
The disposal shows that we are delivering for defence by divesting ourselves of old capabilities to make way for the future, as the First Sea Lord Admiral Ben Key put it.
Those ships were effectively mothballed by the previous Government, so I will not take any lessons from Conservative Members on how to deal with these matters.
In which financial year he plans to spend 2.5% of GDP on defence.
In which financial year he plans to spend 2.5% of GDP on defence.
The Government were elected on a firm commitment to set a path to increasing defence spending to 2.5% of GDP.
The Prime Minister has said that we will do so in the spring.
So that my constituents can better understand the Government’s priorities, which does the Minister think that we will achieve first: a deal to lease Diego Garcia for billions of pounds, or spending 2.5% of GDP on defence?
Everyone agrees that we must increase defence spending to meet the increasing threats.
This Government are delivering for defence by increasing defence spending, and we have already increased defence spending by almost £3 billion next year.
It is clear that we face increasingly volatile and dangerous global security challenges, which is why the previous Government set a path to 2.5% of GDP being spent on defence by 2030.
What conversations have the Minister and officials at the Ministry of Defence had with NATO counterparts, particularly from the United States, on increasing defence spending?
What implications does he think his party’s lack of timeline for reaching 2.5% will have on the special relationship, given the new US Administration?
This country is at the forefront of defence spending in NATO, and we are ready to increase it to 2.5% of GDP.
The hon.
Lady talked about the previous Government’s plan for 2.5% of GDP.
I have to tell her that that was an election gimmick, announced four weeks before the Prime Minister called the election; the Institute for Fiscal Studies described it as “misleading”, and the Institute for Government described it as “a work of fiction.”
This Labour Government have given our armed services their biggest pay rise in almost 20 years.