We are now working through the significant number of responses to our consultation at the start of this year, on how people who wish to apply for consent to extract hydrocarbons from the continental shelf can comply with the Supreme Court’s judgment.
An environmental assessment will be absolutely necessary.
That is not a decision we have made from a political point of view; it was required by the Supreme Court.
We will follow the law of this land, as I would expect any Government to do, although apparently not a Conservative Government.
We will put in place a robust system to ensure that any applications that come before us are judged fairly on their merits.
I thank the Minister for his statement, constrained as it is by the legal situation.
What a cheek  the hon.
Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie)  has.
He comes to the House pretending to be a hero and  protector of the oil industry, when 70,000 jobs, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Sefton Central (Bill Esterson)  pointed out, were lost on his Government’s watch.
On the point at issue, there must be balance in the necessary transition from carbon to renewables.
It is not an either/or.
We have been in the North sea for two generations, and we will be there for two generations more as we wind down the basin.
Politics is often about symbols, and the renewed consents for Rosebank and Jackdaw, if they come, offer an opportunity to reassure workers in this industry that they will not be left behind when we plan for a fair and just transition from the old to the new.
I thank my hon.
Friend for the tone of his question.
This industry has many thousands of extremely talented, skilled and experienced workers, whom I have had the great privilege of meeting over the past seven months in this role.
We have to ensure that we build a resilient industry for many decades to come.
Some of that will be the oil and gas that is already licensed and consented, and any other projects that come through the process, but it will also be about building the industry that comes next.
It would be irresponsible of any Government to focus on one at the exclusion of the other.
The reality is that the North sea is a super-mature basin.
A transition is already under way, and it is incumbent on us—and on any responsible Government—to build the industry that comes next while continuing to support the oil and gas industry that we have today.
Does the Minister agree that there is a double standard in the Government backing Heathrow expansion to drive economic growth, but not providing the maximum possible support for our domestic oil and gas industry?
The Chancellor was very clear in her speech that there is no conflict between our net zero commitments and the industrialisation that we want to see.
Economic growth projects such as the runway at Heathrow will be important but, as the Chancellor said, they will have to be in line with our climate obligations.
Importantly, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Na h-Eileanan an Iar (Torcuil Crichton)  said, this is not an either/or.
Oil and gas will continue to play an important role in our economy for many years to come, but we have to plan for what comes next and take cognisance of our legal and climate obligations.
I urge the Minister and Labour colleagues to take no lessons from the Conservative party on a fair and just transition away from fossil fuels, because our coalfield communities in this country were destroyed by Tory Governments over decades.
In contrast, we need to look at the growth we are now providing by lifting the onshore wind ban, investing in carbon capture and storage, and establishing GB Energy.
Order.
Where was the question?
I will find the question, Mr Speaker.
My hon.