I can indeed.
I welcome the fact, as I think will the hon.
Lady, that the new US Defence Secretary is spending his third full week in office in Europe.
He has made it clear that he wants to discuss how to strengthen alliances, how to expand our defence industries on both sides of the Atlantic, and how to boost allied defence spending, including on Ukraine.
That is something we all agree on.
I welcome the Secretary of State’s answer, but in the face of wider Russian aggression, could he expand on what conversations he has already had with NATO counterparts about how NATO can respond appropriately to the threat from Russia?
I can indeed.
Everyone in NATO, including every one of the European allies within NATO, is ready and is stepping up on Euro-Atlantic security.
This Wednesday I will have the privilege of chairing the Ukraine defence contact group, a 50 nation-strong group in which we co-ordinate the support that Ukraine needs, because we must stay with Ukraine for as long as it takes.
What his planned timetable is for the annual provision of £3 billion of military support to Ukraine.
The Government have committed to maintain £3 billion in military aid to Ukraine this year, next year, and each year for as long as it takes.
I came back from Ukraine a week and a half ago.
I was very close to the front and talked to many of the military commanders there, and they made it very clear to me that they were desperately short of artillery pieces, 155 mm, and, most importantly, munitions—they could hardly respond to the Russians.
As I understand it, they are also short of C-RAM—counter-rocket, artillery and mortar—defence missiles, which are desperately needed to protect Ukraine’s energy sites and its civilians’ flats and houses.
That hardware has been promised by many European nations, and of course by the USA—and I must say that when you are that close to the front, Mr Speaker, you realise how desperate it is there.
In the light of this delay, will the Government commit the UK to at least provide the sort of weaponry that it can provide to alleviate that problem as far as humanly possible, but mostly to push our allies to do what they promised to do?
From what I heard, without that hardware, Ukraine runs the risk of losing this war.
I welcome the fact that the right hon.
Gentleman went to Ukraine.
He was there with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Macclesfield (Tim Roca) , and I look forward to meeting them both later this month to discuss the detail of what they saw.
From my second day in this job, when I was in Odessa with President Zelensky, I made the commitment that the UK would step up and speed up support for Ukraine, which is exactly what we have done.
That will be part of the discussions we will have with other nations at the meeting I will chair on Wednesday, and I am sure it will also be part of our discussions at NATO on Thursday.
Along with many hon.
Members on both sides of the House, I welcome the £3 billion commitment to Ukraine this year, next year and the year after, but there are things that we can do at home as well.
For example, this weekend I hope to host a reception for Ukrainian refugees in my constituency—a Valentine’s for Ukraine that we can send from all of us to all of them and all the Ukrainians who are finding refuge in our country.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend’s action in his constituency.
The UK has a proud unity on Ukraine, and it has given a proud welcome to Ukrainians under the Homes for Ukraine scheme since day one of Putin’s illegal full-scale invasion.
As my hon.