The clean power mission that we are driving forward at pace is about building home-grown renewable power that will deliver energy security in the long term, although oil and gas will continue to play an important part for many years to come, not just in our energy mix but in our country’s wider economic system.
We will support the jobs and industries in north-east Scotland to ensure that transition is fair and prosperous for all.
Am I right in thinking that if the Government take the factors around emissions into account in a future application, it will not be for the court to then say that having taken them into account, the Government have arrived at the wrong decision in wanting to proceed?
Surely, it is for the Government to decide whether to proceed, not the courts?
We are still digesting the detail of the judgment, but my understanding is that, as the right hon.
Gentleman puts it, the Supreme Court made it clear that applications should take account of scope 3 emissions.
In the process that we put in place, which I will not pre-empt, we will have to justify how the applications have met that requirement.
It will then be for the North Sea Transition Authority to make a judgment and the Secretary of State, ultimately, to make a decision.
If somebody wanted to take that judgment to a judicial review, they could be entitled to do so, but the right hon.
Gentleman is quite right that the decision will be for the Government.
I thank the Minister for the thoughtful way in which he is proceeding.
We all recognise that climate change is a threat to growth rather than a driver of it, whether that is through flooding, fires or the chaos that it causes.
It is therefore shocking that the previous Government did not take account of emissions and the impact that they might have on our economy in making the decision to proceed with Rosebank, and it is right that we rethink that.
I recognise what the Minister said about court judgments.
May I press him, though?
His predecessors had to admit that there was no energy security in proceeding with Rosebank because 80% of the oil and gas that it would provide would not be for the UK market, so it would not drive down British consumers’ bills.
Is that still his understanding of the project?
Is that not another good reason why we should rethink it?
My hon.
Friend is right to make the point that climate change is not a future threat but a present reality.
This year alone there have been a number of examples around the world of that present reality already having a huge and devastating impact on people’s lives.
On the balance that we want to strike, yes, the oil and gas industry is important to our economy and to our energy mix, but the long-term future requires us to move towards clean power.
Even if gas is extracted from the North sea, it does not help with consumer bills in this country, because it is traded on an open market to the highest bidder and sold by private companies.
This is not a nationalised industry—it is owned by private companies, and gas is extracted by private companies and sold by private companies—and consumers in this country do not benefit from their gas coming from abroad or from the North sea.
If the Minister will not comment on Rosebank or Jackdaw because of the threat of legal appeals, will he at least confirm that his Government will put a stop to extraction from a reported 13 new oil and gas fields that received licences  from the previous Government but are still awaiting their final consents?
I believe that they are not subject to the restrictions that cause him not to want to comment on Rosebank and Jackdaw.