I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
I thank my hon.
Friend for confirming the Government’s commitment to supporting production in existing North sea oil and gas fields and for confirming the desire to partner closely with industry and workers on the transition away from fossil fuels.
Does he agree that the workers and communities that rely on the North sea would be in a much stronger position if we had not witnessed over the last decade a chaotic mismanagement of the decline in the basin that he has just referred to, and the failure to plan for the loss of 70,000 jobs in that decade alone?
The Chair of the Select Committee makes an important point, which is that the failure to acknowledge that the transition is already under way is to bury your head in the sand and pretend that everything will carry on as it was.
The reality is that in the past decade a third of the oil and gas workforce—70,000 workers, as my hon.
Friend says—have already lost their jobs and the transition is under way.
We are determined to ensure not only that the transition leads to a future in the North sea energy sector that, yes, involves oil and gas  for many years to come, but that we build the industries of the future now so that there is no gap.
The alternative is to do what the previous Government did, which was to pretend that the transition was not under way and then somehow deal with the shock that would come when North sea oil and gas inevitably declined to the point where workers’ jobs were not protected.
We are determined to build what comes next and to protect good, well-paid jobs in the North sea for many decades to come.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The decisions that we make in the next decade on energy will make or break the planet, and this is also key for the Jackdaw and Rosebank oilfields.
Should the proposed developers apply for a new development consent, the ruling gives the Government the opportunity to take a rational, science-based approach and make a decision on the future of the field based on what is best for the planet, the people of Britain and the UK’s international leadership.
Contrary to what has been said by  the hon.
Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie) , approving these oilfields this will not protect UK workers.
Despite promises of jobs, not a single UK design or construction role has been created.
Instead, that work has been outsourced to Dubai.
Business leaders agree that a fair transition away from oil and gas will boost our economy, create jobs and attract investment.
The Liberal Democrats oppose the oilfields at Jackdaw and Rosebank.
Instead of pouring money into an energy source that is not consistent with our climate commitments, we should be calling on the Government to invest in renewables and an ambitious green energy strategy that lowers costs, creates jobs and secures our future.
What assessment will the Minister make of our climate commitments?
For the reason I outlined in previous answers, I will not comment specifically on these two projects.
In answer to the hon.
Lady’s broader point, any future applications for the North sea have to recognise the Supreme Court’s ruling that the end-use emissions, the scope 3 emissions, must be taken into account in any application.
We are now working through the significant number of responses to our consultation at the start of this year, on how people who wish to apply for consent to extract hydrocarbons from the continental shelf can comply with the Supreme Court’s judgment.
An environmental assessment will be absolutely necessary.
That is not a decision we have made from a political point of view; it was required by the Supreme Court.