Friend  the Member for Birmingham Erdington (Paulette Hamilton) , who brought the debate to the House this evening.
All hon.
Members will agree that her passion and commitment to her constituency and this subject shine through.
I can only say what an absolute honour it was to visit her constituency to discuss the work of the north Birmingham economic recovery board.
I will come shortly to the situation in Birmingham and the approach that my hon.
Friend recommends that the Government take.
I hope that her remarks at the end of her speech on the purpose of politics and the role we all must play in giving everybody a chance and an opportunity in our society would be supported across the House, but she makes the case well for that approach.
And so to Birmingham.
This debate is important for many reasons, not least because some parts of our country suffer much worse than others with poor employment outcomes.
The Government are committed to moving towards our goal of an 80% employment rate, though some places in our country are already there.
Unfortunately, that is not the case in Birmingham where the employment rate is around just 66%.
That is not acceptable because when some parts of our country fall behind economically, it is bad for those places and bad for all of us, because it means that some people in our country cannot play their full role in our economic growth.
Economic inactivity is also higher than the average, and that is why our reform plans take a different approach.
We are no longer doing the same thing everywhere, but trying to tailor and personalise our employment support to where people are and what they need.
Britain has a long and proud tradition of providing asylum to those fleeing war and persecution, and that patriotic principle must always remain.
However, we must be honest: too many people are arriving in our country with no legal right to be here, and they must be returned.
Further still, they must be prevented from entering our country altogether.
The numbers are too high; they must come down.
The alternative is unacceptable.
Towns such as Hartlepool are targeted by private providers of asylum accommodation because of our lower housing costs.
Those providers are profiting from this crisis and putting a burden on Hartlepool’s public services.
Local schools, hospitals and social services are forced to absorb the consequences of a broken system—that is the reality that we face, and it must change.
The Bill signals the Government’s intention to do just that.
Instead of open borders, we will have a Border Security Command.
Instead of a soft touch, we will have record deportations.
Instead of expensive gimmicks, we will have far-reaching new powers that will put the boot of the state on the throat of the criminal gangs whose trade, let us not forget, is the trafficking of human beings.
The Bill is about restoring control and taking decisive action to fix the system.
Hartlepool people are open, generous and welcoming.
I have personally seen their fundamental decency on display in communities across our town, including at the Salaam Community Centre on Murray Street, where Nancy Pout and her amazing team took to the streets after last summer’s rights and, alongside volunteers and council workers, cleaned up the devastation left by mindless thugs.
They symbolise fundamental Hartlepool values.
Those values include fairness, which is why I believe that transparency in these matters is essential.
Home Office figures provided to me by the House of Commons Library show that, as of September 2024, Hartlepool is supporting 50 asylum seekers per 10,000 people.
The neighbouring, larger local authority is hosting just seven  per 10,000.
There are local authorities up and down this county for which the figure is zero.
That cannot be right.