The consultation closed on  8 July , and we are working towards publishing the finalised guidance as soon as possible.
Once the guidance is in place, the Government will resume making decisions with regard to the environmental impact assessments for offshore oil and gas developments.
The Court confirmed that it is in the interests of good administration for the consultation and guidance to be completed properly.
It would therefore be inappropriate for me to comment on the specifics of individual projects such as Rosebank and Jackdaw in Parliament or anywhere else, because doing so would prejudice future regulatory decision making should the respective developers decide to resubmit these projects for approval.
More widely, this Government are determined to deliver the long-term jobs and investment and the clean energy future that this country needs to ensure that people working in the North sea, and those involved in the oil and gas industry across this country, have the long-term future they need.
rose—
Order.
Just for clarification, you do not have jurisdiction on the planning issue, and it is no longer in the court, so I am a little bit confused by your assertion that you will be involved going forward.
I am happy to provide clarification based on the advice that I have, which is that this is a matter for the applicants in the court case, who are entitled to appeal the judgment, should they wish to do so.
If they wish to make a further application in this matter, my Department will be responsible for making  that judgment, and I seek not to prejudice an application by giving an opinion one way or the other on these matters.
I hope that that sits well with you, Mr Speaker.
Well, kind of, but obviously Members will want to ask you about this issue today, so I do not want to try to close it down too early.
In August, this Government withdrew lawyers from the case defending the legal challenge to the issuing of licences for Rosebank and Jackdaw in the North sea.
Given this Government’s decision to revoke any defence, the Court’s quashing of approval was all but inevitable.
It is deeply disappointing and yet unsurprising that this Government, driven by their zealotry, are happy to put billions of pounds of investment, and thousands of jobs, at risk just because something does not align with Just Stop Oil’s vision of the future.
It demonstrates that this Government are not willing to stand up for businesses or workers.
The Labour party seems to misunderstand this simple point: if we shut down our oil and gas industry, we will not use any less oil and gas—even the Climate Change Committee knows that.
The Department seems to ignore the fact that we will simply rely on more imports instead.
If those imports are liquified natural gas, they will come with four times the production emissions, and if we import from Norway, we will be shipping in gas from underneath the very same North sea.
Sacrificing our domestic industry, only to rely on foreign imports and compound global carbon emissions, is utter madness for our economy and for the climate.
It makes a mockery of our prospects for growth, and it will cost the Treasury £12 billion in lost revenue.
To put that figure into perspective, it is equivalent to eight and a half years’ worth of winter fuel payments.
Last week the developer of Rosebank, Equinor, announced that it is slashing its offshore wind investment.
Does the Minister appreciate that the self-harm inflicted on the North sea is damaging investment in other offshore renewables industries, too?
That could be wrecking our path forward.
The Government are utterly confused.
The Chancellor and the Secretary of State are completely out of touch with the public, obviously, but apparently also with each other.