Where was the question?
I will find the question, Mr Speaker.
My hon.
Friend is right that historical transitions in key industries have left workers high and dry, instead of recognising that a transition is under way and supporting  that workforce into what comes next.
The coal industry devastated large parts of my constituency in Lanarkshire, and areas across England and Wales, which continues to have consequences for generations.
We are determined that that will not happen with the North sea, but it requires us to plan the transition and to put it in place now, not to bury our heads in the sand and pretend everything is fine.
What will workers in Scotland be thinking right now, as they watch the UK Government, and a Scottish Minister, going out of their way to accelerate the decline in North sea oil and gas jobs, in advance of replacement jobs coming onstream, as they can see at Grangemouth?
Does the Minister not understand that the reduction in attrition to North sea oil and gas production must be commensurate with a reduction in demand and an increase in renewables jobs?
He has got that mix all over the place.
I am not sure whether the hon.
Gentleman is one of the Scottish National party cohort seeking to move to our other Parliament, but the SNP’s position in Holyrood is the same as ours, which is that we must be cognisant of climate change obligations with regard to any new licences.
Perhaps he has a different position from his colleagues in Holyrood—I am not sure—but the SNP recognises, rightly, as we do, that the future requires investment in oil and gas for many years to come, to which we are committed, and that investment must match our climate obligations.
The transition that is now under way must have Government at its heart, supporting the jobs and industries that come in the future.
If the hon.
Gentleman supported some of the investment that we propose, such as at Great British Energy in Aberdeen, instead of deriding it at every single turn—[Interruption.]
Mr Speaker, I have again united all the Members of Parliament from north-east Scotland who oppose investment in their own constituencies.
If the hon.
Gentleman supported that investment, maybe he would see the jobs of the future coming.
Under the previous Government, thousands upon thousands of jobs were lost in the North sea, energy bills hit record highs and the Government put Britain’s energy security in the hands of Vladimir Putin.
Having made a patently unlawful decision on Rosebank, the Conservatives are lecturing us on energy policy.
The truth is that our clean energy mission will deliver the jobs and economic growth of the future, our commitment to climate action and lower bills.
The Conservative party is stuck in the past.
Will the Minister remain focused on the future and deliver our clean energy mission, which will deliver the economic and environmental benefits the public want to see?
As my hon.
Friend says, the long-term future of our energy security in this country is not in oil and gas, as important a part as it will continue to play for many years to come.
The clean power mission that we are driving forward at pace is about building home-grown renewable power that will deliver energy security in the long term, although oil and gas will continue to play an important part for many years to come, not just in our energy mix but in our country’s wider economic system.
We will support the jobs and industries in north-east Scotland to ensure that transition is fair and prosperous for all.
Am I right in thinking that if the Government take the factors around emissions into account in a future application, it will not be for the court to then say that having taken them into account, the Government have arrived at the wrong decision in wanting to proceed?