and hon.
Members, if we are going to have recruitment, we need to have protection.
If we are to have protection, we must ensure that the disgraceful scenes—the SAS killed four IRA men who were returning from a bombing and shooting attack on a police station, trying to kill.
The SAS were confronted by those killers, murderers, terrorist scum that they are, who were armed to the teeth with a machine gun that could fire 500 rounds in a minute and an AK-47.
Is it not right that our soldiers should be protected?
They were confronted by the enemy.
That enemy was never going to surrender, and they got their just deserts.
I reassure the hon.
Gentleman that we on the Government Benches share the same passion that all veterans should get the support they need.
We will continue to discuss that aspect with our Northern Ireland Office colleagues, who take the lead on this matter.
I encourage him to continue to raise questions, because it is important that we support all our veterans, no matter where they served across the United Kingdom.
That is a matter that the Secretary of State and I, as well as the Minister for Veterans and People, will continue to discuss with colleagues across the Government.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
If we want to strengthen our armed forces, we must fix the recruitment delays.
One young recruit signer, Jimmy, applied in September 2023 but will not start until January 2025.
That is largely due to medical record hold-ups and poor communication.
I welcome the aim for applicants to receive a decision within 10 days, and a training start date within 30 days, but how will Serco deliver that in practice?
What safeguards will be in place to ensure that recruits get clear, timely responses and are not lost in the system?
The hon.
Lady is right that we need to speed up the recruitment process.
We inherited a situation where it takes, on average, more than 250 days from the point of application to turning up at a training establishment, often without any understanding of how long that will take.
That is why the Secretary of State introduced the 10/30 policy, which means a provisional offer within 10 days of starting, and a provisional start date within 30 days of application.
We are doing that to reduce the time of flight, including working cross-Government to improve speed of access to medical records.
There will be further announcements in due course.
We are making progress on that, but there is a lot more to do to fix the damage to the recruitment process that was run by the last Government.
How many Afghans who worked directly for British forces have been relocated to the UK under the Afghan resettlement programme.
The Afghan resettlement programme is a cross-Government delivery programme that will bring existing resettlement schemes into one single pipeline.
Under such schemes,  more than 30,000 eligible Afghans have relocated to the UK.
As confirmed in my recent written parliamentary answer to the hon.
Gentleman, it is not possible to provide a breakdown of relocation figures by job role, including those who worked directly for British forces.
Having admitted 30,000 Afghans into the country as part of the Afghan resettlement programme, it is concerning to learn that the Ministry of Defence has no idea how many of them actually ever worked for British forces.
The Government’s own figures estimate the total number of local Afghans employed by British forces during Op Herrick to be around 7,000, only 2,850 of whom worked as interpreters and translators on the frontline—a fraction of the 30,000.
If the MOD does not know why they are eligible to be let into the country, the MOD presumably also does not know who they are or what they have been doing in Afghanistan over the past decade.