Friend’s action in his constituency.
The UK has a proud unity on Ukraine, and it has given a proud welcome to Ukrainians under the Homes for Ukraine scheme since day one of Putin’s illegal full-scale invasion.
As my hon.
Friend says, nearly three years into the conflict, Valentine’s day is a useful marker to recognise the warmth of welcome from the UK people and the struggle and fight that the Ukrainian people—military and civilian alike—are waging for their freedom and their future.
What steps he is taking to help increase recruitment to the armed forces.
What steps he is taking to help increase recruitment to the armed forces.
What steps he is taking to help increase recruitment to the armed forces.
The Government are delivering for Defence by addressing the deep retention and recruitment crisis that we inherited from the Conservatives.
Last week I announced more detail on a brand-new fast-track cyber entry to boost UK cyber-defence, bolstering our capabilities in response to the growing threats and addressing a global shortage of cyber-talent.
I also announced the award of a new contract for a tri-service armed forces recruiting service.
West Herts college in my constituency offers a great selection of courses, including computing courses that offer a pathway to a career in cyber-security.
For young people in Hemel Hempstead considering a career in that field to defend our country, can the Minister outline further details of the steps that he took last week to boost recruitment to cyber-security in this country?
I am grateful for the enthusiasm of young people in my hon.
Friend’s constituency for a career in cyber.
Last week, the new cyber direct entry pathway for our armed forces was opened for the Royal Air Force and the Navy—the Army entry will come online next year.
That allows people to join directly to pursue a career in cyber.
By changing the entry requirements, it will bring on board the cyber-expertise that we need to keep our country safe.
The frontline of the future is not tomorrow; it is today—it is the cyber-frontline.
Young people across the nation should look on the Royal Navy and RAF websites at a career in cyber.
It is well paid and will keep our country safe.
I welcome the news that the MOD has signed the British Dyslexia Association’s dyslexia-friendly workplace pledge.
Does the Minister agree that, to address the recruitment crisis, it is vital that the armed forces remain inclusive for recruits from all backgrounds and with all experiences, while rightly continuing to demand high standards?
I am pleased to confirm that the Ministry of Defence signed the dyslexia-friendly workplace pledge at the end of last year, making us the first UK Government Department to do so.
It is a fantastic step forward that signals that the MOD is a top employer for people with dyslexia.
Whatever someone’s ability, there is a role for them within our armed forces, because our armed forces need people with a whole range of abilities, backgrounds and expertise to keep our nation safe.
In my constituency we are proud to host the Defence Medical Services at Whittington.
We are looking forward to a fresh date being set for a visit from my hon.
Friend the Minister for Veterans and People so that he can see its brilliant work for himself.
What steps is the Minister taking to build on the success of such centres of excellence in any new recruitment programmes?
It is vital that we seek to invest in Defence Medical Services, especially as we live in more difficult and contested times where we may need to use its expertise and that of the national health service across the UK to support a warfighting effort.
I know the Minister for Veterans and People is looking forward to visiting Whittington later this year.
I hope that when  the strategic defence review comes out, my hon.