Whether he plans to appoint a veterans’ commissioner for England.
I reassure the hon.
Member that I work closely with my Northern Ireland, Welsh and Scottish commissioners.
We are currently looking at the structures by which we support veterans across the whole tapestry of the United Kingdom, and we really want to put in place an institutional resilience system that gives the best care at the right time and in the right place to the right people.
That primarily involves working with thousands of charities collaboratively and coherently to ensure that we can get the best bang for our buck from all the amazing volunteers and charitable services out there.
A bigger review is going on.
It is on hold at the moment, and we will let the House know more in due course.
I am proud that my constituency of South Northamptonshire hosts the largest armed forces gathering of its kind in the UK.
The national transition event at Silverstone on  24 February , now in its sixth year, is run by the charities Mission Motorsport and Mission Community.
The event recognises, demonstrates and celebrates the value of our veterans and armed forces community.
As the Secretary of State develops  the veterans strategy, are community-led approaches such as this part of the Department’s thinking, and how might we support such organisations in their work?
Absolutely.
I just travelled to the north-east of England and hit three different councils, looking at the different ways in which they deal with the veterans issue.
I am really looking forward to the launch event, which will have a variety of different race cars.
I just hope that I do not get to see the mudflaps when I am there.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
On behalf of us all, I wish our UK team in Canada good luck for the Invictus games.
This week, I will have the privilege of chairing the 50-nation Ukraine defence contact group.
I will also attend the meeting of NATO Defence Ministers, and then the Munich security conference.
Mr Speaker, 2025 is the critical year for the war in Ukraine.
The world is watching, and it is imperative that all allies step up their support.
I am proud of the UK’s continued unity and leadership on Ukraine.
This year, the UK will provide £4.5 billion in military aid—more than ever before.
Our commitment is absolute.
We will strengthen Ukraine on the battlefield and at any negotiating table.
I am grateful to continue to have the support of both sides of the House.
Together, we will stand with the people of Ukraine for as long as it takes.
US navy officials have reported increased Russian and Chinese patrols in the High North.
Last week, the Danish navy announced plans to acquire three new Arctic patrol ships, and March will see one of the largest Exercise Joint Viking operations in NATO’s history.
With these concerns in mind, will the Secretary of State confirm which UK assets will be involved in Joint Viking this year?
What plans does he have to update the 2022 policy paper on the UK’s defence contribution in the High North?
My hon.
Friend is right about the High North.
We will continue to maintain a strong defence profile and posture.
Both the Royal Navy and the Royal Fleet Auxiliary will be taking part in Exercise Joint Viking.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Surely, one of the most important lessons from the war in Ukraine for our own military base is the urgent need to fire up the defence industry and increase its capacity.
However, today we learned from ADS that British defence manufacturers will be hit with a £600 million tax rise this Parliament from higher national insurance.
Why are the Government prioritising higher taxes on defence instead of higher defence spending?
On the contrary, we are backing British industry.