In these more difficult times, we will ask for more of a whole-of-Government approach, to ensure that the men and women of our fighting forces, and the civilians who support them, have what they need to keep our nation safe.
The proposed AQUIND interconnector between France and England will slice through my constituency, causing huge disruption, but of more significant concern is the fact that the Ministry of Defence has raised serious national security concerns about the proposed submarine power cable.
Does the Minister agree that we cannot do  anything to jeopardise our national security, and will he formally lodge an objection with the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, who will consider the proposal?
I am familiar with the campaigning work of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Portsmouth South (Stephen Morgan) , who has raised similar concerns.
If the right hon.
Lady writes to me about that, I will be happy to meet her to discuss it further.
I welcome the strength of the response on protecting our undersea infrastructure.
The Defence Secretary has been clear that growing Russian aggression will not be tolerated here or in Ukraine.
Will the Minister confirm that homeland security will be a key focus of the strategic defence review?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
We live in more difficult and uncertain times, with increasing risks to UK homeland security.
That is an evolution from some of the strategic assessments in previous reviews.
It is for that reason that the strategic defence review is looking not only at how we support our NATO allies, with a NATO-first approach, but at how we invest in capabilities to ensure that we are looking after the UK homeland—and, Mr Speaker, the UK homeland includes our overseas territories.
We have stretched that answer out well, haven’t we?
Let us go on to Tom Tugendhat.
If he will have discussions with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on the potential merits of removing taxation from death-in-service payments.
If he will have discussions with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on the potential merits of removing taxation from death-in-service payments.
I thank  the right hon.
Member for Tonbridge (Tom Tugendhat)  for his important question.
He has my absolute assurance that if anyone dies in service, from training all the way through to combat and operations, they will absolutely be exempt from inheritance tax provisions.
I will continue to discuss that issue, as well as many others to do with armed forces pay, with my opposite number in the Treasury.
This Government are deeply proud of the armed forces, and I am deeply proud of them.
They will have my full backing as we move forward.
First of all, I place on record my full congratulations to the hon.
and gallant Member for his recent award in the new year’s honours.
That is a fantastic achievement for somebody for whom I have the greatest admiration, and with whom I have served in numerous fields.
May I raise the problem with his answer, however?
Retention in the armed forces is already suffering; numbers are already coming down and people are struggling to make the maths add up between serving today and having a future tomorrow.
The problem with  these arguments and the lack of clarity from the Government is that too many people are making decisions on which we all need them to think again.
We need people to serve and stay, and it is his responsibility to keep them there.
I thank the right hon.
and gallant Member for his response.
We need to take a holistic view of this.
I remind him that we have missed every recruitment and retention target for the past 14 years.