A great many people out there have lost loved ones over the years—we all know who they are—and on every occasion, they seek justice.
As I said to my hon.
Friend  the Member for East Londonderry (Mr Campbell) , even if there is only a candle of light of a possibility that someday, those who had murdered someone’s loved one would be held accountable for it, that is what we need.
Let me say, with respect, that today the Government are extinguishing that light for all those who have lost loved ones.
There are many people in the Chamber today, and in the Public Gallery, who have lost loved ones.
On behalf of all those families, I implore the Secretary of State and the Government to think very carefully about the direction  that they are taking, because the families’ right to justice is being extinguished, and that cannot bode well for the future.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his point, for the way he has raised it, and indeed for the numerous conversations we have had on these matters outside this place and within it.
He knows the answer that I am going to give him.
I will never, and can never, put myself in the shoes of the people who have lost someone.
I just cannot.
However, I can see a process that has worked for only a very few people, considering the quantum of people who were affected by the troubles and who lost people.
Indeed, the chances of getting justice for them are dwindling all the time.
The Government have come to the conclusion that this is the right way forward because we hope that we can, in good time, at least get some information recovered for those families that ask for it, and also through other elements of the Bill that are not the subject of this package of amendments.
If someone misleads the Independent Commission for Reconciliation and Information Recovery, there are criminal processes involving perjury and a whole host of criminal investigations that can take place.
A whole host of things have changed that I hope will allow lots of information to be recovered in quick time for families.
The Secretary of State says he cannot put himself in the shoes of the victims, but he could listen to them.
Can he tell us how many or what percentage of the victims he has met have shown support for this piece of legislation?
Very few have shown support for this legislation, but I have met many, as has my Lords Minister, Lord Caine.
In fact, part of the process of changing the Bill has come from those conversations.
I understand that lots of families do not want this Bill, but the question then is: if not this Bill, then what? [
Interruption.]
The hon.
Member for Foyle (Colum Eastwood)  says “Stormont House”, but he knows that Stormont House did not have cross-party agreement at the time and that the Ulster Unionist party did not agree to it—
rose—
I happily give way.
Please correct me.
Would the Minister acknowledge that it did have cross-party support—the Ulster Unionists deferred on one small matter—and that it was recommitted to by his Government and the Irish Government as recently as January 2020?
And it did not move forward because of the different political issues that came about.
The Minister made this very point at an event that I was at at the weekend, but it was Chatham House rules so I am not allowed to talk about it.
He puts forward the argument that the parties just could not agree, but I was involved in many of those discussions and I can tell him that the British Government dragged their feet month after month around the issue of onward disclosure.
That is what happened, and it is important to put that on the record.