Member for Erith and Thamesmead (Abena Oppong-Asare)  recently led an important debate on public access to defibrillators, and a sponsor of my Bill, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stoke-on-Trent North (Jonathan Gullis) , has been advocating for greater uptake of AEDs through his leadership of the all-party parliamentary group on defibrillators.
I also note with appreciation that the Leader of the House of Commons, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Portsmouth North (Penny Mordaunt) , was the first MP to call for all MPs to complete defibrillator training.
Such discussions and endorsements in Parliament are of great value in increasing public awareness of defibrillators.
I acknowledge the very positive steps that have been taken to provide defibrillators in every school and on our high streets, and the funding that the Prime Minister mentioned earlier, but the Bill targets an area that is yet to be addressed: private residential homes.
It is crucial to note that in the UK, most out-of-hospital cardiac arrests—70%, according to the Resuscitation Council UK—occur in the home.
However, when I looked at my constituency and others on the “Defib finder” website, it was apparent that defibrillators are predominantly installed in non-residential areas.
That is a problem.
In Sweden, researchers have found that a person is three times more likely to survive a cardiac arrest in public than at home.
That statistic could be mirrored in the UK, which is why I am calling for a legal requirement to ensure that all new housing developments have a defibrillator—an essential piece of life-saving equipment.
When cardiac arrests happen, it is crucial that a defibrillator be nearby.
According to a study by Sarkisian et al.,
the survival rate for cardiac arrests decreases by 10% for every additional 100 metres between the patient and the defib.
It is therefore concerning that, according to a recent study by Burgoine et al.—many Members will have read about it in the papers last week—the median distance of a publicly accessible defibrillator from any given postcode in Great Britain is 726 metres.
When someone has a cardiac arrest, their heart stops, and it is a race against time to ensure that oxygen continues to travel to their brain.
Cardiopulmonary resuscitation—chest compressions with rescue breaths—is essential for maintaining the flow of blood and oxygen during this time.
However, the use of a defibrillator is the only method that can seriously improve survival rates, by shocking the heart and causing it to resume its normal rhythm.
That restores the flow of blood and oxygen to the brain.
If a defibrillator is used before an ambulance arrives, survival rates from cardiac arrest increase from less than 10% to more than 70%.
Given that there are 60,000 cardiac arrests in the UK every year, it is crystal clear that my Bill is necessary to increase the number of defibrillators in private residential areas, and I hope that this will not be a controversial issue for the House.
Some may suggest that the Bill will impose an additional financial burden on housing developers, but the cost of a defibrillator is small in relation to the entire budget of a housing project: just over £1,000.
The Bill will also empower residents to learn about defibrillators, and to know where they are and how to use them.
Everyone should know what a defibrillator is and, hopefully, where to find one.
The second part of my Bill requires developers to provide funding for these new defibrillators for 10 years after their installation.
If defibrillators are to work and   to save lives, they must be maintained.
So what maintenance is required?
First, there must be an electricity supply to maintain the temperature of the defibrillator; this protects the battery life of the device.
Secondly, batteries need to be replaced after four to six years.
Replacement batteries typically cost just £300.
Thirdly, electrode pads need to be replaced after two years.
Five replacement pads cost only £360.