I think the Government could get some good insights into how we can get children back to school fast and look at the funding model.
First, I thank my right hon.
Friend for her constructive engagement with the Department.
I pay tribute to her school leaders and local authority for everything they are doing.
I am happy to give her the reassurance, as the Chancellor has already said, that new funding will be provided to schools to deal with this issue.
To ensure that we can get through this as quickly as possible for my right hon.
Friend’s constituents and parents—and, indeed, everyone else’s—the Department for Education is in the process of increasing the number of dedicated caseworkers from 50 to 80.
We have 35 project directors regionally on the ground to support, and we have more than doubled the number of survey firms, so that we can rapidly over the next few weeks fully assess all the relevant schools and have a mitigation plan in place.
Steel- workers in my constituency have watched in frustration as other Governments have pumped investment into decarbonisation while successive Tory Governments have sat on their hands.
When will the Prime Minister finally conclude the talks with Tata Steel?
Can he guarantee that level of investment will match what other European Governments are doing on decarbonisation?
And will he guarantee that the conclusion will be based on serious engagement, comprehensively with the steel unions?
Steel is absolutely vital to the UK.
This matter is of course of interest to the hon.
Gentleman, but I have also discussed it extensively with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Scunthorpe (Holly Mumby-Croft) , and that is because the industry supports local jobs and economic growth.
Conversations with specific companies, such as Tata, are ongoing, but they are understandably commercially sensitive.
We share the ambition of securing a decarbonised, sustainable and competitive future for the industry in this country.
In the meantime, we are supporting the sector with our energy-intensive industries exemption, which provides discounted energy bills.
We also have the industrial energy transformation fund, which supports steel companies with their energy bills and the transition through capital to a greener future.
Two weeks ago the Government announced that the Bolsover School’s bid for a sixth form in my constituency has been successful.
Across the country, some 52% of school leavers at 16 years old go on to a sixth form, but in Bolsover it  is 23%, in Clowne it is 22%, and in Shirebrook it  is 7%.
Will the Prime Minister join me in thanking the Redhill Academy Trust, Matthew Hall, the headteacher of Bolsover School, and all those who have helped to bring a sixth form to Bolsover?
I congratulate Redhill and everyone involved with the successful bid for the new sixth form in Bolsover.
I am delighted that the bid was successful.
I know that my hon.
Friend shares my desire to ensure a world-class education for every single one of our young people across the country, because that is the best way to provide them with the opportunity for a better life.
The new programme of sixth forms will deliver that in his constituency and many others across the nation.
The north- east has been underfunded in terms of transport investment for decades.
HS2, which was meant to be an economic development and connectivity lifeline, is now not coming anywhere near, the A1 Northumberland dualling decision has been delayed yet again, and our regional rail services are still running on outdated infrastructure and rolling stock.
With all that in mind, will the Prime Minister commit the funding to reopen the Leamside line from Gateshead to County Durham to take pressure off the east coast main line and aid economic wellbeing and the movement of passengers and freight services in the north-east of England?
Or is levelling-up just rhetoric?