There is a big opportunity over the coming weeks to restore the Northern Ireland Executive.
Does the Secretary of State agree with me that key to that is the UK, Dublin and the EU listening harder to the concerns of the DUP about implementation of the Windsor agreement?
I thank the former Secretary of State for that question; he is absolutely right.
We have been listening in great detail to  the right hon.
Member for Lagan Valley (Sir Jeffrey M. Donaldson) , the DUP leader, and his team of negotiators over the course of  the summer.
We have had very detailed negotiations and I believe we are homing in on what is actually required.
That might well mean we need conversations elsewhere, but let us see where we get to in the course of the next couple of days.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The Windsor framework, which was agreed seven months ago, was a great achievement, but it was also intended to enable the restoration of power sharing in Northern Ireland.
That has not happened.
What is the Government’s plan?
The Secretary of State refers to the conversations he is having, but what is the plan to get Stormont back up and running?
I sincerely welcome the right hon.
Gentleman to his place and thank him for his question.
Currently, there are issues with one particular political party.
We are talking to that party on a very regular basis at this point in time.
Those talks have moved forward substantially, but he would have to check in with the DUP leadership to see if I am correct.
Just because the right hon.
Gentleman cannot see that does not mean that it is not happening.
One thing I have learned, as I have said many times from this Dispatch Box, is that just because talks are being held in a confidential manner does not mean that they are not taking place and moving forward.
The Secretary of State knows that there are concerns in the Unionist community about unfettered access for Northern Ireland businesses trading with Great Britain.
The Government said last month in the border target operating model that they are committed to that access, as we all are, and that:
“These arrangements will be enshrined and further strengthened in domestic legislation”.
Can he tell the House when that legislation will be introduced?
Hopefully in very short order, dependent on making sure we have got it exactly right, so it answers the questions and allows Stormont and the Executive to re-form.
What steps he is taking to help ensure that postal communications between Britain and Northern Ireland are delivered without customs declarations.
Under the Windsor framework, sending parcels to friends and family in Northern Ireland will be as smooth and easy as it is today, removing any burdensome paperwork, costs or delays.
Northern Ireland consumers will be able to order from businesses in the rest of the UK and receive goods in the post as they do now, without customs processes or burdensome costs.
This will maintain consumer choice for British goods in Northern Ireland.
Businesses sending goods to other businesses will use our new green lane.
A number of constituents and consumers have contacted me to highlight that many eBay or Amazon providers will no longer ship to Northern Ireland as they state that they cannot afford the enhanced fees, demonstrating that Northern Ireland continues to be treated differently.
It is costing small businesses and individuals the ability to shop around.
What steps can the Minister take to revisit the framework with our EU counterparts, to ensure free and fair trade throughout the United Kingdom that is clear and easy to follow for all businesses?
Under the protocol as it was, all parcels would have needed to complete full international customs processes.
I believe that the suppliers to whom the hon.
Gentleman refers will be making their plans under the protocol as it was.