I also gently point out to the right hon.
and learned Gentleman that, while the Department for Education started this process 18 months ago in spring of last year, as far as I can tell, Labour-run Wales still does not know which schools are affected.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman brought up funding, so again, let us look back to what happened in that spending review.
In that spending review, I increased the Department for Education’s capital budget by 25% to a record £7 billion; it tripled the amount that we spend on children with special educational needs and disabilities; it improved the condition of the overlooked further education estate; and it set the course for per-pupil funding to be the highest ever.
Crucially, it also invested £5 billion to help our pupils recover the lost learning from covid.
He might remember that, because we wanted pupils learning; he wanted longer lockdowns.
I just do not think the Prime Minister gets how, “It’s all fine out there” is at odds with the lived experience of millions of working people across this country.
Let us go on—this is a long list.
In 2010, at least six schools in Essex were on Labour’s building list; the Government scrapped them and now children there are in crumbling schools.
The Prime Minister will not admit that the reason he cut budgets and ignored the warnings is quite simple: just as he thought his tax rises were for other families to pay, he thinks his school cuts are for other families to endure.
Does that not tell us everything we need to know?
He is happy to spend millions of taxpayers’ money sprucing up Tory offices, and billions to ensure that there is no VAT on Tory school fees, but he will not lift a finger when it comes to protecting other people’s schools, other people’s safety and other people’s children.
I know that the right hon.
and learned Gentleman comes here with prepared scripts, but he has not listened to a single fact, over six questions, about the record amounts of funding going into schools, or the incredible reforms to education impacting the most disadvantaged children in our society—a record that we are rightly proud of.
Yes, we can name the schools: that is because we are reacting to information and publishing it so that we know where the issues are—something that we are still waiting for from the Welsh Government.
Of course the right hon.
and learned Gentleman wants to score political points from something that we are dealing with in the right and responsible way, but I note that he has not mentioned a single other thing that has happened since we last met at the Dispatch Box.
He talked about hard-working families across Britain, but what has happened to energy bills?
Down.
What has happened to inflation?
Down.
What has happened to small boat crossings?
Down.
And what has happened to economic growth?
It has gone up.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman tried time and again to talk down the British economy, but thankfully, people were not listening.
His entire economic narrative has been demolished, and the Conservatives are getting on delivering for Britain. [
Hon.
Members: “More!”]
There will be more.
I call Nicola Richards.
Against a backdrop of improving economic news, inflation falling, energy bills coming down and growth up, people in the west midlands are disappointed to see that Labour-run Birmingham City Council has gone bankrupt.
As a Sandwell resident and a West Bromwich MP, I am no stranger to Labour incompetence.
Does the Prime Minister agree that Labour have demonstrated yet again that they always run out of other people’s money?
My hon.
Friend is exactly right.