We do not want to start off with somebody leaving early, because that is what will happen.
Well, Mr Speaker, Conservative Members want more, so let me continue.
Ferryhill School in County Durham was on Labour’s building list in 2010.
The Government scrapped that, and now children there are in a crumbling school.
The truth is that this crisis is the inevitable result of 13 years of cutting corners, botched jobs and sticking plaster politics.
It is the sort of thing you expect from cowboy builders: saying that everyone else is wrong and everyone else is to blame, and protesting that they have done an effing good job even as the ceiling falls in.
The difference is that in this case, the cowboys are running the country.
Is the Prime Minister not ashamed that, after 13 years of Tory Government, children are cowering under steel supports stopping their classroom roof from falling in? [
Interruption.]
Order.
Seriously, calm down.
I understand that this is the first session and people are excited to be back at school, but we expect better behaviour.
This is exactly the kind of political opportunism that we have come to expect from Captain Hindsight here.
Before today, he has never once raised this issue with me across the Dispatch Box.
It was not even worthy of a single—[Interruption.]
Order.
The same applies to those on the Labour Benches.
We will have a calmer Question Time going forward, because I want to hear the questions and the answers, just like your constituents.
Before today, the right hon.
and learned Gentleman never once raised this issue with me in Parliament.
It was not even worthy of a single mention in his so-called landmark speech on education this summer.
If we had listened to him, our kids would have been off school and locked down for longer—it is as simple as that.
He talks about 13 years; well, let us see what has happened.
When we came into office, two thirds of schools were rated “good” and “outstanding”; now, it is 90%.
We introduced the pupil premium to get more funding to the most disadvantaged pupils.
Today, they are 75% more likely to go to university.
And, as a result of our reforms, we now have the best readers in the western world.
That is what 13 years of education reform gets you, all of which was opposed by the Labour party.
The Prime Minister claims to be a man of detail, but there have been 100 parliamentary questions from the Opposition on this issue, and an Opposition day motion.
Let us continue: Holy Family Catholic School in Bradford was on the Labour building list in 2010.
The Government scrapped that, and now children there too are in a crumbling school—[Interruption.]
Order.
Mr Holden, I have heard enough.
This is the last time; make up your mind.
Either you go now or you are quiet for the remainder.
If you can believe it, Mr Speaker, in April this year, the Education Secretary signed a contract for refurbishment of her offices.
It has her personal stamp of approval on it.
It cost—I cannot quite believe  this—£34 million.
Can the Prime Minister explain to parents whose children are not at school this week why he thinks that a blank cheque for a Tory Minister’s office is better use of taxpayer’s money than stopping schools from collapsing?
What I say to parents is that, on the receipt of new information, we have acted decisively to ensure the safety of children and minimise disruption to education, as we have laid out and communicated extensively.
That is the right thing to do.
I also gently point out to the right hon.
and learned Gentleman that, while the Department for Education started this process 18 months ago in spring of last year, as far as I can tell, Labour-run Wales still does not know which schools are affected.
The right hon.