Northern Ireland has a fantastically vibrant economy, and I very much hope that the least well-off will have opportunities through our investment in skills to develop themselves and to secure more better paying jobs in Northern Ireland, so that they can move on.
What recent assessment he has made of trends in the Northern Ireland economy; and if he will make a statement.
We routinely monitor trends in the Northern Ireland economy.
It has the ingredients required for economic success: exceptional talent, creativity and innovation.
Although challenges persist, recent indicators suggest resilience and the potential for growth.
This Government remain committed to fostering a productive environment for economic development and prosperity in Northern Ireland.
I look forward to our investment summit between 12 and  13 September —next week—which is a fantastic opportunity to showcase Northern Ireland’s economic potential to the world.
I thank the Minister for that encouraging response.
He will be aware that Northern Ireland’s largest trading partner by a very long way is Great Britain.
It is therefore important that there is frictionless trade between Great Britain and Northern Ireland, so will he update the House on what discussions he has had on the future operation of the green channel?
One of our priorities now is the successful implementation of the Windsor framework and that green channel.
We will continue to have conversations with colleagues in the Cabinet Office who lead the  Windsor framework taskforce.
I assure my hon.
Friend that we are determined to ensure that that system works as seamlessly for everyone.
Will the Minister confirm that at next week’s investment conference the Government will proactively market Northern Ireland’s dual market access under the Windsor framework?
Yes, I can confirm that.
I am absolutely determined that we shall do so.
Indeed, next week I shall chair a session on that issue.
This is not just about access as of right to the UK market and as a privilege to the EU market; it is also about being under our services regulation, which is an advantage, in combination with access to our free trade agreements, such as the comprehensive and progressive agreement for trans-Pacific partnership.
This is a unique opportunity in all of the world, including right across the EU, and I am convinced that he and I, and we all, should make the most of it.
What steps his Department is taking to help restore power sharing in Northern Ireland.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question and it is good to see him in his place.
Our focus remains on delivering for the people of Northern Ireland, who expect and deserve locally elected decision makers to address the issues that matter to them.
I continue to engage regularly with all party leaders and speak to them very regularly indeed.
I thank the Secretary of State for his answer, but the lack of a functioning devolved Government in Northern Ireland means that there are direct consequences for its people, as is evidenced by the highest waiting lists in the UK, which would not be tolerated elsewhere.
In the absence of a restoration of power sharing, there needs to be a plan B—what is it?
Obviously, all my energies are spent on trying to resolve the issues in order to allow the DUP to come back to Stormont and get the Executive up and running.
There are myriad options available if we were to go down different routes, but I am afraid none of them is as ideal as Stormont functioning and the institutions of the Belfast/Good Friday agreement all being stood up.
There is a big opportunity over the coming weeks to restore the Northern Ireland Executive.
Does the Secretary of State agree with me that key to that is the UK, Dublin and the EU listening harder to the concerns of the DUP about implementation of the Windsor agreement?
I thank the former Secretary of State for that question; he is absolutely right.