HS2, which was meant to be an economic development and connectivity lifeline, is now not coming anywhere near, the A1 Northumberland dualling decision has been delayed yet again, and our regional rail services are still running on outdated infrastructure and rolling stock.
With all that in mind, will the Prime Minister commit the funding to reopen the Leamside line from Gateshead to County Durham to take pressure off the east coast main line and aid economic wellbeing and the movement of passengers and freight services in the north-east of England?
Or is levelling-up just rhetoric?
Obviously, it would not be right for me to comment on specific projects, but to give the hon.
Gentleman a sense of our commitment, what I can tell him is that in real terms since 2010 we have spent over a third more in central capital investment in northern transport every single year compared with Labour’s last six years in government.
That is what we are doing for northern transportation.
Specifically, when it comes to reopening and restoring railway lines, where was the first one that we did?
From Ashington to Blyth.
I have a cheerful question that I know my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister will find impossible to resist.
He will be aware of the work that I have been doing with No.
10’s UK Ambassador for mental health, Dr Alex George, to establish early intervention mental health hubs across the country.
We have got the pilot, which seems to be lost somewhere between the Treasury and the Department of Health—I know he will sort that problem out—but will he meet Dr Alex George and me to discuss it further?
These hubs will make a massive difference in constituencies across the country.
We all know the problems with child and adolescent mental health services and the perverse situation where children and young people have to get progressively worse before they get the treatment they need.
I know that the Prime Minister will be very supportive of this one, Mr Speaker.
I know that my hon.
Friend is rightly a passionate advocate for improving mental health support for young people, which is something I know we are doing, and I am proud of our record, particularly in increasing the number of mental health support teams who work with schools and expanding community services.
I know that the Department of Health and Social Care is looking at the role that early support hubs might play in this plan, but I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend personally to discuss how we can push this through.
We have heard far too much lately about ministerial posteriors and little about prosperity for the country.
Even in these dying days of a lame-duck Government, will the Prime Minister stop prevaricating and subscribe to the Horizon programme for the sake of vital British science, innovation and cancer research?
This Government are investing record sums in British science and research and development, because we believe that is critical to a brighter economic future and spreading opportunity.
Our priority and preference is to associate to Horizon, but we want to make sure that that is on terms that are right both for the British taxpayer and for British science and research.
I can commit to the hon.
Lady that we have been extensively involved in discussions.
I hope to be able to conclude those successfully and, when we do, I hope she will be the first to stand up and congratulate the Government.
September is Childhood Cancer Awareness Month, but it also marks two years since the death of my constituent Sophie Fairall.
She was only 10 years old.
Every day in the UK, 10 young people will be diagnosed with cancer, and two of those will not survive.
Those who do face a lifetime of side effects from treatments that are just not designed for small bodies.
When will the Prime Minister publish a childhood cancer action plan?