The hon.
Lady has raised the point of order quite correctly, and has corrected the record herself.
I am sure that the Prime Minister will be notified of the point she has raised.
We will leave it for now and see what happens.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
May I seek your guidance on how hon.
Members may hold energy companies to account for their shortcomings with their business customers?
I have been in contact with EDF Energy for a number of months over its multiple failures that have severely impacted The Circle, a wonderful community interest company in Easterhouse.
EDF’s multiple failures to correct the mistakes are incredibly worrying.
I seek your guidance on how a Member of this House might be able to use its procedures to hold energy companies to account.
It is disappointing to hear about EDF and the way that it is not responding.
As an experienced Member, I am sure the hon.
Gentleman knows that the Table Office can advise him on the various ways that he can pursue EDF on this matter.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
During Prime Minister’s questions, the Leader of the Opposition accused the Prime Minister of spending taxpayers’ money to refurbish “Tory offices”.
I believe  the right hon.
and learned Member for Holborn and St Pancras (Keir Starmer)  was referring to the Department for Education, a Whitehall, Government, non-partisan civil service office.
Will you, Mr Speaker, ask the Leader of the Opposition to come back to correct the record?
I do not think I need to be told by the hon.
Gentleman what I have to do.
He has certainly put it on the record, and it will have been heard by the Opposition.
You were right to raise a point of order, Mr Stafford, but do not start instructing me on what I need to do.
We will leave that there at this stage.
Motion for leave to bring in a Bill ( Standing Order No.
23 )
I beg to move,
That leave be given to bring in a Bill to require the provision of automated external defibrillators in all new housing developments of ten dwellings or more; to require developers to provide funding for the maintenance of such defibrillators for a period of ten years after installation; and for connected purposes.
My Bill aims to increase the number of automated external defibrillators by ensuring that, in future, they are an essential feature of every new housing development.
That is a vital step in our endeavour to increase cardiac arrest survival rates.
Crucially, my Bill also requires funding for the continued maintenance of defibrillators.
First, I will outline the scope of my Bill and its links to important debates that the Commons has had on defibrillators.
Secondly, I will highlight the scientific evidence from around the world that overwhelmingly supports the introduction of my Bill, and I will present the important argument for a maintenance provision in the Bill.
I am grateful to Dave Bowling, a community first responder in my constituency, for providing the inspiration for the Bill, which, as this speech will demonstrate, has the potential to save many lives.
The powerful benefits of defibrillators have already been highlighted in Parliament.
My Bill follows the 2018 Defibrillators (Availability) Bill, brought forward by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lewes (Maria Caulfield) , and the 2023 Automated External Defibrillators (Public Access) Bill brought forward by  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon) .
Additionally,  the hon.
Member for Erith and Thamesmead (Abena Oppong-Asare)  recently led an important debate on public access to defibrillators, and a sponsor of my Bill, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stoke-on-Trent North (Jonathan Gullis) , has been advocating for greater uptake of AEDs through his leadership of the all-party parliamentary group on defibrillators.
I also note with appreciation that the Leader of the House of Commons, my right hon.