The Minister made this very point at an event that I was at at the weekend, but it was Chatham House rules so I am not allowed to talk about it.
He puts forward the argument that the parties just could not agree, but I was involved in many of those discussions and I can tell him that the British Government dragged their feet month after month around the issue of onward disclosure.
That is what happened, and it is important to put that on the record.
The vast majority  of political parties and victims’ groups in Northern Ireland supported Stormont House but the British Government just did not want to do it.
That is why it did not get delivered.
I am afraid I do not quite believe that that is the case.
However, the British Government have committed to full disclosure to the ICRIR, which allows for a huge amount of information to be put forward in those circumstances and the possibility of ensuring that the commissioner can obtain as much information as possible from families.
The Minister said that if families were to have a say on whether immunity should be granted, it would undermine the whole thrust of the Bill, but the point of the Bill is to ensure that people and families who have been hurt, traumatised and damaged by what happened as a result of terrorist activity in Northern Ireland over 30 years have their say.
Surely the best way of giving them justice, after they have heard what the circumstances of the case were, what the attitude of the individual is and what can be disclosed, is to at least let them have the final say on whether they feel that the individual concerned should be granted immunity.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his point.
The many amendments to this Bill throughout the last year have included measures on how families should be engaged with and how their views should be heard throughout the process.
To ensure that the commission can obtain as much information for families as possible, we need to ensure that the right incentives are in place for individuals to come forward and provide that information.
The possibility that eligible individuals who co-operate fully with the commission could then be prevented from obtaining immunity from prosecution is highly likely to act as a significant disincentive for individuals to disclose that information.
This was never going to be an easy issue, or an easy Bill.
If it was easy, it would have been done many years ago.
What the Government are proposing may be right, or it may be part right and part wrong.
I certainly think that giving those survivors and their families a right to veto would be the wrong step to take, so the Government are right on that.
However, I think the House will find comfort in the fact that the Secretary of State will keep the progress of the enactment under review, and if there is abuse or things that are wrong, we can revisit it, tidy it up and make it work better.
This cannot be seen as a closed chapter, job done.
Rather, it is the start of a new process—quite experimental in some ways—of learning from other people’s experiences.
If we have that comfort that this is amendable and reviewable, it might help to assuage some, if not all, the concerns.
I thank the Chairman of the Select Committee for his point.
He will know that other amendments I have tabled have tried to make this body as independent as it can possibly be.
I am sure he will have taken great heart from the appointment of the chief commissioner designate, Sir Declan Morgan, and from the comments he has been making about how he  intends to go about his business.