Will the Prime Minister bow down to lobbyists from the shooting industry, or will he stand with the grieving families, and with those in Plymouth who want to see no tragedy like this ever happen again, with stronger gun laws?
I know how important this issue is to the hon.
Gentleman, following the horrific shooting in his constituency, and my thoughts are with the family of all those who were killed.
He will know that firearms are subject to stringent controls, and rightly so, but those controls are kept under constant review.
For example, we have taken action to improve information sharing between GPs and the police, to ensure that people are not given access to firearms without their medical conditions being checked.
There is statutory guidance that the chief officers of police have been improving, so that how people apply for firearms is assessed properly, including checks on social media.
On   the matter that the hon.
Gentleman specifically raises, the Home Office is in the process of considering responses to that consultation, and will respond in due course.
Later today, I am bringing forward a ten-minute rule Bill, to include the provision of automated external defibrillators in all new housing developments of 10 dwellings or more.
Will my right hon.
Friend support that provision, and ask his relevant Cabinet colleagues to engage with me to ensure that these life-saving pieces of equipment can become commonplace where they can have the most impact, close to people’s homes?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the importance of these lifesaving devices.
That is why the national planning policy framework already expects planning policies and decisions to promote public safety, but it is also why recently the Government launched a million-pound fund that will place around 1,000 new defibrillators in communities across England to help improve equality of access to these lifesaving devices.
In 2019, the Outwood Academy Riverside free school application in Middlesbrough was approved, with its first year 7 intake arriving the following year.
There have been further intakes every year since, but there is still no new building.
I have had no response to my request for a meeting with the Secretary of State, but that original intake are destined to spend their entire secondary education in various temporary adapted premises.
With pupils being shunted around old buildings, talk of levelling up and addressing the GCSE attainment gap rings hollow.
Will the Prime Minister and his Education Secretary get off their derrières and sort this out?
I am happy to ensure that the hon.
Gentleman gets an answer to his specific question on that school, but more generally I am proud of  what the Government are doing in Teesside and Tees Valley to support education, not only with the recent announcement of new sixth forms, but also it is an education investment area receiving extra funding and resources.
That is why we have seen standards in reading and maths increase considerably, and we are determined to keep going.
The Prime Minister is aware of how the RAAC issue has affected schools in Essex.
We have a high number of schools that have been impacted.
He has rightly said today that the Government are doing everything they can to get children back to school.
I know there is a debate on this later today, but will he commit to fully funding both the capital and revenue costs associated with getting children back into school?
I hope he will commit to meeting the leader of Essex County Council, because it is pioneering some great reforms right now, where it is looking to support maintained schools as well as academy trusts.
I think the Government could get some good insights into how we can get children back to school fast and look at the funding model.
First, I thank my right hon.
Friend for her constructive engagement with the Department.