May I interest the Prime Minister in proposals from the commission for carbon competitiveness, which I chair, that would deliver net zero cheaply and without deindustrialising our economy?
It would help British manufacturers facing imports from countries with lower energy costs, make our exports more competitive everywhere, and cut fuel duty at home.
We have strong backing from Britain’s heavy industries, and cross-party support from the excellent hon.
Member for Aberavon (Stephen Kinnock), whose name is also on the Order Paper.
Would the Prime Minister consider adding his name to our list of supporters as well?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend and the commission for carbon competitiveness for the report that he has worked on and highlighted, and the Government are absolutely committed to putting in place the necessary policies for UK industry to decarbonise successfully.
As he will be aware, the Government recently consulted on addressing carbon leakage in particular, with a range of potential options.
We are in the process of considering those responses, and will issue a formal response in due course.
Every year, billions of wet wipes go out into our rivers and oceans, and clog up our sewers.
I have been campaigning for years to ban plastic in wet wipes.
The Government have  finally promised to ban plastic in wet wipes, but that was five months ago and there has been nothing since then.
Will the Prime Minister today finally give a date for when that ban will come into force and make a difference to our environment, or is this another broken promise from his zombie Government?
In the comprehensive “Plan for Water” that was published by the Environment Secretary in April, we confirmed our intention to ban wet wipes containing plastic, subject, as is legally proper, to a public consultation.
That consultation will be launched in the coming months, in autumn this year, and I know Ministers will keep the House updated on progress.
I would like to offer some assistance on the small boats issue.
Has my right hon.
Friend considered the incongruity of the fact that a UK dinghy manufacturer trying to sell into the EU market would have to apply the CE marking, customs codes and could be stopped and checked, and a similar situation applies, perversely, with a simple thing like Great Britain to Northern Ireland trade?
But none of that applies, seemingly, when huge, supersize, dangerous cut-and-shut dinghies are taken from Turkey, across the EU border into Bulgaria and Greece.
Is my right hon.
Friend as confused as I am by the EU’s double standards on that matter?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that we must do all we can to stop the boats and tackle illegal migration.
We know that the export of small boats across parts of the European continent is a vital element of the smuggling gangs’ tactics.
That is why, specifically, we are stepping up joint operations with Turkey—I raised this with the President when we spoke—so that we can tackle organised immigration crime, and specifically disrupt the supply chain of boat parts that are used for these dangerous crossings.
I will continue to keep him updated on our progress.
Two years ago in Plymouth, we lost five people in the worst mass shooting the country has seen for a decade.
The Government have finally consulted on firearms reform, but after pressure from shooting groups, even those sensible measures look like they could be watered down.
Will the Prime Minister bow down to lobbyists from the shooting industry, or will he stand with the grieving families, and with those in Plymouth who want to see no tragedy like this ever happen again, with stronger gun laws?
I know how important this issue is to the hon.
Gentleman, following the horrific shooting in his constituency, and my thoughts are with the family of all those who were killed.