My right hon.
Friend makes her point with great clarity.
Of course, having made it on an occasion such as this, it has been heard by a wide range of Ministers, and I am confident that we will be able to redouble our efforts to deliver what we need on veterinary medicines.
The Prime Minister was asked—
I welcome everybody back to Prime Minister’s questions.
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 6 September.
I would like to start by congratulating Sarina Wiegman and the Lionesses on their fantastic performance at the World cup.
We are all incredibly proud of them.
I also know that the whole House will join me in sending condolences to the family, friends and colleagues of Sergeant Graham Saville.
It is  testament to his bravery that he died in the line of duty, and a terrible reminder of the work that the police do every day to keep us safe.
This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
The Labour party used to claim that it represents working-class people, but Labour’s ultra low emission zone expansion to Greater London will now hammer millions of working people with bills of £12.50 per day, or £4,500 per year.
Does the Prime Minister agree that it is unacceptable that Londoners and those in surrounding counties face this regressive and unacceptable tax, and will he do everything that he can to help working people?
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
It is disappointing that last week the Labour leader allowed the Labour Mayor to introduce ULEZ, charging hard-working people £12.50 every time they start their car, adding to the burden of the cost of living.
All I can say is that while we focus on helping hard-working families, all the Labour leader does is punish them.
We now come to the Leader of the Opposition.
I join the Prime Minister in congratulating the Lionesses, and also in his comments about Sergeant Saville; I think we speak for the whole House when we speak on that subject.
I also extend the warmest welcome to my hon.
Friend  the new Labour Member for Selby and Ainsty (Keir Mather) .
He has already made history for the Labour party by overturning the largest Tory majority ever in a by-election.
I also welcome the hon.
Members for Uxbridge and South Ruislip (Steve Tuckwell) and for Somerton and Frome (Sarah Dyke).
The roof of Singlewell Primary School in Gravesend collapsed in May 2018.
Thankfully, it happened at the weekend and no children were injured.
The concrete ceiling was deemed dangerous and liable to collapse, and everyone knew that the problem existed in other schools, yet the Prime Minister decided to halve the budget for school maintenance just a couple of years later.
Does he agree with his Education Secretary that he should be thanked for doing a “good job”?
I know how concerned parents, children and teachers are, and I want to start by assuring them that the Government are doing everything that we can to fix this quickly, and minimise the disruption to children’s education.
We make no apology for acting decisively in the face of new information.
Let me provide the House with an update on where we are.
Of the 22,000 schools in England, the vast majority will not be affected.
In fact, in two thirds of inspections of suspected schools, RAAC—reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete—is not actually present.
To tackle the 1% of schools that have been affected so far, we are assigning each school a dedicated caseworker and providing extra funding to fix the problem.
In the majority of cases, children will attend school as normal, and the mitigations take typically just days or weeks to  complete.
We will do everything we can to help parents, support teachers and get children back to normal school life as quickly as possible.