To tackle the 1% of schools that have been affected so far, we are assigning each school a dedicated caseworker and providing extra funding to fix the problem.
In the majority of cases, children will attend school as normal, and the mitigations take typically just days or weeks to  complete.
We will do everything we can to help parents, support teachers and get children back to normal school life as quickly as possible.
Wood Green Academy in Sandwell was on Labour’s building list in 2010.
The Conservatives scrapped it, and now children there are in a crumbling school.
The head of the National Audit Office accuses the Prime Minister of taking a “sticking plaster approach”.
The NAO report says he cut £869 million.
The person who ran the Department for Education says the Prime Minister is personally responsible.
On Monday, he leapt to his own defence, saying it is “utterly wrong” to blame him—so why does literally everyone else say it is his fault?
The professional advice from the technical experts on RAAC has evolved over time.
Indeed, it is something that successive Governments have dealt with, dating back to 1994.
As new advice has come forward, the Government have rightly, decisively and swiftly acted in the face of that advice.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman talked about school budgets and what I had done, but let me just walk him through the facts of what that spending review actually did, because he brought it up—[Interruption.]
No, he brought it up, so presumably he would like to hear the facts.
Funding for school maintenance and rebuilding will average £2.6 billion a year over this Parliament as a result of that spending review, representing a 20% increase on the years before.
Indeed, far from cutting budgets as he alleges, the amount spent last year was the highest in a decade.
That spending review maintained the school rebuilding programme, delivering 500 schools over a decade, a pace completely consistent with what had happened previously.
It is worth pointing out that, during the parliamentary debates on that spending review, the Labour party, and he, did not raise the issue of RAAC one single time.
Before he jumps on the next political bandwagon, he should get his facts straight.
Carmel College in Darlington was on Labour’s building list in 2010.
The Conservatives scrapped it, and now children there are in a crumbling school.
On the one hand, we have the Prime Minister saying it is nothing to do with him, and on the other hand we have the facts.
There is a simple way to clear this up.
Why does he not commit to publishing the requests from the Department for Education for the school rebuilding programme and what risks he was warned of before he turned them down?
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman has now brought up twice the Labour school rebuilding programme, so let us just look at the facts surrounding it, because we do know the truth about that programme.
The NAO, which he has called on, reviewed that programme later on, and what did it find?
It found that Labour’s school rebuilding programme excluded 80% of schools.
Next, what did it find?
It found that it was one third more expensive than it needed to be, needlessly wasting resources that have gone to schools.
The worst bit—because now he is talking about the physical condition of schools—is that that programme allocated funds solely on the basis of ideology, with no regard whatsoever to the physical condition of schools.
That is why the independent James review described the programme as “time consuming” and “expensive”—just like the Labour party.
More!
Order.
We do not want to start off with somebody leaving early, because that is what will happen.
Well, Mr Speaker, Conservative Members want more, so let me continue.
Ferryhill School in County Durham was on Labour’s building list in 2010.