Member for Hove and his deputy for all the work they did with me in the course of the last year?
Policing in Northern Ireland is a devolved matter, as is the funding for it, and it is the responsibility of Northern Ireland Departments to allocate resources as they see fit.
I congratulate the Secretary of State on his anniversary.
In July, the former chief constable warned that the force was at risk of being left unrecognisable due to budgetary pressures that could see the loss of more than 1,000 officers by 2025.
With the force already at lower-than-ideal numbers and the recent data leak likely to have an impact, what discussions is the Secretary of State having with the Department of Justice in Northern Ireland and with the PSNI about how those pressures can be eased during this difficult time for the force?
I had a number of conversations with the former chief constable about this issue.
The budget for 2023-24 gives the Department of Justice a total allocation of £1.2 billion.
Obviously, recognising the unique security situation in Northern Ireland, the UK Government make additional contributions to the PSNI’s counter-terrorism work through the additional security funding.
The UK contribution for 2022-23 is £32 million.
I am fully aware of the obvious issues that we talked about in the recent urgent question, and I am sure that we will get on to those a bit later in questions.
I call the Chair of the Northern Ireland Affairs Committee.
I wish my right hon.
Friend a happy anniversary.
I also thank, as he did, the outgoing shadow team and welcome the new.
He is right to reference the recent data breach, which will have very much changed the backdrop of the morale of the police in Northern Ireland—and not just officers, but those in support services.
Budgets are under pressure, as we know, but the security and safety of serving officers and those who work for the PSNI is always important, particularly post the data breach, given the potential risks from dissidents that that creates.
Can he assure me that he will do all he can to deliver safety equipment, protection and security for those who are feeling most vulnerable at this time?
Yes, I absolutely can.
I look forward to continuing to work closely with the PSNI’s senior leadership team, who have a wealth of experience and are dedicated to keeping the people of Northern Ireland safe.
I know that they are continuing to work closely to ensure the very best possible response to this breach.
Just to give a tiny bit of detail, very briefly, the PSNI and security partners will continue to take proportionate action to protect their officers, staff and families and they have full Government support in responding to the data breach.
At the moment, our focus remains on providing specialist support and expertise to the PSNI from across Government.
I congratulate the Secretary of State on his first anniversary and welcome  the right hon.
Member for Leeds Central (Hilary Benn)  to his new role as shadow Secretary of State.
We look forward to working with him.
This Secretary of State has rightly said that many aspects of policing in Northern Ireland are devolved, but the data breach is a matter of national security because it includes officers who work with the Security Service in a very specialist role involving counter-terrorism and intelligence in Northern Ireland.
Will he assure the House that whatever resources are required by the PSNI, not only to fulfil that function but to protect its own officers and staff, will be made available?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for congratulating me on my anniversary.
I was hoping that he might give me a different anniversary present, by heading back to Stormont, but perhaps we can have that conversation later.
indicated dissent.
I have to ask, haven’t I?
The right hon.