Every day in the UK, 10 young people will be diagnosed with cancer, and two of those will not survive.
Those who do face a lifetime of side effects from treatments that are just not designed for small bodies.
When will the Prime Minister publish a childhood cancer action plan?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this issue.
I extend my sympathies to her constituent’s family, as she raised.
She is right to continue campaigning in this important area.
I hope she will understand that I cannot pre-empt the specific contents of the strategy, but I can tell her that it will draw on previous work, including submissions from childhood cancer charities and stakeholders to our recent calls for evidence.
Of course, we want to hear from them to highlight and get a sense of the issues that she specifically raised, but I will ensure that we write to her to give her a sense of the timing.
Every year the SNP Scottish Government mitigate against the cruellest of Westminster policies by spending £84 million on supporting hard-working families against the brutal bedroom tax and over £6.2 million on covering the two-child benefit cap.
Astonishingly, we have learned over the summer that the Leader of the Opposition is an enthusiastic supporter of these Tory cruel welfare policies, with U-turn after U-turn from the Labour party.
Given that the Tories and Labour are two cheeks of the same arse—[ “Oh!]—offering no change, no vision and no hope, does the Prime Minister agree that the only way Scottish voters can rid themselves—
Order.
I am not going to have us both stand up; one of us is going to give way, and it will not be me.
Let us think about language.
Let us be more temperate and make sure that the pride of this Parliament shines through—that certainly will not be by using such language.
I am happy to change the offending word to “bottom”.
Given that the Tories and Labour are two cheeks of the same bottom, offering no change, no vision and no hope, does the Prime Minister agree that the only way for Scottish voters to rid themselves of these heinous policies is to vote for the SNP to leave Westminster forever?
Obviously not.
I think the thrust of that question was directed at the Leader of the Opposition rather than me, and I would not want to get in the middle of that.
What I can say is that we want to ensure a welfare system that is compassionate and looks after the most vulnerable in our society, while supporting   into work those who can do so, because that is also fair for everyone else and British taxpayers.
I believe that is a system that we are achieving.
Right now, we are  providing people in Scotland with thousands of pounds of support to help with energy bills and everything else, and we will continue to do so.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
In Prime Minister’s questions, the Prime Minister said that my right hon.
and learned Friend the Leader of the Opposition had never raised the issue of school building safety before, and he specifically mentioned his education speech earlier this summer.
That is categorically untrue.
I wondered if the Prime Minister wanted to correct the record.
My right hon.
and learned Friend mentioned it as part of that speech, in fact.
It has also been raised by the Opposition more than 180 times in this House, and was the subject of an Opposition day debate, in the name of the Leader of the Opposition, in May.
I am sure that the Prime Minister would not want to give the House the wrong impression.
The hon.
Lady has raised the point of order quite correctly, and has corrected the record herself.
I am sure that the Prime Minister will be notified of the point she has raised.