indicated dissent.
I have to ask, haven’t I?
The right hon.
Gentleman asks a very sensible and serious question, for which I thank him.
I obviously cannot answer some elements of his question in public, but any additional funding required by the PSNI would be submitted through an established process.
We are currently at the very beginning of that established process, so it would not be right to pre-empt that.
The Government are clear that security is paramount, and our focus remains on the items I set out.
It will move on, but it is currently specialist support and expertise in response to the latest assessments.
I thank the Secretary of State for that response.
In his earlier answer he referred to the PSNI’s senior leadership team.
For the record, my party fully supports the PSNI in its impartial implementation of policing across all communities in Northern Ireland, but we are in a crisis situation, not only with the data breach but with the loss of confidence internally within the PSNI.
Although it is the responsibility of the Policing Board to make appointments, does he agree that perhaps what we need now, in the absence of a chief constable, is for someone to be brought in who has the experience and leadership credentials that are needed in the interim period, pending the appointment of a new chief constable, to take control of this situation?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for that question, the way he poses it and the point behind it.
The senior management team is a strong and effective unit, and the Policing Board has a lot on its plate at this point in time.
I believe it has even launched a review into how the Policing Board itself operates.
I am quite sure that questions are being asked about what can be done in this space but, as of now, I can update the House only on what I have done.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the increased cost of living on people in Northern Ireland.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the increased cost of living on people in Northern Ireland.
The UK Government are acutely aware of the cost of living pressures experienced in all parts of the UK since the onset of war in Ukraine.
We provided an estimated £2 billion of financial support to Northern Ireland, including more than £1 billion in the form of the energy price guarantee and the additional £600 payment to help households with the rising cost of energy.
Tackling inflation continues to be a top priority for this Government.
Every country in the world is having to deal with the impact of the war in Ukraine and the impact of the pandemic, but only one country is having to deal with the impact of Brexit, which is what is driving up prices and the cost of living for people in Northern Ireland and across the UK, isn’t it?
I am inclined just to say no.
The reality is that this conversation will keep going to and fro.
We have left the European Union and we are staying out of the European Union.
Our task is to make sure that we flourish as a nation outside the EU, and I wish the hon.
Gentleman would just get behind it and move on.
In June this year, according to research by the Trussell Trust, one in six people across Northern Ireland faced hunger, with nearly half of those referred to Trussell Trust food banks being children under the age of 16.
In Scotland, primary school children get a £120 uniform grant and secondary school pupils get a £150 uniform grant, but the amount in Wales in Northern Ireland is almost a quarter of that.