Does the Prime Minister agree that Labour have demonstrated yet again that they always run out of other people’s money?
My hon.
Friend is exactly right.
We started by hearing how Labour in London are charging hard-working people with ULEZ, and now we are hearing about how Labour in Birmingham are failing hard-working people, losing control of taxpayers’ money and driving their finances into the ground.
They have bankrupted Birmingham; we cannot let them bankrupt Britain.
We come to the SNP leader.
The public need no reminding that today marks a year since the Prime Minister’s predecessor,  the right hon.
Member for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss) , took office.
Upon her speedy departure, they will have thought that things were going to get better, but unemployment figures are higher, food prices are higher, mortgage rates are higher, and economic growth is stagnant.
When is the Prime Minister going to get off his backside and do something about it?
What the hon.
Gentleman failed to point out is the amount of times I have sat across the Dispatch Box from him and his colleagues and heard how somehow, we were a laggard when it came to growth.
He did not take the opportunity to correct the record now that figures have been published, which demonstrate that in fact, we had the fastest recovery of any European economy after covid.
Mr Speaker, you would be forgiven for thinking that the Prime Minister thinks everything is all right, but let us look at his proposals for a winter cost of living package.
On energy bills, his plan is to do nothing; on mortgage bills, his plan is to do nothing; and on food bills, his plan is to do nothing.
When the Secretary of State for Education said earlier this week that everyone was doing nothing, she was referring to the Prime Minister, wasn’t she?
I think the hon.
Gentleman is a little out of practice, because we have paid around half a typical family’s energy bills over the past year.
That is support worth £1,500, benefiting families in Scotland.
On mortgages, the Chancellor’s mortgage charter covers 90% of the mortgage market, and ensures that a typical mortgage holder can save hundreds of pounds a month on mortgage refinancing.
On energy, thanks to the actions of this Government, we are supporting the hundreds of thousands of jobs in the Scottish oil and gas industry, securing this country’s energy supply, which he opposes.
I will always do what is right for the people of Scotland, and it is time the SNP did the same.
I was delighted when the Prime Minister said last year that, on his watch, we would “not lose swathes” of farmland to solar applications, instead rightly arguing for solar to be installed on rooftops, yet my constituency sees a constant flow of planning applications for solar farms and battery storage plants on food-producing land.
Can I ask my right hon.
Friend: when will his pledge become a reality?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point.
Solar is one of the cheapest forms of electricity generation, so it is right that we try and see more of it across the country, but we do need to protect our most valuable agricultural land so that it can produce food for the nation and increase our food security.
That is why, thanks to our changes, the planning system now sets this out explicitly with a clear preference for brownfield sites.
Of course, we want to do more to encourage barn-top solar, and the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs will be updating the House with further information on that policy in due course.
Last week, the Prime Minister stated that he was “proud” of his furlough scheme.
I wonder if he is equally proud of the £400 billion he put on the national debt and the inflation it has caused.