Of course, we want to do more to encourage barn-top solar, and the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs will be updating the House with further information on that policy in due course.
Last week, the Prime Minister stated that he was “proud” of his furlough scheme.
I wonder if he is equally proud of the £400 billion he put on the national debt and the inflation it has caused.
Is he proud of the jobs lost, businesses closed and lives crushed due to the lockdowns?
Is he proud of the increased NHS waiting lists, premature deaths and the 1 million young people now needing mental health support?
Finally, is he proud of the excess deaths affecting every one of our constituencies that nobody wants to talk about, and will he give  an undertaking to the British public—a solemn under-taking—that they will never be inflicted upon them again?
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, there is a formal inquiry regarding covid, which will examine all the decisions that were made, including lockdown, and the impacts of them.
But with regard to the furlough scheme, I am proud that, at a time of extreme anxiety in the country, facing an unprecedented situation, this Government put their arms around the British public to ensure that we protected 10 million jobs.
As the report from the Office for National Statistics showed last week, those actions, combined with all the other things we did to support the economy, ensured that we had the fastest recovery through the pandemic of any European nation.
As we are a nation of animal lovers, the Conservative Government’s record on animal welfare is a source of great pride, but, sadly, too many abuses remain—from pet theft, the smuggling of puppies and heavily pregnant  dogs and dogs with their ears horrifically cropped to the illegal export of horses to Europe for slaughter.
These issues are personal to me as a veterinary surgeon and to my constituents, especially animal theft and livestock worrying.
Can the Prime Minister reassure the House that animal welfare is a key Government priority, and that he will bring forward the necessary legislation to tackle these issues as soon as possible?
May I thank my hon.
Friend for both raising this issue and also his work and expertise in the area?
I am proud that, thanks to the actions that previous Governments have taken on things like cat microchipping, the ivory ban and raising the maximum sentence for animal cruelty to five years, we are now the highest ranked G7 nation on World Animal Protection’s animal protection index, but we are determined to go even further and deliver on our manifesto commitments individually during the remainder of this Parliament.
The Prime Minister has said he will lead a Government of honesty, accountability and integrity, so can he explain how he was found to have breached the code of conduct, this time for failing to declare his wife’s shares in a childcare agency that received a monetary boost from measures in his Budget?
If the hon.
Lady reads the full transcript and the full findings, she will see a detailed explanation of what happened, which the commissioner described as a “minor and inadvertent” breach, given that at the time I was not aware of the policy that was being discussed with me, and corrected it later on and could have corrected it with slightly different language.
She will also know that I am not the only person across these Dispatch Boxes that has had the same thing happen to them.
May I interest the Prime Minister in proposals from the commission for carbon competitiveness, which I chair, that would deliver net zero cheaply and without deindustrialising our economy?
It would help British manufacturers facing imports from countries with lower energy costs, make our exports more competitive everywhere, and cut fuel duty at home.
We have strong backing from Britain’s heavy industries, and cross-party support from the excellent hon.