Replacement batteries typically cost just £300.
Thirdly, electrode pads need to be replaced after two years.
Five replacement pads cost only £360.
As for who would carry out the maintenance, I believe that a number of organisations would be well placed to visit each defibrillator in an area once every two years for that purpose—for example, the fire service; the first responder network, including the local ambulance service; or even, perhaps, the local authority.
Funding for the maintenance could well be achieved through a section 106 agreement between housing developers and local authorities.
My Bill has two important aspects: the provision of a defibrillator in every new housing development consisting of more than 10 dwellings, and the provision of 10 years’ maintenance funding, all for an additional cost of about £2,500, or £250 per property.
That is a small price to pay for immediate access to a lifesaving defibrillator.
The scientific evidence overwhelmingly emphasises the impact that the Bill could have, and I hope that the House recognises that and decides to take action to improve cardiac arrest survival rates.
Let me end with Dave Bowling’s call to action: “defibrillation for the nation”.
Question put and agreed to.
Ordered,
That Stephen Metcalfe, Anna Firth, Mr Mark Francois, Jackie Doyle-Price, Carol Monaghan, Jonathan Gullis, Sir Chris Bryant and Giles Watling present the Bill.
Stephen Metcalfe accordingly presented the Bill.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 24 November , and to be printed (Bill 360).
Consideration of Lords message
I beg to move, That this House disagrees with Lords amendments 44D, 44E, 44F, 44G, 44H and 44J.
Let me begin by reminding the House that the Government have sought to make a realistic assessment of what we can best deliver for families more than a quarter of a century after the 1998 Belfast/Good Friday agreement, nearly 30 years since the first ceasefires, and well over 50 years since the troubles began.
The backdrop is that current mechanisms for addressing legacy matters work for only a very small number of people, rather than the overwhelming majority, and established criminal justice processes are increasingly unlikely to deliver outcomes that people desire, especially in respect of prosecutions.
We have only one issue left to debate today: conditional immunity.
The purpose of this legislation is to give people more information in a shorter timeframe than is possible with the current mechanisms.
We do that by creating an effective information recovery process that relies on a conditional immunity model.
I attended a decent chunk of the debate in the House of Lords yesterday, and although I am sympathetic to the intent behind Lords amendment 44E, which is to give family members a role in deciding whether immunity should or should not be granted, immunity risks undermining the effectiveness of these provisions and the principal aim of information recovery.
For example, the “public interest” consideration element in condition D would lead to uncertainty about the circumstances in which immunity will be granted, undermining the clear and transparent approach that we have developed over time.
If we are to ensure that the Independent Commission for Reconciliation and Information Recovery can obtain as much information for families as possible, we need to ensure that the right incentives are in place for individuals to come forward to provide that information.
I appreciate that the Secretary of State—whom, by the way, I greatly respect—has come here to try to deliver the Bill as it is, but may I make this point to him?
A great many people out there have lost loved ones over the years—we all know who they are—and on every occasion, they seek justice.
As I said to my hon.
Friend  the Member for East Londonderry (Mr Campbell) , even if there is only a candle of light of a possibility that someday, those who had murdered someone’s loved one would be held accountable for it, that is what we need.