I thank the Chairman of the Select Committee for his point.
He will know that other amendments I have tabled have tried to make this body as independent as it can possibly be.
I am sure he will have taken great heart from the appointment of the chief commissioner designate, Sir Declan Morgan, and from the comments he has been making about how he  intends to go about his business.
He is engaging widely, even at this point, and will do so even further when the Bill gets Royal Assent and becomes an Act.
Just in the practice of Sir Declan in putting the flesh on the framework that we are building here for the commission, I think my hon.
Friend will see that there are lots of opportunities for it to do exactly what he wishes it to do.
This is understandably an emotional and difficult topic, and it is one that means a lot to me, having served as a Parliamentary Private Secretary to the former Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Great Yarmouth (Sir Brandon Lewis) , and also having loved ones who lived through the troubles on either side of the border.
The discussions were difficult and I want to give my support to the Secretary of State on this.
If there is a threat of prosecution down the line, it will be the families of British soldiers and the families particularly in Unionist communities who will not get the answers they rightly deserve.
It will disincentivise people from coming forward and presenting evidence.
Even though justice might not be served in a court, there will at least be answers to the questions that family members have been asking for a long time.
It will offer some small hope of reconciliation for those families if they can finally get the truth about what happened and who was involved, in order to allow Northern Ireland to heal and move on.
I have engaged regularly with members of the Northern Irish community, and they want to talk about education and about creating more high-skilled, high-wage jobs.
They are desperate to see prosperity for their great country, and those are the things that that nation wants to move on to look forward to, rather than continuously looking backwards.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his point and for his committed work in my Department.
I was not there at the time, but I know of it.
I understand the point that he makes.
Over the past year, we have endeavoured through amendments to make the Bill very much focused on all victims of the troubles, so that all victims can, if they choose to do so, contact the commission and start a process that will hopefully get them some information in relatively quick time.
We have recently had an example of a Roman Catholic priest who was involved in IRA activities.
When talking about his role, he said that his only regret was that his efforts were not more effective in killing people.
If that kind of evidence is elicited—if people come forward and show no remorse and no regret, and offer no comfort to victims—does the Secretary of State really think victims will feel any better?
Would not giving them the opportunity to say, “In the light of that man’s attitude, I do not believe he should be granted immunity,” be a better way of ensuring that justice is at least seen to be done for those people?
Unbelievably evil things were done in the course of the troubles.
Unbelievably hideous acts were committed, and none of us can change that.
As I said at the beginning of my contribution, it has not been possible to give justice to a huge number of those families even today, even after the passage of all that time and even after numerous investigations in some cases.