I will certainly ensure that whatever best practice the Church Commissioners have can be shared with the Church of Scotland.
What assessment the Church of England has made of the potential impact of church leaders on community relations.
What assessment the Church of England has made of the potential impact of church leaders on community relations.
The Church of England has a presence in every community in England, and provides support to its clergy and other faith communities through its presence and engagement initiative.
Our churches work with inter-faith networks to stand in solidarity with others, bringing people together, and to deepen understanding, offering both spiritual and practical support to those in need.
Bournemouth has been made richer by its diversity and the communities that have chosen to make it their home, yet tensions rose over the summer due to protests about asylum seekers.
I pay tribute to our local churches, particularly Lansdowne church and Gateway church, for the vital work they do to welcome asylum seekers and build community connection between our many communities.
How can we do more to support those churches and the vital work they do?
I recognise and commend the work of all churches that are standing up for minority communities, refugees and those seeking asylum.
Our diversity is our strength, and our strength as a Church lies in supporting every member of our communities, including those who face barriers, persecution or prejudice.
I also want to recognise my hon.
Friend’s leadership in the work she is doing to support her local community, as well as her local churches.
It is so important that our churches work across faiths with all of our communities to enhance community cohesion.
Over the recess, we witnessed the horrific antisemitic attack on one of Manchester’s synagogues and then, just days later, an Islamophobic attack on one of our Sussex mosques.
It is in these difficult and worrying times that religious leaders can continue to play an important role in bringing communities together.
What support can the Church provide to its leaders to continue to work across communities and across faiths, and to foster the supportive, inclusive and diverse tolerant communities that we are all proud to represent in this place?
My thoughts and prayers are with those communities affected by the tragic attack at Heaton Park synagogue, as well as that at the mosque in Sussex.
The Church of England responded by offering direct support through its Manchester interfaith adviser, who worked closely with the authorities and is known and respected in the local community.
The Church Urban Fund, including the near neighbours programme, has played a vital role in strengthening community relations, as does the Church’s presence and engagement initiative.
Across the House, we all know the important role that all our faith organisations play, showing leadership in times of desperate need and suffering.
I thank all our faith leaders across the country for all they do in fostering good relations, but also in bringing about peace and reassurance.
Will the hon.
Lady recognise the awesomeness of the Rev. David Harrigan at St Elisabeth’s church in Eastbourne?
Working with the food bank, he has pioneered a partnership that has been featured by the Trussell Trust as an example of best practice for a relationship between a church leader and a food bank.
Will the hon.
Lady meet Rev. David and me to discuss the Church Commissioners’ plans for the land next to St Elisabeth’s church, to ensure that it is used for community benefit?
I am always happy to meet hon.
Members about any issue they wish to raise.
I pay tribute to the hon.
Gentleman’s church, which is working in partnership with the food bank.
There are many such examples, including at St Mark’s church in my constituency.
We all know the role that our churches play in our communities to provide that social action support.
I am very happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman.
The hon.