They are a civil servant.
It was not once; it happened repeatedly in an iterative process by which the CPS asked for and said there is a gap.
What is it?
Will the Minister please stop trying to make out that we have a different constitution from the one we have, in which he suggests that somehow Ministers are not responsible for the behaviour of their civil servants when that is the foundation of accountability within our parliamentary system?
I will refer back to what I have said already: it is not the place of Ministers, under this or previous Governments, to be vetting or interfering in evidence on that matter.
The battle with China is not just an economic one; it is also a battle of ideas about how the state should operate, and the fact that this case has collapsed is making a complete mockery of our arguments about how the state should operate compared with how China does things.
I suggest to the Minister that, along with the Prime Minister, he is in danger of inadvertently misleading the House.
He has been asked a number of times about the content of the statement in relation to the Conservative party position at the time, and he has insisted that the statements made only reflected the position of the Conservative Government at the time.
Will the Minister explain, then, why the exact wording in the Labour party manifesto in relation to China and its role, ended up in that statement?
The wording in that statement was put in there to provide wider context of the situation, but as I have said many times, and I will keep saying it, that wording is provided independently by the DNSA without any involvement from Ministers or political advisers.
rose—
Were you in at the beginning?
No.
Don’t bother wasting my time then.
Can the Minister tell us whether the Attorney General shares the concern of the CPS that there is not enough evidence to prosecute?
I think every Member of the House shares the concern that the case did not proceed, and that there was not enough evidence, but that decision was taken by the CPS.
Earlier this week, the Security Minister,  the hon.
Member for Barnsley North (Dan Jarvis) , came to this House and said that the National Security Adviser did not have any links to the 48 Group, a group that promotes economic links between the UK and China.
Why did the Minister say that when the National Security Adviser was listed as a fellow of the 48 Group on its website until very recently?
I cannot reply on specifics of the 48 Group; I do not know that.
But the National Security Adviser was not involved in any part of this, as the Prime Minister made clear yesterday.
The CPS decision not to prosecute leaves our nation less secure.
What assurance can the Minister give the House that the Government did everything in their power to ensure that the CPS had the necessary evidence to prosecute?
As I have said several times, this Government did everything they could to support the CPS in that process and to allow evidence to be submitted, but I gently point out again that one of the reasons that this did not proceed was Conservative policy at the time—not materially different from this policy—and the reliance on the 1911 Act.
Minister, what a baptism of fire.
As an MP, I understand the beautiful picture that words can paint, but I also understand the damage of ugly words, and unfortunately, I see here the problems that playing with words is leading to.