Will my hon.
Friend join me in celebrating the role that women are playing in the Church of England at all levels across our country?
My hon.
Friend makes a really important point.
Across this House, I think we would all congratulate and celebrate all the women in leadership within our Church.
Indeed, just last night I was at the installation of the new rector for St Mary’s, Battersea—a woman.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster if he will make a statement on the three witness statements in relation to the alleged breach of the Official Secrets Act on behalf of China.
I thank the hon.
Member for the question and for the opportunity to respond to it today.
I appreciate how serious and personal this is for the hon.
Member, who, like other Members of this House, is sanctioned by China and/or named in the witness statements.
Following the Security Minister’s statement to the House on Monday, the Prime Minister updated Parliament yesterday, following the Crown Prosecution Service’s clarification that the Government were able to publish the witness statements of the deputy National Security Adviser.
As the Prime Minister said in the House, he carefully considered this matter and, following legal advice, decided to disclose the witness statements unredacted and in full.
I reiterate that, as the Prime Minister said yesterday, under this Government no Minister or special adviser played any role in the provision of evidence.
The Prime Minister cannot say whether that was the case under the previous Government, but I once again invite the Conservative party to clarify that.
Stop playing politics!
This is about national security, you petty little man!
Having now had the opportunity to read these statements, Members will have been able to confirm for themselves what the Prime Minister and other members of the Government—
Order.
May I just say—[Interruption.]
No, you are going to hear it, whether you like it or not.
Mr Tugendhat, I expect better from you.
You will be wanting to catch my eye, and this is not the best way to do it.
Can we please show a little bit more respect, which I normally get from you?
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Having now had the opportunity to read the statements, Members will be able to confirm for themselves what the Prime Minister and other members of the Government have stated repeatedly: the DNSA faithfully, and with full integrity, set out the position of the previous UK Government and the various threats posed by the Chinese state to the UK, and did so in order to try to support a successful prosecution.
The first and most substantive witness statement is from December 2023, under the last Government.
The second and third, which are both much shorter, are from February and August 2025 respectively.
It is clear from these statements that the substantive case and evidence submitted by the DNSA does not change materially throughout, and that all three documents clearly articulate the very serious threats posed by China.
The second witness statement, in particular, highlights  the specific details of some of the cyber-threats that we face, and emphasises that China is the “biggest state-based threat” to the UK’s national security.
The third statement goes on to state that the Chinese intelligence services are
“highly capable and conduct large scale espionage operations against the UK to advance the Chinese state’s interests and harm the…security of the UK.”
It is clear from this evidence, which all can now see, that the DNSA took significant strides to articulate the threat from China in support of the prosecution.
The decision on whether to proceed, as the Prime Minister made clear yesterday, was taken purely by the CPS.
It is also clear that the three statements are constrained by the position of the Conservative Government on China at the time of the alleged offences.