I thank the Minister for her answers.
Her enthusiasm is infectious, and we wish her well and thank her for all she does.
The local Youth Justice Agency team in my constituency makes important rehabilitative interventions for young people.
Has the Minister had an opportunity to discuss what is happening here with the Department of Justice back home, to ensure that the benefits here come back to us in Northern Ireland as well?
I am incredibly grateful for the hon.
Gentleman’s kind comments.
I have visited Northern Ireland twice in my capacity as a DCMS Minister.
I speak with my counterparts, and I would be delighted to discuss that further with the hon.
Gentleman.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Since we last met, the Football Governance Act 2025 has become law.
The Independent Football Regulator now has a chair, a chief executive and a board, and it is wasting no time in putting fans back at the heart of the game, where they belong.
I know the whole House will welcome the news of the ceasefire in the middle east, which we hope will bring an end to the appalling suffering in Palestine and Israel.
I want to take this opportunity to pay tribute to the many fearless Palestinian journalists who have reported so bravely from Gaza—248 lives have been lost.
They say that truth dies in the darkness.
They will not be forgotten.
I thank the Secretary of State for her comments.
Despite previous reassurances from Reach plc, owner of the Mirror, Daily Record, Express and many regional papers, it has announced redundancies that put 600 journalists’ jobs under threat.
Many Members on both sides of the House are concerned about the continued erosion of our media landscape, and particularly the loss of experienced and professional journalists,  which risks driving people towards fake news and misinformation on social media.
Will the Minister meet the National Union of Journalists and concerned MPs from the all-party group to discuss this pressing issue?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his work in supporting not just local journalism but local journalists.
They are an essential part of our democracy, and it was not lost on me that local newspapers helped to counter the misinformation and disinformation that was spreading online like wildfire during the disorder last summer.
It is why we are developing a local media strategy, working with many of the organisations that he mentioned, but I would be delighted to meet him, other Members of Parliament and the NUJ to discuss this further.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I welcome the new Minister of State,  the right hon.
Member for Edinburgh South (Ian Murray) , to his role, and I thank the Secretary of State for her welcoming comments to me earlier.
She is right: we have had many conversations in the past about many aspects of DCMS not being overtly party political, and that is a good thing.
However, there are areas of disagreement, including this Government’s anti-business attitude and policies.
Increasing national insurance and business rates has caused untold damage to swathes of DCMS sectors.
Will the Secretary of State therefore support the Conservative policy of 100% business rates relief on the retail, hospitality and leisure sectors?
At the very least, can she assure me that she is begging and pleading with the Chancellor not to do any more damage to those sectors in the upcoming Budget?
I thank the hon.
Member for his warm words.
However, it takes some brass neck to represent a political party in this Chamber that in recent memory crashed the economy and left working people across the country paying the price.
The demand for charities soared as a direct result of the Conservatives’ policies, while the ability of charities to stand up and speak up for the people they represented was attacked and undermined at every turn by his Government.