Bill read the Third time and passed, without amendment.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps her Department has taken to support the delivery of youth services in deprived communities.
This Government are co-producing a national youth strategy—the first in decades—to bring power back to young people, no matter who they are or where they live.
I am really proud that we are directly investing over £28 million in youth programmes across the country this year.
As a young man who owes as much to youth theatre as to my schooling for giving me the confidence to speak in this place, I know the importance of youth services.
I am really pleased that the Government have the better youth spaces fund, which organisations in my constituency have been engaging with, and I hope that the Government will look favourably at what comes from Bishop Auckland.
The process has brought to light just how stripped bare our youth services are and how few meet the 50% threshold of youth services provision.
Would the Secretary of State or one of her advisers meet me to discuss how we can ensure that we have the youth workers in order to actually bid for the funds in the first place?
We had to take the difficult decision to focus the better youth spaces funding on organisations whose main aim is supporting young people.
My hon.
Friend is right to point to the absolutely dire state of youth services that we inherited.
A billion pounds was taken out of youth services under the last Government, and thousands of youth workers and hundreds of youth  clubs were lost up and down the country.
Our forthcoming national youth strategy will put youth workers and youth clubs at the heart of those plans, and we will invest.
Local charities would be better equipped to deliver youth services if they could maximise their income from sources such as the People’s Postcode Lottery, but in spring the Government refused to make the reforms that would enable more money to be available for good causes, despite supporting it in opposition.
Given that this decision has proved quite controversial, will the Government agree to revisit it?
We have heard concerns from across the House on this issue, and the Youth Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Barnsley South (Stephanie Peacock) , would be happy to meet with the hon.
Lady to discuss it.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
We all recognise the value of youth services, but the right hon.
Lady will be well aware that many youth services, from mental health support to sport provision, are commissioned and then provided by charities, which are under quite severe financial pressures, yet incredibly charities were not exempt from Labour’s national insurance increases.
Even children’s hospices were not.
Why not?
Is the Department engaging constructively with the Chancellor about the plight of children’s and youth charities?
There is no point having a youth strategy if the Government are undermining the viability of the providers of the services.
First of all, I welcome the shadow Secretary of State to his place and thank him for the very constructive way that he engaged with colleagues from across the House as Sports Minister, including me.
I hope that is a model we can replicate.
I really do recognise the centrality of charities to everything we are trying to do as a country.
The shadow Secretary of State will know that my background at the Centrepoint charity and then the Children’s Society was what led me into this place.
On his specific issue, we have protected the smallest charities, which will be better off as a consequence of our reforms.
We have also ensured that the majority will pay either the same or less.
We do recognise the challenges, however, and my hon.