That is why it is important that the evidence is in the public domain now and that everyone can judge from that how things proceeded.
I will just make one final point.
Obviously, the CPS decision was not based purely on the evidence put forward by the DNSA.
It was based on much wider evidence collected over a much longer period, so the decision on whether to proceed was taken by the CPS on a much broader evidential basis.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Yesterday, we saw finger pointing and “gotcha” moments from both the Government and the Opposition Benches during Prime Minister’s questions, but the release of the witness statements last night provides further questions for both sides, including what pressure was being applied to  the right hon.
Member for Tonbridge (Tom Tugendhat)  and  the hon.
Member for Rutland and Stamford (Alicia Kearns)  from within their own party to dampen down their criticisms of China.
This whole thing makes an absolutely mockery of what is a serious collapse of a case and a threat to our national security—a threat that is not going away but will only increase.
Did the CPS tell the Government in advance that the case was at risk of collapsing?
Did it ask the Government to be more explicit in their wording, and if so, why were the Government not more explicit?
Will the Minister commit today to a statutory independent inquiry, which would provide radical transparency and ensure that the right lessons are learned so that this does not happen again?
I can promise that I will try to avoid all “gotcha” moments and finger pointing.
On the question of when the CPS informed the Government, my understanding, and the Prime Minister made this clear yesterday, is that the Prime Minister was informed very shortly before the case collapsed—a matter of days before.
That is on the record—it was in the House, if you need to refer to that, from the Prime Minister.
In terms of future inquiries, I should have said to my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Islington South and Finsbury (Emily Thornberry)  that this is an issue Select Committees will want to look at as well.
There is a normal process for that, but I am unable to go beyond that today.
I call the Chair of the Joint Committee on the National Security Strategy.
I am pleased that the Government published the witnessed statements last night, but clearly there are a lot of questions yet to be asked in terms of how this came about and what evidence there was that may not have been shared, or perhaps was not asked for.
The Joint Committee met this morning to discuss the situation.
We will hold a formal inquiry into the issue.
Just to remind Members, the Committee comprises the Chairs of the Foreign Affairs Committee, the Home Affairs Committee and the Justice Committee, so we are well covered.
We will be holding the inquiry as soon as we possibly can.
Will the Minister give his commitment that we will have access to Ministers, civil servants and whoever we wish to come before us?
As I say, parliamentary scrutiny and transparency is something that, despite the allegation, we are trying to provide with statements and by publishing evidence.
I am sure, going forward, that that is something that will carry on.
I will come back to my hon.
Friend on the precise mechanism for how we will do that, but I am sure people will be made available to his Committee.
I call the Father of the House.
Obviously, this is too important for party politics; it is a matter of national security against an existential threat from China.
The Prime Minister was clear yesterday when he said that no Minister would ever apply pressure to the CPS, and I completely believe him.