Had the Conservatives got on with the job and replaced the law more quickly, would we be in a different position now?
My hon.
Friend invites me to play party politics, and I have promised several times that I am not going to do that.
Factually, it is true that if the espionage Act had been updated more quickly and the current Act had been in place at the time, the case would have been able to proceed.
That is the case.
Decisions were taken not to do that, and I think that is greatly regrettable.
I welcome the Minister to his place on his first outing— I have to say, I think the Prime Minister owes him a  favour.
The Minister will understand the need for absolutely clarity, and I know he says that, but given the serious threat that he has said China poses to us, can he be absolutely clear on two issues: first, that there was no ministerial involvement whatsoever in pulling this case, and, secondly, that the Government provided all evidence that they were asked for?
I am afraid that just saying “It is my understanding” is not good enough.
We need some assurances.
The answer is yes to both.
Given that the deputy National Security Adviser is a civil servant and therefore accountable, who was holding him to account for the job that he was doing?
May I just emphasise that I am sure he was doing his level and honourable best in the circumstances in which he found himself, but it is really beyond belief that—as became apparent from the third inquiry, where the Director of Public Prosecutions was asking for a clear statement that China was a national security threat—nobody was capable of telling him, “Well, actually, you’d better say that”?
The idea that he was somehow beyond any influence from anybody is laughable.
One can only conclude that this conspiracy of omission was something that the Government wanted because they did not want this trial to go ahead.
No, that is really not the case.
First, people who have worked with the DNSA will know that he is of the highest calibre and integrity on this matter.
He presented evidence under successive Governments on this, devoid of any influence from advisers or Government on this side—I cannot say if that was the case under the previous Government, but I am sure it was.
He presented that evidence freely and to the best of his ability under successive Governments.
Leaders should delegate responsibility but not accountability.
The argument at Prime Minister’s questions yesterday revolved around whether a Minister or a special adviser had influenced the collapse of the case, and it was established that neither Ministers nor special advisers had involvement in the provision of evidence, but does the Minister think it would have been worth Ministers reflecting on the Intelligence and Security Committee’s 2023 China report and requesting sight of the witness statements provided by the senior civil servant before they were submitted?
In essence, have the Government sought to delegate to a civil servant responsibility and accountability?
No.
It is not the position of the Government, or of successive Governments, to vet witness statements made in such cases.
The hon.
Gentleman will correct me if I am wrong, but I think that is what he is asking.
Across the three witness statements, the deputy National Security Adviser sets out—15 or 20 times; I cannot remember the exact number—clearly and consistently the very serious threats that China poses.
On the basis of that, the decision not to prosecute is taken by the CPS.
I am slightly baffled by the answer that it is not the job of Ministers to vet witness statements when they are made on behalf of the Government.
That is exactly the point; they are accountable.