Interruption.]
Order.
I am not in the position of needing any advice or help.
I have had enough from the Opposition Benches; I do not want it starting on the Government Benches, too.
I think we will take it that there was, in fairness, an apology to those on the Front Bench.
May I start by saying briefly quite how this feels, Mr Speaker?
My home has been broken into, my files have been ransacked, somebody was put into my office by a hostile state, and the two parties are playing politics with it.
This is the national security of the United Kingdom.
The people of Tonbridge elected  me; they may have chosen wrong, but they did.
The people of other parts of the United Kingdom chose everybody else in this House—it is up to them to choose who represents them.
Yet here we have two individuals seeking to extract information from us, and the Government’s response is not as mine was: do everything you can to make sure the prosecution works.
No, no, it was “process, process”.
Well, who the hell’s side are you on?
This is not about bureaucracy; this is about leadership.
We are not sent here to be civil servants.
We are sent here to lead the country and to make decisions.
I feel nothing but fondness for the Minister in his place, and I am very sorry that he has been sent out on what is not quite his first outing, but pretty close—[Interruption.]
Oh, it is his first outing!
He has been sent out on his first outing to defend the indefensible.
He now has the position in which he effectively has to say that he is not a politician, but a bureaucrat, that there is nothing he can do, and that frankly he should not even be here in the first place, because that seems to be the Prime Minister’s line.
Former Attorneys General have got up and prosecuted on the state’s behalf.
This Attorney General and this Prime Minister have said, “Not on my watch—not worth the effort.”
Just to say, I have huge respect for the right hon.
Member, even if that evidently is not mutual at the moment—let us see if we can get to that place.
The Prime Minister answered this question yesterday.
I fully appreciate how personally this affects the right hon.
Member, his constituency and his office.
I do understand that, and I am genuinely not trying to play politics.
I see his eyebrows raised at that, but I am genuinely not.
I am trying to tell the story of how this situation has progressed and to reiterate from the Dispatch Box the point that the Prime Minister made yesterday and the Security Minister made on Monday, which is that the Government’s position—as it has been under successive Governments, but particularly under this Prime Minister—is that there will be no interference with the CPS in the process of this, and that every effort was made to try to deliver evidence to support its case when it was asked for.
As  the right hon.
Member for Tonbridge (Tom Tugendhat)  emphasises so emphatically, across the whole House we are appalled by the actions of the Chinese state.
I want to go back to the precise law under which the charges were brought.
The Act was first introduced in 1911 and the Conservatives set out to review it when they were in Government in 2015, but they did not successfully replace with a law that was fit for purpose until 2023, eight years later.
Had the Conservatives got on with the job and replaced the law more quickly, would we be in a different position now?
My hon.
Friend invites me to play party politics, and I have promised several times that I am not going to do that.