I would be happy to meet him to discuss it further.
If she will have discussions with the Coal Industry Social Welfare Organisation on its role in supporting coalmining communities.
I know from my own experience, from Members across the House and from my constituents, of the deep unhappiness with CISWO.
As Charities Minister, I met representatives of the Charity Commission to discuss CISWO’s support for coal mining communities, and I know the commission is in contact with CISWO.
I encourage the chief executive officer and trustees to reflect on how they deliver their charitable purposes in the light of the dissatisfaction expressed by hon.
Members and local communities, and I strongly encourage CISWO to strengthen its engagement with the local coalfield communities that it was established to support.
The Coal Industry Social Welfare Organisation dates back to the 1920s.
Its main function then and its main function now is to support the mining communities, but sadly many mining MPs are witnessing exactly the opposite.
The chief executive officer’s rigid enforcement of decades-old covenants and dogged intransigence is working against our mining communities.
In my patch of Blyth and Ashington, the eviction of the Bedlington Terriers from a ground they have played on for more than 50 years is a prime example.
The trustees believe themselves to be untouchable and have tret the coalfield MPs with the utmost contempt.
Will the Minister agree to meet me and the chair of the coalfield group to discuss how together we can reverse the current mindset of the CISWO trustees and reflect the real needs of the people in our mining communities?
I understand my hon.
Friend’s grave concerns, which are reflected across our coalfield communities.
I am deeply troubled to hear the example he shares with the House.
Charities must stay true to their charitable purposes and act within the law and the terms of their governing document.
Where they fail to do so, it is right that we have the Charity Commission as the independent regulator to investigate.
I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss his concerns in more detail.
That invitation is open to any Member of the House, as it is clear to me that concerns regarding CISWO are sincerely held.
I once again reiterate my encouragement for the CEO and trustees to reflect on how they deliver their charitable purposes for the coalfield communities they are meant to represent.
What discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on levels of funding for youth services.
We will soon be launching our national youth strategy, created with young people and designed to tackle the problems affecting them.
As part of that work, we engage regularly with Cabinet colleagues on ensuring that the problems impacting young people are heard and properly tackled.
This financial year, DCMS is investing over £145 million in youth funding.
I welcome the Government’s work on the national youth strategy and their investment in youth services so far.
How do they expect the move away from a one-size-fits-all approach to benefit young people from different backgrounds in my constituency and in general?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for all her work.
In our youth strategy, we will set out the next steps to invest in the future of our young people.
We want to better co-ordinate youth services and move away from a one-size-fits-all approach from central Government.
In short, we want to put power back in the hands of young people and their communities.
Youth services deliver huge benefits to our community, both socially and economically, reducing knife crime and antisocial behaviour and, in turn, saving the country £500 million a year.
Yet the clubs that I meet in my constituency, including Wesley Hall youth club and Eyres Monsell club for young people, tell me that there is a real recruitment and retention crisis in the sector.