We have to and will protect it and I am happy to give him that assurance.
What steps she is taking to support grassroots music venues.
As someone who used to manage a local band called Squeezebox when at university—available at all bad record stores—I understand that grassroots music is the lifeblood of the music industry.
The Government have committed to supporting the live music industry’s introduction of a voluntary levy on tickets for stadium and arena shows and that money will be ploughed straight into the grassroots music sector.
The Government are providing up to £30 million for the music growth package, which will provide further Government support to grassroots venues by fostering domestic growth, talent development and music exports.
Grassroots music venues across the country, particularly across London, are finding it increasingly difficult to survive as customers are spending less when they come to gigs because of the cost of living crisis.
Will the Minister explain the progress on the levy?
Will he consider the Lib Dem calls to reverse the national insurance rise on small businesses to give venues such as the Sound Lounge and the CryerArts Centre in Sutton, which are so valued by our local community, the best chance to survive and thrive?
The hon.
Gentleman lays out the difficulties, of which there are many, for the live music sector and potentially the venues, many of them in his constituency.
We want to see 50% of all ticket sales for stadium and arena shows in 2026 enter that music levy; that is this Government’s aspiration and we encourage all ticket providers to do so.
In the autumn 2024 Budget, as he suggests, the Chancellor set out plans to transform the business rates system over this Parliament.
Those reforms will provide certainty and support to businesses, including music venues.
The Government have been engaging with the live music sector on business rates reforms and will set out further policy details in next month’s Budget.
I call the Liberal Democrats spokesperson.
I welcome the Minister to his place and I look forward to working with him—I am delighted to hear that he is a keen musician.
Since Brexit, British musicians’ European tours have dropped by around 9% year on year, as a mountain of bureaucracy blocks those hoping to cut their teeth on the European circuit.
In Frome and East Somerset, I am lucky to have musicians who travel in Europe, but who will not have a team of people to do the paperwork for them.
Will the Minister update us on what tangible steps have been taken for touring artists since the so-called reset deal, so that our musicians can take centre stage in Europe once more?
Let me correct the record.
I did not say that I was a musician; I said that I managed a band.
I would not like that to be incorrectly recorded in Hansard.
In any case, I thank the hon.
Lady for the encouragement.
This matter is a priority for this Government to try and resolve.
It was mentioned in the UK-EU reset summit agreement.
We are working hard with the Paymaster General, who takes forward those negotiations.
I am already in touch with the European Commissioner for culture.
I can assure the hon.
Lady that we will do everything we possibly can to get the agreement and the commitment over the line.
What steps she is taking to support the motorsport industry.
This Government are proud to play a part in the continued growth and success of the motorsport industry.
We have recently published the advanced manufacturing sector plan, which has automotive at its heart, aiming to nearly double the annual business investment in the sector to £39 billion by 2035, with 84% of advanced manufacturing jobs based outside London.