On the basis of that, the decision not to prosecute is taken by the CPS.
I am slightly baffled by the answer that it is not the job of Ministers to vet witness statements when they are made on behalf of the Government.
That is exactly the point; they are accountable.
The Prime Minister said that the evidence that was relevant to the case was the previous Government’s China policy, but the statements published last night showed that they were changed to reflect this Government’s China policy.
That is not the only way in which the Prime Minister’s story has fallen apart, but on that specific point, what he told the House was not correct, was it?
It was.
There was no political interference from the Government in any of the statements made. [
Interruption.]
It does not matter how many times hon.
Members allege it; it was not the case.
Among all the noise of this China spy scandal, my constituents in Boston and Skegness—and the whole British people—want some clarity from the Government.
Do they view China as a national security threat—yes or no?
Throughout the evidence, the threats that China poses are set out multiple times.
There is complete consistency between the two.
Obviously there are very serious threats—I have read them out in my statements.
The deputy National Security Adviser is clear in his evidence that China is the greatest state economic threat to the UK.
Does the Minister agree with that?
Is he seriously trying to suggest that the deputy National Security Adviser, given what he has said in his evidence, did not clear what he was doing with the CPS with his superiors, Jonathan Powell or Ministers?
Yes, that is exactly what I am saying, the Prime Minister said yesterday, and the Security Minister said on Monday.
Notwithstanding the decision to drop this case, it is clear that China is trying to undermine our democracy.
Will the Government include all Chinese officials, Hong Kong special administrative region officials and Chinese Communist party-linked organisations on the enhanced tier of the foreign influence registration scheme?
I am afraid that I am not across the specific of that in my brief, so I will get back to the hon.
Lady.
The Minister knows the Prime Minister well, having been one of his close advisers as well as his Parliamentary Private Secretary.
Why, when he learnt that a major trial concerning spying on Members was going to collapse, did the Prime Minister do nothing?
Why did he not ask if anything could be done to stop the trial collapsing?
Is that what he wanted to happen, and if not, why did he not act?
As I have said many times, the Government wanted the prosecution to proceed and allowed every opportunity for evidence to be provided for it and for the CPS to gather that.
The Prime Minister has already  stated when he was informed that the trial was in that process.
He also made it clear yesterday, in response to  the right hon.
Member for Tonbridge (Tom Tugendhat) , that it is not his position to interfere.
The case was then dropped by the CPS independently.
The CPS has independence from Ministers; civil servants do not.
The whole point of our constitution is that civil servants can never be thrown under the bus because Ministers are responsible.
They own everything the civil servants do.
There is no carve-out because someone has this high title of being a National Security Adviser.
They are a civil servant.
It was not once; it happened repeatedly in an iterative process by which the CPS asked for and said there is a gap.
What is it?