I thank the shadow Minister for that and, as I say, I do recognise how personally important this matter is to him and to many Members of the House.
On transparency, the Security Minister has given two statements to this House.
The Prime Minister gave what I think we can all agree was a rather lengthy statement yesterday, and he used the pretty unusual process of publishing the evidence in full yesterday, so transparency is something the Government are trying to provide.
The key point the shadow Minister made was about why the Prime Minister or Ministers did not interfere or try to do so.
As the Prime Minister made clear yesterday, this was a matter for the CPS independently, and an important principle of this Government—[Interruption.]
Evidence was provided independently by the deputy National Security Adviser.
The Prime Minister made it clear, and this is the bit I find confusing—[Interruption.]
Order.
Mr Cartlidge, you are very energetic there and even I can hear you from here, so please can we have a little bit less?
This is the bit that I find slightly confusing about the Opposition’s approach.
On Monday and today as well, they have accused this Government of political interference, including by the National Security Adviser.
The Prime Minister has made it absolutely clear that that is completely untrue.
On the other hand, they are saying there should have been political interference, and that the Prime Minister should have directed or tried to help the CPS.
The Prime Minister has made it very clear that that is not the case, and that no Prime Minister and no Government would interfere with the CPS on a decision to charge, which is entirely for it to make.
In terms of the evidence in the three statements put forward yesterday, there is clear consistency across them.
They all set out the very, very serious threats that China poses.
I do not think anyone can think that that is not the case. [
Interruption.]
It was provided independently by the deputy National Security Adviser without interference from anyone else.
They are his words.
It is his choice what happens, and that is what happened.
We have been through this several times—on Monday, yesterday and today.
The Prime Minister has provided the evidence.
It is there for Ministers and Members to see.
Ultimately, the decision was taken by the CPS not to proceed and we are all disappointed in that.
I call the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee.
It seems to me that the issue is this: given that all the deputy NSA’s witness statements refer to China as a threat, I cannot understand why the CPS took the nuclear option of collapsing the case rather than leaving  it to a jury.
Twenty years as a criminal barrister has given me absolute faith that the jury would have spent no time on how many angels can dance on the top of a pin, but would simply have looked at whether or not China was an enemy.
They would have found it very easy to decide that that is exactly what it was and then moved on to whether or not these men had been spying on behalf of China.
It does seem to me that the decision should have been left to a jury.
Does my hon.
Friend have any idea why on earth the CPS dropped the case?
As I say, this was a decision taken by the CPS independently, with no interference or involvement from the Government.
Members may or may not sympathise with that decision.
It was a CPS decision.
That is why it is important that the evidence is in the public domain now and that everyone can judge from that how things proceeded.
I will just make one final point.
Obviously, the CPS decision was not based purely on the evidence put forward by the DNSA.