As the very proud Member of Parliament for Wigan, which is the greatest coalmining community on earth—[Interruption.]
I can hear that I have lost the good will of the House.
I am happy to pay tribute to the work of the National Coal Mining Museum for England  and to the fact that we keep alive our heritage and the history of the contribution that working-class people have made to this country.
I am delighted that I will have more to say about that later today.
The Under-Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Barnsley South (Stephanie Peacock) , has visited the museum, and I am keen to work with him to ensure that we get the matter resolved as soon as possible.
People across the UK are suffering in silence with gambling addictions.
The proliferation of online betting has only added to the issue, as people are able to wager more money than they can afford with just a click on their phone screen.
Will the Minister speak to her colleague the Chancellor in advance of the upcoming Budget to support the Liberal Democrats’ call for a double gambling tax, which would not only raise millions of pounds but disincentivise harmful gambling?
This Government have wasted no time in taking action to increase the amount of support available to the minority of people for whom gambling becomes a problem.
As I said to  the hon.
Member for Old Bexley and Sidcup (Mr French) , gambling brings joy to millions of people and it is an incredibly important part of the UK economy, but we are determined to ensure that support is there for that minority of people.
That is why we wasted no time in introducing a levy that is helping to boost such support, particularly for young people.
We are happy to continue the conversation with Members from across the House to ensure that we tackle this important issue, but on the specific proposal that the hon.
Lady makes, we have no plans to introduce such a measure.
rose—
Order.
I am sorry but I have to pull stumps as we are well over time.
DCMS questions are so popular—many hon.
Members have not been able to get in—that I believe we really need an hour on the subject, as I am sure the Secretary of State will agree.
I know that the Secretary of State wanted to congratulate Hull KR on its treble in rugby league and on beating Wigan Warriors in the final, and I am sure that she will be supporting Great Britain when we play Australia a week on Saturday.
The hon.
Member for Battersea, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked—
What steps the Church of England is taking to help support persecuted Christians in other countries.
The Church of England supports efforts to defend international religious freedoms for Christians or whichever religious group faces persecution.
The Church has created parliamentary caucuses involving religious leaders in east and west Africa, and in south-east Asia to support legislation to protect religious freedoms.
Next month marks the International Day of Prayer for the Persecuted Church, when congregations across the world will pray for those persecuted for their faith.
That includes those in Sudan, where many Christians have been abducted and killed and more than 100 churches have been targeted for damage in recent years.
I ask the hon.
Member to use her good offices to encourage the Church of England to do all it can to protect the rights and security of worshippers across the world.
I am sure that across the House we can all agree that the situation in Sudan is desperate.
The Church of England dioceses have given financial support and practical aid and worked through local agencies and international charities to support the local clergy in Sudan.
The Bishop of Leeds has visited the country many times, most recently within the past year.