I am very happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman.
The hon.
Member for Blaenau Gwent and Rhymney, representing the House of Commons Commission, was asked—
What steps the Commission is taking to increase the use of British-made ceramics by the House of Commons.
The House Administration sources a wide range of crockery from firms in the UK, as well as those based elsewhere.
Where possible, Parliament endeavours to purchase British goods to support domestic supply chains.
All purchasing is in line with the relevant legislation for public bodies, which prioritises value for money.
Some 85% of crockery purchased in the past two years has been from British manufacturers.
May I thank you, Mr Speaker, for your leadership on this?
The exquisite Speaker’s House collection that you personally commissioned is made proudly in Stoke-on-Trent by Duchess China.
I am sure that the House will be pleased to know that it is in stock, reasonably priced and available in time for Christmas.
This place is a great showcase for British talent and skills.
Although I accept my hon.
Friend’s answer, there is more that we can do.
Through him, I encourage the Commission to ensure that whenever a tender is offered for crockery, giftware or tableware in this place, it looks not just at value for money but at the social value of supporting British manufacturers wherever possible.
It pleases me when I see my hon.
Friend turning his plate or mug upside down in the Tea Room, to double-check whether the crockery was made in Stoke.
It is good when Westminster shows off the best of our UK ceramics manufacturing.
Where possible and appropriate, and in accordance with procurement law, Parliament will endeavour to purchase British goods and support our domestic supply chains.
The hon.
Member for Battersea, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked—
What steps the Church of England is taking to help support the appointment process for the next Archbishop of Canterbury.
On  3 October , after 11 months, Bishop Sarah Mullally was appointed as the 106th Archbishop of Canterbury.
This is an historic appointment, as she is the first woman to be appointed to the position.
As my hon.
Friend will know, it has been a really difficult year for the Church, and for Canterbury cathedral in particular, with the death of our beloved Dean Emeritus Robert Willis, the horrible circumstances surrounding the resignation of Archbishop Justin, and the current controversy about an art exhibition that seems to have offended the vice-president of America, among other people.
Does she agree that the historic choice of Bishop Sarah Mullally as the first ever woman appointed to the role could and should herald a new start for the Church and a righting of the historical wrongs of child abuse, which she speaks about a lot?
My hon.
Friend makes some very good points, and I thank her for her words and good wishes.
She is a true champion of women’s rights, but also of women in leadership.
I want to place on the record my congratulations to Bishop Sarah on making history.
She spent over 35 years in the NHS, becoming the youngest ever chief nursing officer for England.
She was made a Dame Commander   of the British Empire in 2005 for her contributions to nursing and midwifery.
I would add that Bishop Sarah served her curacy at St Saviour’s, Battersea Fields, in my constituency.
May I add my congratulations to the new Archbishop of Canterbury?
I wrote my thesis on the campaign for women’s ordination in the Church of England, so it is brilliant to see a woman go to the highest office for the first time, and I place on the record my thanks to the women and men who campaigned for women’s ordination in the first place.
Will my hon.
Friend join me in celebrating the role that women are playing in the Church of England at all levels across our country?
My hon.