Boxing brings joy to millions of people, and it ought to be celebrated.
The town of Bodmin in my constituency is fast becoming the museum capital of Cornwall.
It has the excellent Discovering42 science museum, Bodmin Town museum, and the Army museum at Bodmin Keep, which is battling for survival and crowdfunding to stay open.
What is the Minister doing to support those brilliant smaller museums that have such huge economic, social and educational value, especially given that the shared prosperity fund is about to end?
This Government applaud and support the role that museums play in educating and inspiring audiences, including in Cornwall and across every part of the country in every Member’s constituency.
Last week the Government announced that 75 museum groups  around the country will benefit from an additional £20 million of funding as part of the museum renewal fund, delivered by Arts Council England.
Together with our new £25 million investment in regional museums via the aptly named museum estate and development fund, which is to be announced in the new year, that represents a considerable show of support for local museums across the country, on top of the £44 million allocated by Arts Council England.
You may be interested to know, Mr Speaker, that today is the launch of Peterborough tourist board, and our new Discover Peterborough website.
That brings together our great attractions, such as our 900-year-old cathedral and our great museum, as well as the great outdoors such as Nene park and Flag Fen.
Will the Minister join me in welcoming the formation of Discover Peterborough, and say what more she can do to support the visitor economy and great attractions in places such as mine?
I am delighted to take on the responsibility of being Minister for Tourism.
Over the past month, it has been a pleasure to make a number of visits and to take part in meetings highlighting just how much the sector has to offer.
We want the benefits of tourism to be felt across every nation and region, and a key strand of that work will be increasing the number of visitors who are aware of the offer outside London.
I welcome the work that my hon.
Friend is doing to promote Peterborough and I look forward to a visit with him.
In a stunning setting with superb facilities, Garsington Opera in Stokenchurch provides incredible training opportunities for young people who want a career in the arts.
Does the Minister agree that this is a vital facility, and what more will she do to ensure that all young people who want a career in the arts have those training opportunities?
I can assure the hon.
Gentleman that the DCMS ministerial team and the entire Government are fully committed to ensuring that there is full access to training and skills in the arts.
I would be happy to meet him to discuss that project, but if any young person in any part of this land wants to get into the arts, this Government are for them.
I understand from a number of people who work at the National Coal Mining Museum for England in Wakefield that unfortunately there is an intractable dispute there.
My constituents have asked me to put two questions to the Minister.
First, will she say how proud we are as a country that we have a national museum of coalmining to celebrate the history of the mines?
Secondly, if necessary, will she seek to secure an agreement between the disagreeing parties at the museum?
As the very proud Member of Parliament for Wigan, which is the greatest coalmining community on earth—[Interruption.]
I can hear that I have lost the good will of the House.
I am happy to pay tribute to the work of the National Coal Mining Museum for England  and to the fact that we keep alive our heritage and the history of the contribution that working-class people have made to this country.