As I have said several times, this Government did everything they could to support the CPS in that process and to allow evidence to be submitted, but I gently point out again that one of the reasons that this did not proceed was Conservative policy at the time—not materially different from this policy—and the reliance on the 1911 Act.
Minister, what a baptism of fire.
As an MP, I understand the beautiful picture that words can paint, but I also understand the damage of ugly words, and unfortunately, I see here the problems that playing with words is leading to.
With great respect to the Minister, does he acknowledge that the play on words by the Government and the CPS further erodes trust in Government and that the witness statements may be construed to underline the views of my constituents in Strangford and elsewhere that China is a threat to those in this great United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland?
Will the Minister meet his Cabinet colleagues to find an open and transparent path to justice, not simply for this but to send a message to the Chinese Government to ensure they accept the sovereignty of this country and this nation and the protections that should and do exist for all those who live here, my constituents and everybody’s constituents?
The hon.
Gentleman raises a good point, and I thank him for his kind words in welcoming me.
If I can speak as many times in this place as he does, I will be very grateful—[Interruption.]
I am not sure anyone really wants that.
He makes a very serious point about the threats posed by China and the threats posed to his constituents and all our constituents by that.
That is the central message we should be trying to get back to: how the Government can work across the parties and how, with the CPS and others, we can all work to ensure that this kind of thing can never happen again.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Until the statement was published last night, some of us had no idea about the details of this case, but the Government appear to be unwilling to answer three questions that have been asked repeatedly in this Chamber, so can you, Mr Speaker, kindly help me to ascertain how we get answers to them?
The first concerns proof that, for the 14 months  the CPS asked about, the DNSA at no point spoke to any Ministers or the National Security Adviser.
Why, when the Prime Minister was informed that the case would collapse, did he not do everything in his power, and is there any evidence that he took any action at all?
And why, if the Government are so disappointed that the case collapsed, have there been to this day no repercussions for the Chinese Communist party, despite the Government in power having every tool in the box to make it clear that we will protect this House, this democracy and this country?
I cannot prolong the UQ.
I know the hon.
Lady well, and I know she will not leave it at that point of order.
She will go and use all the options that are open to her, and I am sure that she will be coming back in not too distant a time.
rose—
I call Tom Tugendhat, who will not keep this debate going.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
I will not; I am going to raise a different argument, if I may.
Given that the Government’s position is that the bureaucrats run the Government and are in charge of everything, may we dissolve this House and save the taxpayer the money, because clearly this is not a democracy any more?
I am sure the right hon.
Member would not want to give up his seat quite so quickly.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.