As I have said, more can always be done in this area, but I thank him for his continued commitment.
What steps the Church Commissioners are taking to support small churches in rural communities.
Rural churches play an important role in the life and wellbeing of their communities.
Funding has been allocated by the National Church Institutions in recognition of that, and it is making a significant difference to missions across the country.
Funds have been awarded to the diocese of Hereford to pay for a series of centres to support rural parishes with their outreach to children and young people.
In the diocese of Carlisle, there is investment to help train new leaders, as part of a three-year pilot in rural mission communities.
Back in May, St John the Baptist church in Slitting Mill near Rugeley held its final service.
St John’s is a huge loss to the community—it was such a welcoming and unique church, having been housed in a semi-detached house with neighbours still living next door.
Although the closure was sadly necessary to protect the other four churches in Rugeley and Brereton, Slitting Mill now has no church, as well as no bus route.
Could my hon.
Friend tell the House what the Church Commissioners are doing to ensure that rural communities are not left without any access at all to places of worship?
I am truly sorry to hear about the closure of St John the Baptist church.
As I have highlighted, in recognition of the importance of supporting churches in rural communities, the Church is investing £11 million with partner organisations dedicated to sharing the Christian faith.
That funding will be available to nearly half the parishes across the Church of England, and a range of traditions, activities and organisations will be supported through that funding.
However, I would  be happy to meet or write to my hon.
Friend.
It is really important that churches are available and that people have places to worship.
Under the Local Government Act 1972, parochial church councils may serve notice requiring parish or district councils to assume responsibility for the maintenance of closed churchyards.
Local government reorganisation and the creation of unitary authorities is requiring parish councils to take on more responsibility as district councils close.
Are the Church Commissioners giving any thought to the effect of local government reorganisation on how those closed churchyards might be maintained?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point.
That overlaps with what is happening at local government level, but also with what the Church Commissioners are doing.
I will write to him to set out whether discussions are taking place with the Church Commissioners.
I hope he will find that sufficient.
St John’s church in Darlington, an iconic church that makes up the skyline of our great town, has recently been put up for sale.
Will the Commissioner meet me to discuss exactly what criteria the community needs to meet to ensure that we can repurpose the church as a building of social value?
I would be very happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
Can I ask the hon.
Lady to encourage the Church Commissioners to share best practice and their experience of sustaining small churches in rural communities with the Church of Scotland?
Sadly, in my constituency we have seen almost the wholesale closure of every small church in a rural area.
Again, I am sorry to hear about the right hon.
Member’s constituency and the number of churches that are no longer in operation.
I will certainly ensure that whatever best practice the Church Commissioners have can be shared with the Church of Scotland.
What assessment the Church of England has made of the potential impact of church leaders on community relations.
What assessment the Church of England has made of the potential impact of church leaders on community relations.