Member for his warm words.
However, it takes some brass neck to represent a political party in this Chamber that in recent memory crashed the economy and left working people across the country paying the price.
The demand for charities soared as a direct result of the Conservatives’ policies, while the ability of charities to stand up and speak up for the people they represented was attacked and undermined at every turn by his Government.
I can confirm that we will not be following Conservative policies.
We will be proudly flying the flag for Labour policies, which put people and communities back at the heart of our country again.
Communities in my constituency have been devastated by the destruction of Shotley Park, a grade II listed building, in a recent fire.
I understand that an investigation is going on into the circumstances, but can the Minister say in more general terms what steps we can take to protect our listed buildings and the memories they represent for local people?
There is no specific duty on owners to keep their buildings in a good state of repair, but local authorities have powers under legislation to take action where a listed building may be at risk, through urgent works notices and repairs notices.
The Government also support local authorities by providing funding for  conservation projects, and they are consulting on reforms to make it easier for homeowners to protect their historic properties while preserving their unique character.
There is also the buildings at risk register, and I encourage my hon.
Friend to speak to her local authority to see what can be done to help,
As a committed if rather untalented member of the Lords and Commons tennis team, I am aware that the vagaries of British weather make participation difficult, particularly in autumn and winter.
Will the Secretary of State allow any of the £400 million for grassroots sport to be used to create more covered tennis facilities, so that participation can be encouraged and the future of British talent can be nourished?
As a former member of a Select Committee that the right hon.
Gentleman chaired, I am acutely aware that he is always right.
I have been pleased to work with the Lawn Tennis Association and others to consider what we can do to ensure that more of that funding is used for tennis facilities.
I have received representations from Members across the House about how restrictive that funding was.
We believe that communities know better which facilities they need, and I confirm that we have made changes to the funding allocation, so that it is easier for communities to access whatever they need, including tennis.
Grassroots boxing clubs do fantastic work with young people and provide a pipeline of future talent for our communities.
Crawley has provided such leading lights in the boxing world as Alan Minter.
Will the Secretary of State meet me and representatives of the sector to see what more can be done to support grassroots boxing?
I thank my hon.
Friend for championing grassroots boxing.
Our Government believe that too many sports, whether that is boxing or rugby league, have been overlooked by Government for far too long, and we are determined to bring them back into focus.
My hon.
Friend the Under-Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport (Stephanie Peacock) has been working with the all-party group on boxing, and would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend.
May I also say how thrilled I was that Natasha Jonas received an honour this year?
Boxing brings joy to millions of people, and it ought to be celebrated.
The town of Bodmin in my constituency is fast becoming the museum capital of Cornwall.
It has the excellent Discovering42 science museum, Bodmin Town museum, and the Army museum at Bodmin Keep, which is battling for survival and crowdfunding to stay open.