We want all girls to grow up not just with dreams of being able to match those ambitions, but with a real plan.
Access to sport is vital for not only our public health, but fostering a sense of community and reducing antisocial behaviour.
Yet in St Austell, many  of the astroturf facilities, such as the great one at Penrice school, cannot be used after dark because they lack floodlights.
Will the Minister look at how small-scale investments of this kind in vital community facilities could help unlock all-year-round access to physical activity for people of all ages?
I thank my hon.
Friend for being an outstanding champion for sport in his community.
I would encourage Penrice school and others who have similar challenges to approach the Football Foundation, through which we fund floodlights and other small-scale investments.
Previous funding allocations have been far too prescriptive.
We believe communities know best what they need and through the Football Foundation, we are determined to deliver it.
I call the Chair of the Culture, Media and Sport Committee.
Earlier this week, the Committee heard from Henry Hughes and Nathan Young, two brilliant swimmers who are travelling to Tokyo next month to represent Britain as part of the Deaflympics.
The competition has been running for over 100 years—longer than the Paralympics, in fact—but deaf athletes are the only disabled elite sports group who have no access to either Government or UK Sport funding.
Will the Secretary of State join me in wishing all our deaf Olympians the very best of luck in Tokyo next month?
Will she also agree to meet them on their return with UK Deaf Sport to discuss how this terrible situation can be improved and how they can be supported much better in the future?
I thank the hon.
Member, as always, for raising an issue that has been raised with both me and the Minister for Sport.
We are working with UK Sport to try to resolve it.
Of course we will be cheering our athletes on in Tokyo—I am really looking forward to that—but we know that those opportunities are not available to all.
I would be happy to meet the hon.
Member to discuss this further.
I call the shadow Minister.
This has been an incredible year for women’s sport, with both the Lionesses and the Red Roses inspiring a generation with their fantastic performances and historic successes on the pitch.
The previous Conservative Government worked in partnership alongside the national lottery, Sport England and various national bodies to help to support these incredible athletes with investment in grassroots facilities, including the £30 million Lionesses fund, which directly increased opportunities for women’s and girls’ sports.
Beyond the sentiments that the Secretary of State has already expressed today, will she confirm whether her Government will support a new Lionesses and Red Roses fund specifically for women’s sports?
Will she also confirm that fairness and safety will remain the key pillars of guidance for female sports?
It was a real pleasure, with the Prime Minister, to meet the Lionesses before they went off and then on to victory in the Euros.
We have been working closely with rugby football and other areas of women’s  sport to advance this issue.
The £400 million investment that I referenced in answer to my hon.
Friend  the Member for St Austell and Newquay (Noah Law)  will double the number of places across the board, which will mean a significant increase in the number of women and girls able to access sports.
My hon.
Friend the Minister for Sport was pleased to launch the women’s sport taskforce, which will really grip this issue.
I am happy to work cross-party on that; it is something that the whole House should be able to get behind and support.