The new commissioner will leave no stone unturned to investigate the unacceptable waste and fraud during the pandemic and to make sure that we learn lessons for the future.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Earlier this week, I introduced a ten-minute rule Bill to bring in proportional representation for Westminster elections and English local elections.
I was delighted that it passed a Division of the House.
It was supported by Labour Members, as it reflected Labour party policy on this matter.
Now that it is the express will of the House that my Bill gets a Second Reading, will the Secretary of State commit to giving the Bill Government time so that it can be fully debated?
I hate to do this as we are approaching the festive season, but I am afraid that I will have to disappoint the hon.
Lady.
We have no plans to change the electoral system, and I cannot give her the Government time that she requires.
We owe a great debt of gratitude to our exceptional public servants who have given their lives to serve our nation.
Can the Minister update the House on what progress has been made in establishing the Elizabeth Emblem to commemorate former firefighters, police officers and other public servants who have died in public service?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question.
We must never forget those who have given their lives to  protect others in the line of duty.
Last month, the Government announced the first recipients of the Elizabeth Emblem.
The next of kin of more than 30 former firefighters, police officers and other public servants who have died in public service received the award in recognition of their deceased loved ones.
Although families will never be able to replace their loved ones, the Elizabeth Emblem pays tribute to the sacrifice they made, and I know that the whole House will support this award.
The families of DS Ross Hunt and PC George Taylor, who were murdered in the line of duty in 1976 and 1983, were recently awarded the Elizabeth Emblem, following a campaign by myself and others.
But due to administrative errors, the police officers did not receive the George Cross.
Can a Cabinet Minister meet with me to discuss this issue so that their bravery is recognised as well as their death?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising this matter, and pay tribute to those involved.
If she writes to us, we will follow this up.
Due to our dire economic inheritance, it is vital that every penny of public money is spent wisely.
In my constituency of Harlow, £29 million was spent on Sir Frederick Gibberd College only for it to be deemed unsafe and to be pulled down.
What steps will the Government take to ensure that we spend money wisely, that we do not spend unnecessary money on unnecessary consultants, and that we get the best for the people of Harlow?
Under the Conservative Government, too much taxpayers’ money was wasted on eye-watering consultancy contracts.
We are taking steps to stop all non-essential Government consultancy spending this year and halve Government spending on consultancy in future years. [
Interruption.]
It might be hard for Conservative Members to hear about their record, but it is harder for us to live with it.
Last week, the Government released their latest departmental lobbying transparency data.
The data was two months late and relates to the last months of the previous Government, namely April to June 2024.
The public will learn who the new Government met during their first weeks in power only at the end of December, a full six months after the election, and that is only if the data is released on time.