Today, a hugely significant report from Amnesty International finds that Israel has perpetrated three acts against Palestinians in Gaza that are prohibited under the genocide convention.
The Government have repeatedly said that it is for judicial bodies to determine whether genocide is taking place, but that utterly fails to take account of the obligation to prevent under the convention.
If the Government have a duty to prevent, they cannot wait until a court has made a determination before taking action to—again, I emphasise—prevent.
In the light of Amnesty’s report, would the Government be prepared to make time to debate this matter, which goes to the heart of UK compliance with international law?
The hon.
Lady raises an important issue, and I think the whole House will join in saying that we want an immediate ceasefire.
Far too many civilians have died in this conflict, and it is time it came to an urgent end.
What we need is a long-term path to a two-state solution with a fully recognised state of Palestine alongside a safe and secure Israel, and that is what this Government will continue to work towards.
I will ensure that there is time to consider some of the issues she has raised.
I am frequently contacted by constituents of mine in Haltwhistle who are outraged by the empty buildings that pockmark the town.
Will the Leader of the House commit to a debate in Government time on how we can re-energise towns such as Haltwhistle so that they can fuel the growth that this country desperately needs?
My hon.
Friend raises an important matter.
Breathing new life into our high streets is a priority of this Government.
We have a range of measures around business rates, devolution of powers and support for local communities that are coming, and I will ensure that the House is always updated.
Dunoon Mugs, based in Stone, is celebrating 50 years producing some of the world’s greatest ceramics.
Can we have a debate not just to celebrate the amazing work of our potters in Staffordshire but on how we secure their future ?
The right hon.
Gentleman raises the future of ceramics, which is so important to his constituency and the surrounding region.
It is one of our important, long-standing industries.
I am sure that if he were to apply for a debate—as long as he adds his name and then turns up for it—he might get one of the slots that are going.
Today,  5 December , is International Volunteer Day.
In the interests of time, I will not list all the voluntary organisations, volunteer groups and roles in my constituency, but the contribution they make is vital.
May we have a debate in Government time to celebrate the contribution that volunteers make to our local communities?