Will the Minister confirm that this Government will use the power of Government spending to contract directly with small businesses to support local companies and economies across the country, in stark contrast to the Conservative party’s enrichment of their mates?
As I have said, we will work hard to ensure that public contracts are supporting small businesses.
I have spent a lot of time talking to them about how we  can do that through the new public procurement policy and the measures in the policy statement.
This week the Chancellor announced the appointment of a new covid corruption commissioner, who will be taking action to recover public money.
The residents of Falkirk want a Government who work day in, day out to deliver value for money for the taxpayer.
Never has that been so true as now, given the broken public finances left by the Tories and 17 years of waste and inaction from the Scottish National party up the road.
Does the Minister agree that the billions we spend on public procurement must deliver value for the taxpayer, and can she tell me what steps the Government are taking to ensure that that is the case?
When our public services are facing so much strain and desperately need rebuilding, it is critical that we cut waste and deliver value for money.
Under the last Government the procurement system too often failed to drive that efficiency, as was shown by the shocking levels of fraud and waste during the pandemic.
We will bring new transparency to public sector procurement, along with a relentless focus on fraud.
Gross spending on public procurement was £400 billion last year.
What is the Government’s precise target for delivering greater savings from that budget?
That £400 billion is an enormous amount of money, and we need to ensure that it is going into growth, delivering for our communities and SMEs, and delivering on our missions.
We are determined to act on procurement and reduce inefficiency, and we will provide further information about that in February.
We cannot take lessons from the Conservative party about cutting waste inefficiencies, given that they oversaw gross mismanagement—Lord Agnew himself referred to “schoolboy errors”—in the delivery of procurement for this country.
The focus on public procurement will be welcomed by SMEs in the cyber-security sector in my constituency.
CyNam has thousands of members, and when I talk to its SMEs they tell me that there is a real risk of our losing talent in the start-ups community to cities abroad such as Lisbon and Toronto.
Can the Minister confirm that the steps being taken by the Government are good news for SMEs and Cynam?
As I have said, I firmly believe that we need to support SMEs, and I should be more than happy to speak to those in the hon.
Member’s constituency and discuss the opportunities that are available.
There is so much innovation and talent in this country.
We need to ensure that public sector money is supporting our growth mission, and supporting good businesses in communities such as those in his constituency.
I thank the Minister for her answers.
I have a very simple question: what steps have been taken to ensure that we have better procurement measures domestically in the United Kingdom and the devolved nations, particularly Northern Ireland, as opposed to relying on international partners to provide or deliver goods?
Through our procurement regime, we are determined to support small businesses, which are often locally rooted.
We will continue to do that, while taking account of our trade obligations.
I call the shadow Minister.
I am delighted to meet the Minister across the Dispatch Box.
I have also been meeting many SMEs in the aftermath of the Budget.