In July, I announced that I would lead a review of resilience, and work has been progressing across Government.
We have engaged at all levels with the public, private and voluntary sectors, and this work is overseen by the dedicated resilience sub-committee of the National Security Council, which I chair.
It is also closely linked to our consideration of the covid inquiry module 1 report, to which the Government will respond next month—within the six-month timeframe set out by the chair of the inquiry.
The module 1 report recommended resilience and preparedness, and particularly
“Bringing in external expertise from outside government and the Civil Service to…guard against ‘groupthink’”.
How is the Minister planning to bring in that external expertise?
Would he consider issuing a brochure to British citizens on preparation for crises, as the Swedish Government have just done?
The hon.
Member raises an important point.
The Parliamentary Secretary, Cabinet Office, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Erith and Thamesmead (Ms Oppong-Asare) , has done a great deal of work on consulting people outside Government—external experts across business, the voluntary sector, local government and so on.
It is really important that, as part of this, we hear voices not just from Whitehall but from beyond, too.
The module 1 report of the UK covid-19 inquiry has found that the impact was most acutely felt by the most vulnerable—the elderly, those with pre-existing health conditions, people living in overcrowded housing, and those on low incomes.
As the Government undertake their review, can the Minister assure the House that they will work to deliver resilience for everyone, not just some of us?
This is such an important point.
If resilience is to mean anything, it has to be for us all, not just for some.
My hon.
Friend is right to say that one of the lessons of past tragedies, whether it is covid-19, Grenfell Tower or others, is that it is often the most vulnerable in our society who are hardest hit.
That is  why it is so important that we learn the lessons of the past and have support for the most vulnerable at the heart of our work.
The Parliamentary Secretary, Cabinet Office, my hon.
Friend the Member for Erith and Thamesmead, recently met senior representatives from a range of organisations that support people who are disproportionately impacted by emergencies and crises to make sure that resilience is, indeed, for all, and not just for some.
What recent progress his Department has made on strengthening cyber-security.
As I set out in my speech to the NATO cyber-defence conference last week, we are working to strengthen the UK’s cyber-resilience, but there is, of course, still more to do.
In the King’s Speech, we announced that the Government will bring forward a cyber-security and resilience Bill, which will help to strengthen the UK’s cyber-defences and our work with industry to help to make the UK a safe place to live and work online.
I stress to the House that this is an ongoing effort.
It can never be perfect, but we are constantly working to make sure we have the strongest cyber-defences possible.
The college in Ebbw Vale has a brilliant cyber security course training young people for jobs in this growing sector.
However, the national cyber-security chief says there is a “widening gap” between the UK’s defences and the threats posed by hostile nations, so can the Minister confirm what is being done to scale up the workforce to defend our crucial infrastructure?
I congratulate the college in Ebbw Vale on its brilliant cyber-security course.
My hon.
Friend is right to point out the threat, which is why I spoke at the NATO cyber-defence conference last week.
State and non-state actors are constantly probing our defences.