As has been mentioned, this Saturday is Small Business Saturday, when we celebrate the heart of all our high streets.
In these sessions, I like to hear about many of our constituents’ great cafés, and in particular their bars, especially when an invitation for me to visit follows.
I also put on record my thanks to you, Mr Speaker, for the way proceedings were handled last Friday, and to all of those who took part in the debate on assisted dying, or were in the Chamber for it.
That debate was respectful, considered and thoughtful.
Whatever view we each took, it was a moment when huge attention was on us, and I thought our democracy and our Parliament showed itself at its best.
Members will see that there are lots of important issues and much important business in the run-up to Christmas.
Two thirds of the Bills that we announced in our King’s Speech are now making their way through Parliament.
The rail franchising Bill has received Royal Assent; the Renters’ Rights Bill has completed Committee; and our important Budget measures will soon be passed.
We are fixing the foundations and getting on with the job.
As has been noted, copies of the “Plan for Change” will be available in the Vote Office shortly, ahead of the statement later today.
It is another week, and another misjudged and confused contribution from the shadow Leader of the House.
He really does need to work out what the Conservative strategy for opposition is.
Is it to tell people across the country that they never had it so good as when the Conservatives were in office, or to learn from defeat and accept that they got things wrong?
I gently advise them to listen to the voters, because acting as if they did nothing wrong and accepting no responsibility will not  do them any good at all.
If the right hon.
Gentleman does not want to take my advice, perhaps he should listen to his own, because he said that the Conservatives suffered from
“many disastrous recent failures of policy and leadership”,
and I agree.
He said we inherited a “struggling” economy and “anaemic” growth; I agree with that, too.
I also agreed with him when he was a champion of net zero, and when he was Financial Secretary to the Treasury, he was right to care about economic stability.
I agreed with him; does he still agree with him?
I am not quite sure.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about scrutiny of legislation and debate, but I gently remind him that we have had many debates on the Finance Bill, on the Budget, and the on the national insurance contributions Bill, which is coming back to the House next week and before Christmas.
I must remind him yet again, I am afraid, that he was Financial Secretary to the Treasury when the national insurance contributions were raised not just on business but on workers; he said that was a thoroughly “Conservative thing to do.”
He was also a Treasury Minister when the minimum wage was raised.
He has had plenty of time to come to this House and explain why he thought that was okay then but not okay now.
The right hon.
Gentleman raised the topic of the economy, but he failed to mention one of the big economic forecasts out this week, from the OECD, which shows that the UK is now forecast to be the fastest growing European economy in the G7 over the next three years.
He did not mention that when he was talking about the economy.
We have always been clear that growth only matters when ordinary people right around the country feel better off and see public services improve; that is the difference between our economic plans and his.
We have a plan for change; the Conservatives have yet to change—they are yet to learn their own lessons.