First, I join the hon.
Gentleman in advertising all the debates that happen in Westminster Hall, and I encourage colleagues to attend them more often.
The hon.
Gentleman raises the important matter of those fleeing persecution, especially women fleeing the situation in Afghanistan.
This Government have always taken a positive view of these issues, as did the previous Government.
I will ensure that he gets a full reply on that matter.
This week, Gordon Brown and the US ambassador to the UK jointly launched a new £6 million investment by Comic Relief and Amazon UK in the Multibank project, which is a fantastic initiative that donates surplus stock from companies to families in real need—everything from basics like baby clothes and bedding to household products.
Will the Leader of the House join me in congratulating John Shaw of Littleborough, who was named Rochdale man of the year recently, for his charitable work for organisations such as Multibank?
I join my hon.
Friend in congratulating John Shaw, Rochdale’s man of the year—perhaps an award that my hon.
Friend might one day be lucky enough to receive—for all his work with Multibank, which does great charitable work.
Despite the valiant effort of Superintendent Simon Hutchison of Romford police, who does a superb job looking after my constituency, in the London borough of Havering we do not get the police cover that we pay for.
The Mayor of London is not being fair to Romford.
Will the Leader of the House ensure that we have a debate about police reform in the Greater London area, so that places such as Romford get police on the streets, looking after the community?
We will soon have a debate about police reform, when we bring forward the crime and policing Bill next year.
This Government are putting 13,000 extra police officers on the beat, bringing in respect orders and taking tough action—more police and more powers —so that police in his constituency can get on with the job that they need to do.
I have been supporting constituents in North East Derbyshire who face many issues with their new build homes.
The construction quality can be poor, communication with the developers unsatisfactory, and key landscaping left unfinished.
Will the Leader of the House grant a debate on the responsibility of developers?
First, I congratulate my hon.
Friend on her recent engagement to another Member of this House, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Loughborough (Dr Sandher) .
We have a new power couple emerging on the Back Benches.
She raises some serious points.
The Government are looking at giving the New Homes Ombudsman Service the powers it needs to investigate and resolve complaints.
I will ensure that the House is informed of that as it progresses.
The right hon.
Lady will be aware from her constituency of the economic value that HOME has brought as a venue for theatre and the arts.
In Salisbury, we have a new executive director of Salisbury Playhouse.
Will she ensure that, when thinking about regeneration, Ministers from the Department for Culture, Media and Sport and the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government come together to centre investment in our high streets on the therapeutic value of arts and culture?
That has had such an impact in many other places, and it now must happen in Salisbury.
I absolutely agree that the cultural and leisure offer is vital to regeneration and to bringing together our town centres and communities like his in Salisbury.
Those Departments are already coming together, and that will continue when we consider how to create great places such as Salisbury.
At the Excel parking on Copeland Street in Derby, some residents are getting parking fines if they do not pay for their parking within five minutes.
I am pleased that the Government will drive up standards in the private parking sector and are on the side of motorists.