I wholeheartedly agree with the hon.
Member’s representation of the House last Friday and how we really did show ourselves at our very best.
I welcome the opportunity to work with her on the Modernisation Committee.
One thing we are looking at is how to ensure that Back Benchers can come together more often in the interests of what our constituents want us to be talking about and in the public interest.
The hon.
Member asked about the Bill that will come before us early next year.
I am not quite sure of its status, but I reassure her that the Government are absolutely committed to being a clean energy superpower by 2030.
Many in the Conservative party now want to change the targets, but we are committed to them and to the benefits they will bring, not just to tackling climate change, but to creating the jobs of the future and making sure that we have lower bills and energy security for the long run.
In a cross-party spirit, I will say at this juncture that I saw that the leader of the Liberal Democrats’ Christmas song—I am sure everyone will want to download it—is riding high in the charts this week.
I hope that it will not be the same as his paddle boarding, which gets off to a great start and then falls flat on its face.
rose—
Order.
Can I say to the House that hopefully, with quick questions and short answers, we can get through?
I want to make sure that we time the statement, which is important to the House, with the Prime Minister.
I am aiming for about 10 past or quarter past 11.
Let us have a good example from Jayne Kirkham.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Last month, it was announced that several Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government offices will be closing, including the one in Truro in my constituency.
The next nearest office is about an hour and a half’s commute away, making relocation difficult.
Will the Leader of the House facilitate a meeting between me and the appropriate Minister to discuss the future for Truro MHCLG workers?
I am really sorry to hear that.
I understand that there will be no redundancies, but this is obviously a difficult time for the staff.
I will ensure that my hon.
Friend gets a meeting with the Minister to discuss it.
I call the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee.
In addition to the business announced by the Leader of the House, next Thursday in Westminster Hall there will be debates on Disability History Month and the opportunities for floating offshore wind power in the Celtic sea.
On  Tuesday 17 December , with your permission, Mr Speaker, there will be a debate on the impact of Old Oak Common on rail services to the west and to Wales.
There are opportunities for the two remaining debates in Westminster Hall on  Thursday 19 December .
I remind colleagues that the Committee is closely monitoring those people who sign applications and say they will speak in debates but then fail to turn up.
Yesterday, I met representatives of the Afghan community.
This is another of those areas that has been neglected following the general election, with people in Afghanistan in fear of their lives because of the Taliban.
Equally, the oppression of women in Afghanistan is outrageous and needs to be called out.
There also seems to be a change of policy at the Home Office in respect of issuing visas to people fleeing Afghanistan.
Can we have a statement on the Floor of the House on what policy the Government are following to help and assist these vulnerable people at a time of terrible trouble?
First, I join the hon.
Gentleman in advertising all the debates that happen in Westminster Hall, and I encourage colleagues to attend them more often.
The hon.