My hon.
Friend is right to point out the threat, which is why I spoke at the NATO cyber-defence conference last week.
State and non-state actors are constantly probing our defences.
It is a constant effort to keep those defences strong, and we are determined to work not only with education but with business and our critical national infrastructure to make sure we are as well protected as we can be against the threats we face.
Security is no longer just about hard military power; it is also about cyber-security, which is why that has to be a real priority for the Government.
What job vacancies in the Prime Minister's Office are being advertised.
There are currently four vacancies in the Prime Minister’s office that are being advertised.
These roles are all advertised across the civil service or externally.
The House will also have seen that the Prime Minister announced the appointment of Sir Chris Wormald as the new Cabinet Secretary earlier this week.
I am sure the whole House will join me in congratulating him on his appointment.
I personally would be delighted to welcome the new Cabinet Secretary to his role.
I thank the Minister for her answer, but in her list I did not hear her say whether the Cabinet Office is hiring a new Prime Minister’s envoy to the nations and regions, to carry out the vital work that was about to be done by Sue Gray when she decided not to take the job.
Is the Cabinet Office hiring another person to undertake that role?
The hon.
Gentleman seems to have a curious interest in jobs at No.
10.
If he is considering a career change, I would be very happy to have a private word with him.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to reform public services.
As a former council leader, I have seen at first hand the crisis in public services, with people falling between the cracks of systems that are under extreme strain.
To reform that, we need to get out of Whitehall and support workers across the public sector to do things differently.
From intervening early to support families, a White Paper overhauling employment support and an ambitious programme of reforms of the NHS, this Government are determined to reform public services to deliver for citizens.
Under the Conservative party, too much taxpayers’ money was wasted on projects and schemes that simply did not work.
Does the Minister agree with me that in order to improve healthcare services, including mental health services, educational opportunities and social services, as well as transport provision and public safety in my constituency of Wolverhampton West, it is vital that the Government continue their tests and refine their policies to ensure they are effective, and continue to be effective?
I wholeheartedly agree with that.
I heard too often from those on the frontline that they are fed up with policy being made in a closed room in Whitehall, and not with those who have real experience of the frontline.
The Budget announced the introduction of a public sector reform and innovation fund to support us to test and learn with places around the UK.
We are learning from the best evidence across the public sector.
On Monday, I met representatives from all the What Work centres across Government, to understand the evidence of what works and how we can scale that to deliver for communities around the country.
We all remember that the Secretary of State for Health and Social Centre undertook that there would be no additional money going into the NHS without securing reform.
That, like so many other broken promises, was dropped, and £22 billion or £25 billion—whatever it is—of funding was announced.
Then afterwards he repeated the pledge that there would be no extra money without reform.
Well, the cat is out of the bag.