We provide assistance, both directly and through a partnership with Prisoners Abroad—a highly valued charity with which many Members will be familiar.
It works to ensure not only that British nationals overseas are visited by the Foreign Office, but that they have access to essentials such as food and medication.
Prisoners Abroad also supports the families of those detained abroad, a vital service that we will continue to support.
We have long-running partnerships with non-governmental organisations such as Reprieve and the Death Penalty Project, which provide expertise in complex cases.
I know that right hon.
and hon.
Members are familiar with the Foreign Office arrangements, so I will not dwell on them too much, but let me be clear about what a Labour Government will do differently and why.
We will introduce a special envoy for complex consular cases, in part because we have heard from families, including those in the Public Gallery, about their experience of seeking Foreign Office support.
We will introduce that envoy so that there is, as many Members have requested, a part of the Foreign Office with a particular focus on complex consular cases.
We will also introduce a new right to consular assistance.
I hope to return to the House shortly to set out more details on both provisions.
The right hon.
Member for Maldon (Sir John Whittingdale)  rightly highlighted that we should be uneasy about the increasing global trend of trying to use British and other foreign nationals as diplomatic leverage.
It is important to repeat that we will never accept British nationals being used as pawns or diplomatic leverage.
We take a strong position on that, and will continue to do so.
We will not haggle for British nationals, but will ensure that they have their proper rights, in accordance with the Vienna convention, and will do everything we can to support their family.
I turn briefly to some of the cases that have been raised.
I reiterate that I will not mention every case.
There are many names that are burned into my mind, as Members would expect, and cases that we work on regularly that I will not mention now, but I will address those on which I have been particularly pressed for answers.
I begin with the cases of Mr Cornelius and Mr Ridley.
The family are above me in the Gallery.
We will continue to provide support to them, but I reassure the House that I have now raised with the ruler of Dubai the request for clemency, and outlined the British Government’s support for Mr Cornelius’ pardon application.
The previous Foreign Secretary did so, as was alluded to by the shadow Minister; I thought it was important to provide clarification on that.
I recognise that there has been unwelcome news in this case; I will not go into further detail about that in this place, but we will continue to work on the case.
I met Mr Cornelius’s family recently, and I reassure the House that I have committed to continuing to meet them for as long as the two cases remain ongoing.
Mr Lai’s case, which was also raised, remains a priority for the British Government.
We are closely monitoring his trial, and I can reassure the House that diplomats from our consulate general will continue to attend his court proceedings.
As this House is aware, the Prime  Minister raised the matter of Mr Lai with President Xi at the G20 summit, and the Foreign Secretary has raised it with his equivalent.
The Minister for the Indo-Pacific has also raised this case with both the Chinese and Hong Kong authorities.
We continue to call on the Hong Kong authorities to end their politically motivated prosecution and immediately release Mr Lai.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friends the Members for Wolverhampton West (Warinder Juss), and for West Dunbartonshire (Douglas McAllister), for raising the case of Mr Johal.