It is essential that people begin to receive the compensation that is so long overdue.
Why did the Government make last-minute changes to the accepted documents for interim compensation claims required from the estates of people who died after receiving contaminated blood and blood products?
Will the right hon.
Gentleman tell me what action is being taken to tackle the unacceptable delays?
Order.
I say gently to the hon.
Lady that we are now on topicals, which are meant to be short and punchy.
Today, we seem to have a bit of time, but please try to help each other.
Let me assure the hon.
Lady that my right hon.
Friend the Paymaster General, who leads on this, is fully aware of the issues she has raised.
He is working with the groups affected and is determined to ensure that initial payments are out by the end of the year.
This  Government have rightly made tackling child poverty a top priority.
Of course, this is not a children problem but a society problem, so I welcome the cross-Departmental approach that has been taken.
Last week, the “Get Britain Working” White Paper was published.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that helping people, particularly parents, into decent, well-paid jobs is a key part of that agenda?
It is shameful that child poverty increased by 700,000 under the last Government.
Tackling child poverty is at the heart of this Government’s mission.
The child poverty taskforce, which I sit on, will publish its strategy in the spring.
Increasing the number of parents who are working, and their earnings and hours, plays a crucial role and that is why our plans to get Britain working and the Employment Rights Bill are important in tackling the scourge of child poverty.
I call the shadow Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster.
Was the Cabinet Office’s propriety and ethics team informed by Downing Street of the former Transport Secretary’s conviction before she was appointed as a Minister of the Crown?
The former Transport Secretary had exchanges with the Prime Minister last week, which have resulted in her resigning from the post.
She set out her reasons for her resignation in that letter.
We now have a new Transport Secretary, who has already made an excellent start in the job.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for restating what is already known.
Obviously, it is a matter of public interest whether the propriety and ethics team had been informed before the right hon.
Lady was made Transport Secretary.
I ask him again: will he confirm whether the PET was informed by Downing Street of the former Transport Secretary’s conviction before she was appointed a Minister of the Crown?
All Cabinet Ministers have an interview and make declarations to the propriety and ethics team before they are appointed to the Government.
I am aware of what I told the propriety and ethics team before my appointment, but I do not look through the declarations from every other Minister.
The previous Conservative Government exposed themselves to unprecedented levels of corruption and cronyism when delivering contracts during the pandemic.
Recent analysis has shown that £1 in every £3 spent went on high-risk contracts, worth more than £15 billion.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure that they are always making procurement decisions that are in the public interest, avoiding unmanaged and unmitigated conflicts?
What will they do to ensure that taxpayers’ money is always spent wisely?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise that point.
Earlier this week, the Chancellor announced the appointment of Tom Hayhoe as the covid counter-fraud commissioner.
The new commissioner will leave no stone unturned to investigate the unacceptable waste and fraud during the pandemic and to make sure that we learn lessons for the future.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Earlier this week, I introduced a ten-minute rule Bill to bring in proportional representation for Westminster elections and English local elections.