The Government are working flat-out to protect British Steel, because it is vital to our future economy and our security.
We have made some statements to the House about progress, but I will ensure that this House is the first place to hear about any developments.
Community pharmacies are becoming an increasingly important part of our place-based healthcare provision, so I am  pleased that our Government are committing to more localised delivery.
None the less, numerous pharmacies in the St Austell and Newquay constituency have closed in recent years, thanks to a shocking contract under the last Government.
What discussions has the Leader of the House had with Department of Health and Social Care colleagues regarding pharmacies to ensure that they are properly remunerated for the services they provide and that the sustainability of the operating model is secure?
Community pharmacies play a vital role in ensuring that healthcare is delivered and is based in our communities.
I will ensure that the Department of Health and Social Care has heard my hon.
Friend’s question today.
It would make a good Backbench Business or Westminster Hall debate, as I know there is a vacancy for them.
Will the Leader of the House provide time for a debate about free trade and how best to approach the incoming American Administration to secure a free trade agreement?
Will she remind her right hon.
and learned Friend the Prime Minister that we already have a free trade agreement with the European Union, but we do not with the United States, which is our single biggest national trading partner?
Such an agreement would be greatly to our advantage, rather than aligning with the EU, which might see the United Kingdom subjected to the American tariffs applied to the EU.
That would be very much to our disadvantage.
As the Prime Minister made clear the other evening in his speech at the Guildhall, we do not see this as an either/or.
Both are crucial partners, and we will pursue the best free trade agreements we can get with the United States and with others, just as we have one already with the EU.
These things are a delicate balance, and I am afraid that too many of the trade deals signed by the previous Government signed away many of our farmers in this country.
Perhaps that is something the Conservatives should consider.
Will the Leader of the House join me in congratulating all the winners of the Saltires, Scotland’s national book awards, particularly Jen Stout for her courageous and compassionate dispatches from the frontline in Ukraine?
On a lighter note, I congratulate all the Gaelic singers and musicians who triumphed at the Trads in Inverness at the weekend.
Will she find Government time for a debate on the Scottish arts, so as to encourage Creative Scotland and the Scottish Government to carry on funding events such as the Eilean Dorcha festival and HebCelt and the dynamic galleries of An Lanntair and Taigh Chearsabhagh in my constituency?
I join my hon.
Friend in congratulating Jen Stout and the other winners of the awards he mentions.
As others have done, he raises the importance of culture to local communities.
He will know this is a devolved matter, and that the Scottish Government, thanks to this Government’s Budget, now have the funds and the powers they need to continue supporting art organisations like his.
Today, a hugely significant report from Amnesty International finds that Israel has perpetrated three acts against Palestinians in Gaza that are prohibited under the genocide convention.
The Government have repeatedly said that it is for judicial bodies to determine whether genocide is taking place, but that utterly fails to take account of the obligation to prevent under the convention.
If the Government have a duty to prevent, they cannot wait until a court has made a determination before taking action to—again, I emphasise—prevent.