The Government will not reveal who is on them, what they discuss or when they meet.
They are starting to sound like figments of the Government’s imagination—a litter of Schrödinger’s cats.
Will the right hon.
Gentleman at least commit to regular published updates on what each of the boards is doing, who sits on them, what decisions they make, what work they are undertaking and what achievements they have achieved?
The hon.
Gentleman is going to get a published update in a couple of hours, when he will receive a very full account of what the boards have been doing, how they have been prioritising their work and what the next steps are.
He is a former Cabinet Office Minister, so he will know that one of the wonderful things about the Cabinet Office is that it does a great deal of work under the bonnet—sometimes not in the full gaze of publicity—and that that is the privilege of all of us who have served in the Cabinet Office.
That is true of this work.
However, we are publishing a very important update later this morning.
What steps his Department is taking to help reduce trade barriers with the EU.
The Prime Minister and the President of the European Commission met on  2 October  in Brussels and agreed to strengthen the relationship between the UK and the EU.
Maroš Šefčovič, on behalf of the European Union, and I, on behalf of the UK Government, will now take forward that important work.
We are committed to reducing barriers to trade, including negotiating a sanitary and phytosanitary agreement to reduce checks on food and put food on people’s tables more cheaply.
We are very proud that UK agriculture has some of the highest animal welfare standards in the world.
It is for this reason that the production of foie gras was banned in 2007, as it is considered to be too cruel.
While we are desperate to reduce trade barriers with the EU, are there any steps to ban products like foie gras to ensure that all animal products sold in the UK are produced to at least the same animal welfare standards as those in the UK?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to raise the issue of very high standards of animal welfare in food production.
This Government will prioritise that in trade policy, unlike the Conservatives who, when they were in government, negotiated free trade agreements that consistently undermined agriculture in the UK.
We all support efforts to remove unnecessary trade barriers, but we must also be clear with our European partners on what we cannot accept.
What is the Paymaster General prepared to say is off the table: dynamic alignment, British fishing rights, or maybe asylum burden-sharing?
The Labour party manifesto set out our red lines in this negotiation.
We will not go back to the battles of the past.
We will not return to the single market.
We will not return to the customs union.
We will not return to freedom of movement.
What we will do is negotiate with the European Union to make the British people safer and more secure, so we have closer law enforcement co-operation.
We will negotiate to reduce trade barriers to make the British people more prosperous.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The Liberal Democrats are glad that the Government have committed to resetting our relationship with the EU, and that the Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary are actively engaging to rebuild trust and our relationships with our European neighbours through meetings with the European Commission and the Foreign Affairs Council.
Establishing a UK-EU youth mobility scheme would mirror existing capped arrangements that the UK already has with 13 countries, including Australia, New Zealand and Canada.
Delivering such a scheme would provide a return on investment in the form of soft power that was never seemingly factored into the approach of the previous Conservative Government.