I call the shadow Minister.
I am delighted to meet the Minister across the Dispatch Box.
I have also been meeting many SMEs in the aftermath of the Budget.
The impact of the Government’s decision to raise national insurance on many indirect providers of public services, such as GPs and hospices, appears not to have been fully factored into the Government’s workings at the time of the Budget.
Now that the Government have had over a month to do the figures, what will be the impact of the national insurance job tax on the cost of public procurement, to the nearest, say, £1 billion?
I welcome the hon.
Member to their place and look forward to meeting them across the Dispatch Box.
Unfortunately, the last Government left this country in a terrible place, with public services in crisis.
I was previously a council leader, and every single day I saw the absolute strain on our public services.
People were waiting up to 12 hours for ambulances, which sometimes did not turn up.
We have had to take action to invest in our public services in order to deliver growth.
Through our procurement regime, we are already taking action to support SMEs, to ensure that money is not lost and to ensure that suppliers are paid quickly.
I will set out more to the House in February—
Order.
We have to get through the list.
Give me a chance to get through it—we are only on question 6.
What recent discussions he has had with the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology on the potential merits of designating genomics databases as critical national infrastructure.
Genomics is a great British success story, and our genomics databases are vital for world-leading life sciences and health research.
The organisations that have such databases have to provide data protection and security training, and have to make sure that researchers can access data only for approved purposes.
The opportunities come with risks, which is why the Government will always try to minimise the risks of biological data to protect our bio-economy.
We are working on this issue across Government Departments and through our national security structures.
I take it that genomics databases will not be designated as critical national infrastructure, then, which was the question.
As the Government seek to reset the relationship with China, will Ministers be mindful of the old maxim that you need a long-handled spoon to sup with the devil, and of the fact that Chinese genomics companies such as BGI do not behave as normal commercial competitors?
Will the Secretary of State ensure that the interests of British genomics are not left vulnerable as a consequence of any reset relationship?
The right hon.
Member asks a very important question about the twin interests of national security and economic growth.
In this territory, we work with UK organisations that hold genomic data to make sure that they have robust data protection systems in place, and our security services give them advice on these matters on a regular basis, so that our pursuit of growth does not conflict with our very important national security objectives.
What steps he is taking to increase national resilience.
What recent progress his Department has made on strengthening national resilience.
The Government’s first responsibility is to keep the public safe, which is why national resilience is a top priority for us.
In July, I announced that I would lead a review of resilience, and work has been progressing across Government.
We have engaged at all levels with the public, private and voluntary sectors, and this work is overseen by the dedicated resilience sub-committee of the National Security Council, which I chair.
It is also closely linked to our consideration of the covid inquiry module 1 report, to which the Government will respond next month—within the six-month timeframe set out by the chair of the inquiry.