That, like so many other broken promises, was dropped, and £22 billion or £25 billion—whatever it is—of funding was announced.
Then afterwards he repeated the pledge that there would be no extra money without reform.
Well, the cat is out of the bag.
Will the Minister give the undertaking today, on behalf of the Government, that never again will we see vast increases in public expenditure without reform of public services, because we need an improvement in productivity, not just additional spending?
I am surprised to hear a Member on the Conservative Benches express concern about money that is desperately needed going into our NHS, when people are waiting for GP appointments and in ambulances.
Under the Conservative party, police officers would spend hours sitting with people with mental health concerns.
Is that productivity?
The Secretary of State has set out an incredibly ambitious reform agenda for the NHS, moving resources into prevention and taking account of the amazing opportunities in digital technology to give people more control over their own health.
Labour is the party that backs the NHS and fixes the mess left by the previous Government.
What recent progress his Department has made on reform of the House of Lords.
The Government have brought forward the House of Lords (Hereditary Peers) Bill as an immediate first step in reform.
That will remove the right of hereditary peers to sit and vote in the House of Lords.
The Bill passed this House unamended and will have its Second Reading in the other place next week.
In addition, I am proud to announce today that I have laid a written ministerial statement that will ensure that political parties nominating people for peerages in the other place will now have to publish, alongside the nomination, a 150 word summary as to why they are putting that person forward.
That is another reform that this Government are proud to announce as part of our wider agenda.
I welcome my right hon.
Friend’s response, particularly the fact that it will increase transparency for the other place.
Does he agree that we have a mandate for reform, and while respecting the individuals, we are absolutely determined as a Government to progress the abolition of the hereditary principle in lawmaking?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
It just should not be the case, in a modern legislature, that there are places reserved for people by accident of birth.
The Bill has now passed this House unamended.
As I have indicated, it will now go before the other place for Second Reading next week.
We want to get that Bill on to the statute book as soon as possible.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
As I said a few moments ago, last week I addressed the NATO cyber-defence conference about the increasingly aggressive and reckless behaviour from Russia, in particular in the cyber-realm, including attacks on NATO members.
I made it clear that no one will intimidate us into weakening our support for Ukraine.
I also announced the Laboratory for AI Security Research and a new incident unit to help our allies respond to cyber-attacks against them.
We promised to make a tangible difference to people’s lives.
I will shortly be setting out in this House our ambitious plan for change over the next few years, and copies of that plan will be made available to Members in advance of the statement.
During the recent debate on the infected blood compensation scheme, the Government made promising indications regarding boosting engagement with affected groups.
Victims and their families in Mid Sussex and across the country have been waiting for decades for answers.
It is essential that people begin to receive the compensation that is so long overdue.
Why did the Government make last-minute changes to the accepted documents for interim compensation claims required from the estates of people who died after receiving contaminated blood and blood products?
Will the right hon.