I start by paying tribute to the families who are in the Gallery and to those who are not.
As  the right hon.
Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith)  said, I have some personal experience in these matters, and I know just how painful it is to have a loved one detained overseas, often for long periods and with great uncertainty about next steps.
I have met many of those who are in the Public Gallery.
They are a tribute to their families, and I am endlessly in awe of the bravery, commitment and determination that they show.
As the right hon.
Gentleman mentioned, many of these cases have been going on for some time.
I will start by providing context on the general situation.
Several Members have made comments about trend lines; I will offer data on the Foreign Office’s response, as has been requested.
I will set out Labour’s position, and then I will turn briefly to some of the cases that have been raised.
However, as was said by the Liberal Democrat spokesperson,  the hon.
Member for Bicester and Woodstock (Calum Miller) , many families do not wish to have their case named in this House, and many of them are not represented in the Public Gallery.
That does not make them any less of a priority for me, the rest of the ministerial team, or the Foreign Office.
I join the shadow Minister— the right hon.
Member for Aldridge-Brownhills (Wendy Morton) —and many other right hon.
and hon.
Members in paying tribute to consular teams for their work.
The right hon.
Member for New Forest East (Sir Julian Lewis)  said that many Foreign Office staff are the best and brightest, and that is certainly true for consular teams, who I am very happy to represent as the consular Minister, and to visit everywhere I go.
The week before last, I was in Pakistan, where our staff deal with some of the most complex consular cases, as the House will know.
They work 24/7 to ensure that people have what is often their only contact with the outside world once they have been detained, as many Members have said.
I would not claim to be one of the best or brightest, but I am what the right hon.
Member for New Forest East would probably call a specialist unit, given that during my time in the Foreign Office, I dealt with many such cases.
Indeed, I worked with other nations, as many Members have encouraged the Government to do.
It is of course desirable to look at other countries’ systems.
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Islington South and Finsbury (Emily Thornberry)  mentioned the SPEHA system, with which I worked extensively.
I can assure her that I talk to my American counterparts, including the special envoy, who I will see this weekend.
Members seek consistency in our response to consular cases.
They will recognise that what governs our ability to provide consular assistance is the Vienna convention, which mandates that we cannot interfere in foreign legal systems; we can only ensure that proper consular assistance is offered.
Many Members have rightly highlighted the  difficulties in identifying whether British nationals have had proper recourse to due process and their full rights.
The Foreign Office remains focused on that question.
We are assisting 1,400 British nationals overseas.
Some of those cases are more straightforward; some are considerably more complex.
We provide assistance, both directly and through a partnership with Prisoners Abroad—a highly valued charity with which many Members will be familiar.
It works to ensure not only that British nationals overseas are visited by the Foreign Office, but that they have access to essentials such as food and medication.
Prisoners Abroad also supports the families of those detained abroad, a vital service that we will continue to support.