We continue to call on the Hong Kong authorities to end their politically motivated prosecution and immediately release Mr Lai.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friends the Members for Wolverhampton West (Warinder Juss), and for West Dunbartonshire (Douglas McAllister), for raising the case of Mr Johal.
We continue to press the Government of India for faster progress to resolve this matter.
I recognise the diligent efforts of his brother, who I understand is in the Gallery, and the deep and profound frustration about this case.
It must be resolved, and that resolution must include an investigation into Mr Johal’s allegations of torture.
I will return to this House later today to talk further about Mr el-Fattah’s case.
That case remains at the front of my mind and that of the Foreign Secretary.
He met the family, who I understand are behind me in the Gallery, last week.
The Prime Minister has raised the case with President Sisi; the Foreign Secretary and I have both raised it with the Egyptian Foreign Minister; and my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Development raised it just this week, again with the Egyptian Foreign Minister.
Mr el-Fattah’s case is tragic.
I am very mindful of the hunger strike of his mother, who I have met, and whose efforts have been mentioned by many hon.
Members.
We will continue to focus on Mr el-Fattah, and I look forward to returning to the House this afternoon to discuss his case further.
On Emily Damari, a hostage held by Hamas and a British national, she and all the other UK nationals and people with UK links held by Hamas are very much on our mind.
We continue to press for their immediate release, for humanitarian access to them, and for the medical assistance that we are sure they will require.
I met their families this week, and they will remain a steadfast focus.
I would also like to comment briefly on the case of Dr Ibadoghlu; we have indeed raised this case with the authorities, including recently at the end of October.
As the right hon.
Member for Chingford and Woodford Green suggested, these are not easy cases.
Many of them have been going on for some time, and the appointment of an envoy is important, but I reassure this House that I am the Minister responsible for consular affairs.
It is not for officials to own these cases; as the shadow Minister has made clear, that is for Ministers.
That is very much the view that I and the Foreign Secretary take.
I look forward to returning to the House to discuss some of these cases in more detail, and to tell Members about the measures that we will take.
I regret that in our few months in Government, we have not yet seen positive progress on all these cases, and I note that many Members have referred to the negative trend in some of these areas.
I reassure the House that we will continue to focus on this issue above all.
As was said by the Liberal Democrat spokesperson, the hon.
Member for Bicester and Woodstock, the first duty of Government is to look after their people.
There is no higher responsibility for me than serving British nationals, whatever corner of the world they are in.
I am delighted to be called to give my maiden speech, and I do so with a sense of trepidation and excitement,  which I imagine that many a new MP feels.
It has struck me that maiden speeches are a little like buses: you wait ages, and then 335 of them turn up at once.
I beg your indulgence, Madam Deputy Speaker, to listen to one more as we near the end of this journey.
As hon.