The Cabinet Office issued an explanatory document that does not set out what was meant to be set out, according to the Windsor framework.
Article 18 said that the process would be conducted “strictly in accordance with” the UK unilateral declaration of October 2019.
That declaration required a public consultation.
There has been no public consultation.
Why is that, and why is the matter proceeding in the absence of it?
I will of course look at the specific document that the hon.
and learned Gentleman refers to.
He also referred to the important consent vote taking place in the Northern Ireland Assembly next week.
This Government support the Windsor framework.
That is why, when we were in opposition, we voted with the then Government to support it.
We are committed to implementing it in good faith, and that is what this Government will do.
Public procurement is a vital lever for delivering our growth mission, and growth must be felt by people in every part of our country.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that when taxpayers’ money is spent on private contracts, the key workers delivering the contract and local communities such as mine in Darlington maximise the benefits of that public money?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question and for the time she spent with me last week setting out the opportunities of procurement and the needs of her community in Darlington.
We have heard from the whole House today how important it is to back small and medium- sized enterprises that have roots in communities, and we are determined that the new national policy procurement statement will do that.
I am delighted to give Christmas greetings to the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, and I am sure that most of us in the House feel a great deal of respect for him.
As the Prime Minister knew he was appointing a convicted fraudster to the Cabinet, was it not incumbent on him to tell the propriety and ethics team?
If I can slip a second question in, Mr Speaker, will the right hon.
Gentleman, who is committed to and leads in the Government on transparency and openness, all of which have been promised, undertake—notwithstanding the fact that he has not looked at these declarations—to find out and let the House know whether she declared it to the House?
As I said to  the hon.
Member for Brentwood and Ongar (Alex Burghart)  a few moments ago, all Secretaries of State give their declaration to the propriety and ethics team upon appointment.
The matter was concluded last Friday with the Transport Secretary’s resignation.
She has been replaced by a new Secretary of State, and she set out her reasons for resigning in her resignation letter.
If the right hon.
Member has not had a copy, I am quite happy to make it available to him.
I welcome the Government’s commitment to a duty of candour for public bodies.
In the light of the appalling crimes of John Smyth, who left over 100 children assaulted and traumatised while senior members of the Church of England looked the other way, what steps is the Minister considering in conjunction with the Church so that   bishops, dioceses, cathedrals and national church institutions are designated as public authorities for the purposes of the Freedom of Information Act 2000?
In relation to my hon.
Friend’s second point, it is right that the Church of England looks very carefully now at its procedures in the light of what has happened and been brought forward.
In relation to the duty of candour, I have no idea why the Opposition Front Benchers were laughing about that.
It is a hugely important reform that we are bringing forward, and it will make a significant difference across public service.
We will have public servants putting the public interest above their own personal reputations and above the reputation of institutions.