He did not mention that when he was talking about the economy.
We have always been clear that growth only matters when ordinary people right around the country feel better off and see public services improve; that is the difference between our economic plans and his.
We have a plan for change; the Conservatives have yet to change—they are yet to learn their own lessons.
We are laying out today how we will deliver our clear outcomes.
The right hon.
Gentleman might not like them, because the Conservatives failed on all their measures, which is why they lost the election.
While he and the rest of his party shout from the sidelines and try to rewrite history, we are delivering the real change that the public voted for.
My right hon.
Friend knows that on occasion, this House can come to agreement about key pieces of legislation.
In the last Parliament, one such piece of legislation was the Football Governance Bill.
Will she give an update on its progress in this Parliament and consider granting time for a debate on the sustainability of football?
I am really pleased and proud that this Government have brought back a strengthened Football Governance Bill; it is being considered in the House of Lords.
The Conservatives supported it when they were in government, but I have to say that the behaviour of Conservative peers in the House of Lords does not suggest that the Conservatives are still in favour of it, because they have tabled hundreds of amendments to slow down progress of that important Bill.
If they still care about putting fans back at the heart of our football, and making sure that we have a sustainable football industry in the future, perhaps they should tell their colleagues in the other place to pipe down.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Sadly, it is difficult to deny that there have been many times in recent years when debate in this House has not been of the highest quality, when Members have not shown the public their best side, and when, dare I say, some have perhaps lost a little of their sense of perspective, as could be seen in the way they conducted themselves.
But as the Leader of the House has said, the debate on the private Member’s Bill last Friday was entirely different.
It was measured, respectful and considered.
Members listened carefully, intervened with important and pertinent points, and showed British democracy at its best.
In short, it was something to be extremely proud of, regardless of whether we agreed with the outcome or not.
Party politics was largely kept out of that debate, as MPs were rightly given a free vote; a vote of conscience on a consequential topic.
Free votes should surely be granted when we are debating issues that transcend party political boundaries, and surely there can be no issue more important than ensuring that our planet is still able to support human life.
The Climate and Nature Bill is a crucial cross-party Bill promoted by my hon.
Friend  the Member for South Cotswolds (Dr Savage)  with support from 250 parliamentarians, including 88 Labour MPs, and sponsored by MPs from six of the parties that sit in the House.
Indeed, the Bill was championed in the last Parliament by the hon.
Members for Leeds Central and Headingley (Alex Sobel) and for Sheffield Hallam (Olivia Blake), and even, I understand, by  the right hon.
Member for Doncaster North (Ed Miliband) .
Will the Leader of the House ask the Government to commit to a free vote on that crucial Bill’s Second Reading on  24 January ?
I wholeheartedly agree with the hon.
Member’s representation of the House last Friday and how we really did show ourselves at our very best.
I welcome the opportunity to work with her on the Modernisation Committee.