In relation to the duty of candour, I have no idea why the Opposition Front Benchers were laughing about that.
It is a hugely important reform that we are bringing forward, and it will make a significant difference across public service.
We will have public servants putting the public interest above their own personal reputations and above the reputation of institutions.
I hope the Opposition Front Benchers will come to support and help with the leadership required for that step change—that culture change—across public service.
The Golden Valley development adjacent to GCHQ in Cheltenham will pay a vital role in our nation’s cyber-security.
The recent confirmation of £20 million from the Government for that development is welcome, but will the Secretary of State confirm that the project will continue to feature in future iterations of the national cyber strategy?
The best thing to do when it comes to a specific place is for me to look into the exact situation and come back to the hon.
Member.
I assure him, as I have said several times during this session, that cyber-security is extremely important to the Government.
It is not just the Government’s job; cyber-security has to be taken seriously by business and the whole of society.
That is why we have the National Cyber Security Centre giving advice to bodies of all kinds to ensure that they are defended as well as possible.
I welcome the Government’s commitment to the infected blood compensation scheme, and everybody in the House and across the country is pleased to see it.
As of this month, how many individuals have registered for infected blood compensation payments, and can the Minister provide an update for the delivery of compensation in 2025?
I would be pleased to get those figures for the United Kingdom, but in particular for Northern Ireland.
I am more than happy to write to the hon.
Gentleman with the figures for Northern Ireland, as I have done in the past; he knows that I am always happy to do that.
On the timescale for payments, I have already indicated that the first payments for infected people will be out the door by the end of this year.
I have undertaken to bring forward regulations relating to the affected people, and to get them through the House—subject, of course, to the House’s approval—by  31 March  of next year, so that payments to the affected can start in 2025.
Will the Leader of the House give us the forthcoming business?
I shall.
The business for the week commencing  9 December  will include:
Monday 9 December —Remaining stages of the Terrorism (Protection of Premises) Bill.
Tuesday 10 December —Committee of the whole House on the Finance Bill (day one).
Wednesday 11 December —Committee of the whole House on the Finance Bill (day two).
Thursday 12 December —General debate on Lord Etherton’s independent review into the treatment of LGBT veterans, followed by debate on a motion on the performance of the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency.
The subject for this debate was determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 13 December —The House will not be sitting.
The provisional business for the week commencing  16 December  will include:
Monday 16 December —Second Reading of the Water (Special Measures) Bill [Lords].
Tuesday 17 December —Committee of the whole House and remaining stages of the National Insurance Contributions (Secondary Class 1 Contributions) Bill.
Wednesday 18 December —Committee of the whole House and remaining stages of the Lords Spiritual (Women) Act 2015 (Extension) Bill [Lords], followed by Committee of the whole House and remaining stages of the Financial Assistance to Ukraine Bill, followed by remaining stages of the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association and International Committee of the Red Cross (Status) Bill [Lords].
Thursday 19 December —General debate on matters to be raised before the forthcoming Adjournment.
The subject for this debate was determined by the Backbench Business Committee.