Friend agree that Labour’s opportunity mission will be critical to ending that damning statistic and finally smashing the class ceiling that enables it?
We firmly believe that, whoever someone is and wherever they come from, Britain should be a country where hard work means they can get on in life, and that their circumstances of birth should never dictate their future.
The reality for too many children in Britain today is that that can be the case—that opportunity can be limited—and our opportunity mission is aimed at breaking that link.
We will roll out Government-funded childcare to support improved access, delivering on the funded hours expansion and on the Government’s manifesto commitment to create 3,000 more school-based nurseries, increasing the availability of childcare places where they are needed most.
As I said, we want to get a greater proportion of children ready to start school when they walk into primary school for the first time.
Stepping Hill hospital in Hazel Grove is reported to have a repairs backlog of £130 million.
The people on waiting lists, which have been elongated by this repairs backlog, are police officers, teachers and nurses, thereby making it more difficult for the Government to deliver on any of their other missions.
Can the right hon.
Gentleman assure the House that due weight is being given to reducing NHS waiting lists, so that all the other missions can be achieved?
We announced an extra £22 billion for the NHS over the next couple of years in the recent Budget.
I can certainly assure the hon.
Lady that reducing waiting times is at the heart of our missions, because current waiting times are bad for people’s health and bad for our economy.
I call the shadow Minister.
It is a pleasure to face the right hon.
Gentleman across the Dispatch Box for what I believe is the first time.
I am pleased to see three members of the Cabinet on the Front Bench—it is quite right that the Cabinet Office should be so well reflected.
The day after he entered Downing Street, the Prime Minister pledged to personally chair each mission delivery board to drive through change.
We now hear that he is not chairing each mission delivery board.
Why has the Prime Minister broken his pledge?
Let me begin by welcoming the hon.
Gentleman to his position; I look forward to our exchanges.
He is also the shadow Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, so I hope his party leader will be giving him a Christmas bonus for productivity and hard work—he will certainly deserve it.
The Prime Minister is very engaged in the delivery of these missions, and meets for missions stocktakes regularly with the Secretaries of State in charge.
That is the benefit of having this kind of programme: the Prime Minister can personally hold Secretaries of State to account and ensure they are all focused on delivery of the Government’s priorities.
The right hon.
Gentleman is right: as the holder of two shadow portfolios, I get double the money. [
Laughter.]
I am sorry not to hear an explanation for why the Prime Minister has gone back on his word.
There are growing concerns that the mission delivery boards are not being taken seriously.
Those concerns were felt by members of the Public Administration and Constitutional Affairs Committee yesterday, when the right hon.
Gentleman’s very capable permanent secretary said that
“the governance and the wiring of how we do this might not be immediately observable”,
which is a masterful piece of civil service phraseology if ever there was one.
These boards are not Cabinet Sub-Committees, which means they are not authorised to make policy.
The Prime Minister is not there, so his authority is absent.
The Government will not reveal who is on them, what they discuss or when they meet.
They are starting to sound like figments of the Government’s imagination—a litter of Schrödinger’s cats.
Will the right hon.