There is a global context to this—and sometimes that context might not actually be as it appears—which is that, when we look across the  world, we see that countries are still acting on these issues.
Why?
Because they recognise that it is in their national interest economically and in the long term for future generations.
There is no future if people bury their heads in the sand and say, “We’re not going to act.”
COP30 begins next month in Brazil.
The UK must play a leading role on the world stage to tackle climate change.
At home, however, Somerset council is hampered in its attempts to achieve net zero by an escalating financial crisis following the maladministration of its previous Conservative administration.
What steps will the Minister and Cabinet colleagues take to support councils in their net zero transitions?
Part of what we are doing is devolving more of the funding around warm homes, for example, so that local authorities can play a leading role.
I congratulate local authorities on the interest that they are taking in this.
The hon.
Lady raises the wider picture of COP30, which is important—this is a crucial moment.
The UK has already shown leadership in the past 15 months, including by publishing our nationally determined contribution at COP29 last year.
I thank the Secretary of State very much for his answers.
The fact is that we are all in this together.
We must understand that third-world countries have a role to play, just as the United Kingdom does, but we are the richer country.
I am conscious that it may not always be financially possible for third-world countries to do the things that we ask them to, so what assistance can we give them to ensure that when we approach the task of doing this together, we actually achieve it together?
I welcome the hon.
Gentleman’s question.
Part of the answer here is that the economics have changed, so getting private finance into developing countries can make a massive difference.
The “Baku to Belém road map” is being produced as part of the COP process—it is a $1.3 trillion road map—and most of that is about private finance.
We can see across the world the effect of private finance in developing countries.
In Pakistan, for example, solar has gone from playing almost no part in its electricity system to being the top part of that system in only three or four years, because it is in Pakistan’s economic interests.
That is what we are seeing across the world.
We need the private and public sectors to play their role.
What assessment he has made of the potential implications for his policies of the Climate Change Committee’s 2025 report entitled “Progress in reducing emissions”.
I thank my hon.
Friend for repeatedly raising these issues in the House—I know that climate change is of huge concern to her and her constituents.
I am proud that Britain has led the way with our independent Committee on Climate Change,  established under the Climate Change Act 2008, which has worked effectively for nearly two decades, under leadership from Labour and the Conservatives—I sincerely hope that we can re-establish that consensus.
We are grateful to the Committee for its scientific recommendations to the Department.
Obviously, it is for the Department now to consider them, and we will report back on our decisions at the end of the month.
I welcome the Minister to her place—it is good to see her among the line of men on the Treasury Bench.
I have just finished chairing a meeting of the Housing, Communities and Local Government Committee.
One issue that we discussed was decent home standards.
Emissions from homes is another key area that we need to bear down on, given the Government’s priority of improving minimum energy performance certificate standards by 2030.