I have to admit that  it was frustrating at the time, but it was also a mark of why he was so respected and admired.
That level of modesty is rare in anyone, especially in a politician, but those of us who knew Ming knew that it was simply the kind of man that he was.
It says a lot about Ming’s many and varied accomplishments that his extraordinary sporting achievements—being Britain’s fastest man and representing his country at the Olympics—will not be what he is most remembered for.
Nor will he be most remembered for his law career, though he excelled at that too.
He was even offered the chance to become a judge on Scotland’s High Court in 1996, but he turned it down because by then, as he put it, politics had got into his blood.
And so, what Ming will be most remembered for is his enormous contribution to British politics—a parliamentary career spanning five decades, including 28 years representing North East Fife.
I got to know Ming early during his first Parliament, when I was the party’s economics adviser based in our Whips Office.
Even then, he already had so much gravitas.
He was so charming, so thoughtful and so respected.
Ming was among those few MPs who were genuinely grandees from the first day they were elected, but his calmness, reasonableness and intense decency masked a radical politician: a man who never forgot his roots after growing up in a Glasgow tenement, and who was driven by a deep commitment to social justice.
He said it was his role and the role of the Liberal Democrats to “rattle the cage” of British politics, and he did—especially, as you said, Mr Speaker, when it came to foreign affairs and defence, on which he led for our party for over 18 years, including, of course, in the lead-up to and after the Iraq war.
I remember how difficult a decision it was for us to oppose that war.
It felt like we were not just going against the Government, but taking on the full might of the British state and the United States too.
The way Ming tackled it, with his typically steady, forensic and lawyerly approach, gave us both the confidence and resolve to speak up strongly for what we believed.
He made our position firmly rooted in respect for international law.
At a time when the world was in turmoil following the horrific terrorist attacks of  11 September , Ming provided principled leadership with his trademark combination of morality, courage and wisdom, and he continued to do so, whether as leader of our party, as a respected member of the Intelligence and Security Committee and of the Foreign Affairs Committee, or in the other place.
I benefited greatly from Ming’s advice and guidance over more than 30 years, and turned to him often about foreign affairs in my own time as leader.
I will miss his wise counsel, as I know many of us will.
But, more than that, he was an incredibly warm and caring friend—a colleague with such generosity and humour.
He called his late wife Elspeth his rock, and she was always by his side—mostly with a cigarette.
They were such good fun and such great company.
It was once said of Ming that he
“runs the risk of giving politicians a good name.”
Well, he certainly did that.
His passing is a moment for us to consider how we are all viewed as politicians and what changes we could make, both individually and collectively, to further the cause of good, decent, hopeful politics—something that Ming embodied entirely.
Ming Campbell was a dedicated public servant, a tireless champion for Fife, St Andrews and the United Kingdom, and a true Liberal giant.
I know all of us in the Liberal Democrat family and across this House will miss him terribly.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.