I know that those at the university are very sad at his loss and passing.
Indeed, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston and Surbiton (Ed Davey)  and I visited the university last week to meet them and discuss Ming.
I will finish with some personal memories.
He was a great support to me, but I do remember, when I was running for the selection in 2018, that there was a constituency lunch in North East Fife.
One of the members who was supportive of my candidacy made sure that I was sat at the same table as Elspeth, because I was assured that if I could get Elspeth onside, Ming would surely follow.
Since I was elected, we would meet every so often.
Every month, we would have a cup of tea and a scone in the Pugin Room, and he would tell me all the things that I needed to be doing.
The Secretary of State for Defence is not here, but Ming would always ask me, right up until the last time I saw him, about Leuchars and what the strategic defence review meant, and talk about how important defence was for him and the constituency.
There is no doubt that the loss of Elspeth was devastating and he was never quite the same.
I think everybody would accept that when we saw him here, but really up until those last weeks, he, although very frail, was absolutely still there and we had many great conversations.
I saw him just the week before he died, and it did feel like a “goodbye” conversation.
I know that he will be much missed across this House, and I am very grateful for all the tributes that have been paid to him.
Hear, hear.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
Ming Campbell was a good friend of mine.
There is a body called the NATO Parliamentary Assembly, which has not been mentioned yet today.
Ming Campbell was a member for over 30 years, only really pausing when he became leader of the Liberal Democrats.
When I joined that body in 2015, the respect with which Ming Campbell was regarded across the entire alliance—indeed, by so many partner countries, almost across the world—became apparent almost immediately.
It did not matter if we were meeting Presidents, Prime Ministers or even royal families.
Ming would come into the room and greet, say, the King of Spain in the same way he would greet somebody in the Tea Room and the respect shone through.
I remember very clearly when he was the chairman of several of the Assembly’s committees.
Sometimes allies in those committees maybe did not quite see eye to eye and got into some really heated arguments.
Ming simply hit the table and said, “Enough!”
and the silence fell.
That was the level of respect he had.
During the coalition years, he was able to be appointed as leader of the United Kingdom delegation to the Assembly.
When I had the honour of taking on that role, I do not think many weeks passed when I did not call Ming on his mobile phone and say, “Ming, I need some advice on this difficult situation.”
That was especially true during the covid years, when we were trying to work out how  we were going to make the annual and spring Assemblies work online.
Ming was always there with sage advice on how to lead our delegations.
One thing that is true about serving on an international body is that we spend an awful lot of time in airports, especially when flights are delayed.
Ming always had a story and they were genuinely fascinating.
His legal career has been mentioned.
There was one particular story that I liked, because it showed his quick wit and his ability to move swiftly on his feet, which was an important ability for a KC.