We will be playing a very active part at COP30.
The wider point that the hon.
Lady makes about tipping points and the recent report is important.
Anyone who looks at that report will see where the science is taking us, and any political party in this House that sees that as a reason to then abandon the Climate Change Act 2008, as the Leader of the Opposition has done, is anti-science and anti-young people.
It is a betrayal of the future.
Come on, Secretary of State, do you not want your own Back Benchers to ask questions?
First, we had the VW scandal and now we have Dieselgate 2, with multiple manufacturers accused of faking it and emissions up to 30 times the legal limit.
Can Ministers update us on the Department for Transport’s inquiry and promise swift action when it is out?
I share my hon.
Friend’s concern regarding those reports.
This Government are focused on making transport greener, including by cutting air pollution to improve health and the environment.
We also need to ensure that people are abiding by the rules.
The responsible body, the Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency, is pursuing the potential diesel emissions non-compliance using its procedures and the tools available.
Officials at the DFT have assured me that the findings from these investigations will be published in a timely and appropriate manner; as an impatient politician, I can assure her that I will continue to press for a prompt and thorough interpretation of “timely”.
According to the National Audit Office, some 98% of the 23,000 homes fitted with external wall insulation under Government schemes in recent years now need urgent repairs to correct faults that lead directly to damp and mould.
What plans does the Secretary of State have to remediate those affected properties, and what does he have to say to the 3,000 residents of Surrey Heath living today in fuel poverty to give them confidence—
Order.
Climate change will have happened before you conclude.
Let me be absolutely clear: no family should ever have had to go through this.
It happened because of the systematic  failings of the system put in place by the previous Government, and we are cleaning up their mess.
We will do that at no cost to consumers, and I am happy to meet the hon.
Member to discuss any cases that he might have in his constituency.
In his letter to GB Energy’s CEO last month outlining his strategic priorities, the Secretary of State rightly stated that reindustrialising our industrial heartlands
“with good jobs and strong trade union representation”
goes hand in hand with tackling the climate crisis.
Will he take the opportunity to reiterate that our investment in tackling the climate crisis and producing clean energy will deliver secure, long-term employment, and will be to the benefit of working people in Airdrie and Shotts and across the UK?
Yes, I will.
My hon.
Friend makes an important point about the role of trade unions in the renewable industry, too.
The hundreds of workers at Lindsey oil refinery will have noted that in response to an earlier question, the Minister did not attempt to respond on the future of the refinery.
At least two investors are looking to take over the whole site.
If they prove satisfactory, can the Minister assure me that the Government will back the project?
I am happy to have further conversations with the hon.
Gentleman.
I know that the refinery is in his constituency and that he cares deeply about it.
A process is under way—led by the official receiver, because it is an insolvency process.
It is considering a number of bids to make sure they are viable, and will conclude in the coming weeks so that there is certainty for the workforce.
We have said throughout that we want to support as much investment in that site as possible.