What steps he is taking to support green energy companies to build onshore wind turbines.
The Government have published an onshore wind strategy to remove barriers to help companies build more onshore wind, with actions across several areas including planning, aviation, workforce and routes to market.
The UK is committed to growing our wind energy manufacturing capacity, but this requires investment in innovation to develop the next generation of products that could be made in the UK, using expertise that exists in places like my constituency of Isle of Wight West.
Can the Minister assure me that the Government are doing everything possible to provide the funding to not only create jobs but provide sovereign ownership of blade technology and development in the UK, so that we become a true energy superpower?
My hon.
Friend is right to recognise the importance of the industry in his constituency.
Vestas is a key part of the UK’s wind supply chain.
The Isle of Wight is already a successful centre for wind blade manufacturing and research and development.
I can assure him that we are doing everything we can to work with partners and right across Government on the proposal, and that includes the agreement in principle between Vestas and the Government to support the factory’s repurposing to make onshore wind blades, saving 300 jobs.
Energy companies of any kind, whether oil and gas or renewables, need certainty to plan to invest, whether it is onshore or offshore.
The Government’s consultation on the North sea’s energy future closed on  30 April , almost six months ago, and the industry is still awaiting an outcome.
The only guidance on timing on the Government’s website is to
“Visit this page again soon to download the outcome to this public feedback.”
The ongoing delay is causing huge uncertainty for sectors of all types of energy investment.
Can the Minister confirm when the outcome of the consultation will be published with a date or a week, not a vague timescale?
On the substance of the hon.
Member’s question, we launched the future of energy in the North sea consultation with a detailed set of questions, which we are analysing at the moment.
We will publish the response to that as soon as possible, but I am sure she will understand that we want to make sure we have it absolutely right.
I have engaged with industry to tell it about the timeframes for that throughout the process.
Let me just say one thing.
The hon.
Member talks about uncertainty.
What could be more uncertain than the Leader of the Opposition coming to Aberdeen and talking down the investment in offshore wind, hydrogen and carbon capture—the very thing that will retain the supply chain in the north-east of Scotland?
Uncertainty is what the Conservative party brings to this.
What steps he is taking to reduce energy bills.
What steps he is taking to reduce energy bills.
What steps he is taking to reduce energy bills.
The Government believe that our mission to deliver clean power by 2030 is the best way to break our dependence on global fossil fuel markets and protect bill payers permanently.
We recognise that we need to support households struggling with bills while we transition to clean power.
That is why we are expanding the warm home discount to around an additional 2.7 million households.
I recently visited St Bartholomew’s church in Hyde, which has served the residents of Winchester for over 915 years, as part of its Give to Go Green day, which raised £2,400 to support its efforts to decarbonise the church and reduce energy bills.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating the congregation and the community volunteers for the leadership they are showing in this area, and will he outline what steps the Government are taking to support faith and community groups in decarbonising historic buildings while preserving their heritage?
I join the hon.