Member to discuss the plans, and will soon be organising a roundtable with Members on both sides of the House to discuss them further.
Before we start the statements, I want to say a few words about our former colleague Lord Campbell of Pittenweem—better known to us as Ming—who died during the conference recess.
Ming was universally liked and respected across the House, regardless of people’s party allegiance.
Unflappable, kind, principled, incredibly active and held in great esteem by all parties, Ming achieved success as an Olympian, as a lawyer and as a formidable politician in both Houses of Parliament, as well as leadership of the Liberal Democrats.
He was one of Westminster’s most authoritative voices on foreign affairs, particularly in articulating his party’s opposition to the invasion of Iraq in 2003.
On a personal level, Ming was a loyal friend to me and to my family.
He served with my father on the Trade and Industry Committee, where they conducted many inquiries, most notably into the Iraq supergun affair.
The two often vented their frustration about the thwarting of their efforts to get Ministers, officials or even fellow Members to appear before their Committee, but despite that, they pursued the inquiry fearlessly in order to get to the truth.
Some things have never changed.
I know that Ming was hit especially hard by the death of his wife Elspeth; they were, of course, married for more than 50 years.
Courage, wisdom and integrity were Ming’s hallmarks.
We have lost a dear colleague and, for many of us, a wonderful friend.
Our thoughts are with Ming’s family, his friends, and his allies across the political parties.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
May I first thank you for that generous tribute to our dear friend Ming?
I want to let the House into a secret about Ming Campbell: he was obsessed with sport—as one might expect from someone who was the captain of the Scottish men’s team at the Commonwealth games.
I remember him talking about how he had been captivated by the 1948 London Olympics at the age of seven, listening to it on the radio with his mother, and how he had decided back then that he wanted to run at a future Olympic games.
It is a dream of so many young boys and girls, but Ming—thanks to his determination, drive and work ethic—actually made it happen: he represented our country at the Tokyo games in 1964.
For a man once known as “the Flying Scotsman”, who set a new British 100-metre record at 10.2 seconds and who was probably the fastest person ever elected to this House, Ming was never one to brag about his sporting accomplishments.
In fact, he was such a gentleman and so averse to boastfulness that it could be hard to get him to talk about them at all.
I remember when Wayne Rooney broke a metatarsal in his foot ahead of the 2006 World cup.
Ming had told us a story about how he had suffered an injury before the 1964 Olympic games and how hard he had worked to overcome it.
We were all begging him to go on the radio, tell that story and encourage Wayne Rooney—a rare chance for the Liberal Democrat leader to break into the biggest sport story of the day—but Ming would not do it.
I have to admit that  it was frustrating at the time, but it was also a mark of why he was so respected and admired.
That level of modesty is rare in anyone, especially in a politician, but those of us who knew Ming knew that it was simply the kind of man that he was.
It says a lot about Ming’s many and varied accomplishments that his extraordinary sporting achievements—being Britain’s fastest man and representing his country at the Olympics—will not be what he is most remembered for.