We are trying to ensure that the UK’s grid remains as resilient as possible.
That requires investment, and those who oppose the building of new infrastructure to improve our grid’s resilience will need to explain to their constituents why they want them to be much more at risk of disconnections in those storms.
Secondly, these storms are becoming more common, because climate change is impacting all our lives.
The answer is to move more quickly towards clean power and to recognise that climate change is a problem, not to bury our heads in the sand and fail to deliver the necessary investment.
Proposals for 90 miles of pylons from Grimsby to Walpole in my constituency would have a major detrimental impact on rural areas due to the scale of the infrastructure, the loss of high-quality farmland and the proximity of the infrastructure to homes.
Does the Minister understand—I do not think he does—why local people say no to pylons?
Will he get National Grid to look properly at undergrounding or offshoring, to reduce the impact on these communities and ensure that if the proposals do go ahead, communities are properly compensated?
I could not have organised that better if I had tried: immediately after I said, “If you are against grid infrastructure, you are against economic growth”, up pops the hon.
Gentleman to make exactly that point.
His party is against building the future of this country, and we are not going to follow that path at all.
Decades of under-investment have led to the issues  we face today.
They hold back economic growth across the country.
This infrastructure has to be built somewhere.
We are determined that communities benefit from that by introducing what the previous Government failed to do: community benefits for the communities who are hosting the infrastructure.
I call the shadow Minister.
On grid infrastructure, the Chinese wind turbine manufacturer Ming Yang has said that it is looking to set up a wind turbine factory in Scotland.
Our security services have warned us about the risks of Chinese state-sponsored hackers trying to infiltrate and destroy energy systems in the west, and hidden kill switches have been found in Chinese solar installation technology in the United States.
Can the Minister provide the House with a very clear assurance that neither Ming Yang nor the Chinese state will be able to remotely control our energy infrastructure—yes or no?
First, I will take no lessons from the party that brought Chinese investors right into building our nuclear power station.
This Government are delivering a nuclear power station with British Government funding, not Chinese funding, so I will take no lessons from the Conservatives on that.
Many companies want to come and invest in the UK, and we absolutely welcome investment into this country, but every single decision and investment obviously has to pass stringent national security tests.
I will not engage right now in what those tests will be, but we will say very clearly that no decision we make will ever compromise our national security.
What steps he is taking to ensure the forthcoming carbon budget delivery plan includes measures to financially support people on low and middle incomes.
Welcome, Minister.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I thank the hon.
Lady for her continued advocacy on this agenda.
I have enjoyed working with her from the Back Benches and hope to continue to do so in this new post.
I am excited to share with her and the whole House the carbon budget growth and delivery plan later this month.
What I can say now is that ensuring that low and middle-income families can benefit from the energy transition is absolutely central to our mission.
It is why we are rolling out the biggest home upgrade scheme in a generation and why we are moving away from expensive fossil fuels towards cheap, clean British power in homes and communities across our country.