The Minister for Energy chairs the marine energy taskforce, and is happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The carbon tax on electricity pushes up the cost of gas, wind, solar and nuclear in this country.
It does not need to be there—the Secretary of State could axe the carbon tax tomorrow to instantly cut bills for every single family in this country.
Why will he not?
I am afraid that the right hon.
Lady’s question is economically illiterate, and that is putting it politely.
The EU emissions trading scheme and the carbon border adjustment mechanism mean that exporters will pay the carbon price in any case.
Quite extraordinarily, her policy means that they would pay it to the EU, not to the UK Government—I do not think that is a very good deal.
That is why UK business welcomed the linking proposals that we made, including UK Steel, the CBI, Make UK and the Energy Intensive Users Group.
The Secretary of State is trying to conflate two emissions trading schemes.
He does not want to talk about the carbon tax on electricity, because he has increased it by 70% since the start of the year, pushing up everybody’s bills in the process.
He is making electricity more expensive at the same time as taxing, banning and bribing people into electric cars and electric home heating—that is totally backwards.
He is the worst enemy of a decarbonisation agenda in this country.
Our cheap power plan would instantly cut electricity bills by 20%.
The Secretary of State could do so tomorrow; what is he waiting for?
Dear, oh dear.
I will be honest: I think it is sad what has happened to the right hon.
Lady.
When she was in government for a time, she was the great eco-champion.
At COP26, she was telling people, “Follow Claire’s lead—be a great eco-champion.”
Now, she has suddenly discovered that she is the anti-net zero warrior.
All it does is show how desperate the Conservatives are, and the more desperate they become, the more irrelevant they become.
Air pollution increases the risk of developing conditions including asthma and lung cancer, and has been linked to thousands of deaths.
In London, hard work by our mayor Sadiq Khan has seen the level of nitrogen dioxide fall to within legal limits for the first time since regulations were introduced.
In my constituency, we want to know that the Government are committed to working hard to end that link between air pollution and deaths, so can the Secretary of State set out what steps he is taking to deliver that?
My hon.
Friend makes a really important point, and not only about what the mayor has done and the effects it has had on the health of Londoners.
There is a wider point here, which is too often overlooked, about what the shift to renewables and away from fossil fuels can do to help save lives and tackle air pollution.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Frighteningly, the Earth has already reached its first climate tipping point linked to global warming.
We are now seeing warm water coral reefs going into irreversible decline, which is threatening nature and millions of people and their livelihoods.
The climate crisis is a global emergency and needs leadership, and when Britain leads, others follow.
Can the Secretary of State finally confirm that the Prime Minister will attend COP30 and lead from the front?
I will give the answer that was also given by the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Leeds North West (Katie White) , which is that the Prime Minister’s diary is above my pay grade.
We will be playing a very active part at COP30.
The wider point that the hon.
Lady makes about tipping points and the recent report is important.