Ming Campbell was a dedicated public servant, a tireless champion for Fife, St Andrews and the United Kingdom, and a true Liberal giant.
I know all of us in the Liberal Democrat family and across this House will miss him terribly.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
Everyone in this House knows what an honour it is to represent our country, but for most of us that appreciation comes from the rather sedentary position on these Benches, not from the international running track where Lord Campbell of Pittenweem first represented Great Britain at the Olympic games in Tokyo in 1964.
He remained quick on his feet as a barrister, before becoming an MP, where, I am told, he made the most of his talents by sprinting door to door while canvassing.
Ultimately, of course, he became a respected voice on foreign and defence affairs, becoming leader of the Liberal Democrats.
This was despite many overtures from one of my predecessors, his old Glasgow University friend John Smith, to join the Labour party as a young man.
No, Ming, as many came to know him, was determined and he knew his own mind.
Ming Campbell was authoritative on the subjects that he was passionate about, so it was no wonder that he had the respect and admiration of colleagues across the House, who recognised his wisdom and unfailing kindness over 28 years of service as a Member of this Parliament.
Today we remember his commitment to Scotland and in particular of course to Fife—championing its industries from fishing to, in his case, flying—as well as becoming chancellor of the University of St Andrews, where he spoke of his joy at meeting students and young people full of hope for the future—a future he had done so much to shape.
It was a full life, well lived alongside Elspeth, his beloved wife of more than 50 years.
We are all enriched by his sense of duty and commitment to this country.
He stands in the finest traditions of this House, so it is a privilege, on behalf of the Labour Benches, to pay tribute to the “Flying Scotsman”.
May he rest in peace.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
On behalf of the Conservative party, I would like to add my voice to the tributes paid today to Lord Campbell.
I had the pleasure of meeting Sir Ming Campbell, as he was then, just once—backstage before “Any Questions?”—and he was very courteous, very curious and very earnest.
We all know how well respected he was across this House, not least because of the efforts he made to work cross-party, especially on international matters.
He was a man with a clear sense of right and wrong, committed to doing the right thing even when it was difficult or unpopular, so I very much hope that his legacy of careful thought, integrity and public service endures.
On behalf of myself and my party, I extend heartfelt condolences to Sir Ming’s family, his party and all those who knew him and loved him.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
For those of us on all sides who were here during the debate on the Iraq  war, I want to thank Ming for the legal advice that he provided and the way that he addressed that debate, because he did so without seeking any party advantage.
He simply set out the legal principles on which he was making his decision, and he did so with compassion and with the recognition of the moral duty that we all had.
Many of us agreed with him and voted with him, and many did not, but everybody respected his judgment as a result.
I believe he was a model MP, always speaking and voting on the basis of his conscience and the interests of his constituency and the country overall.