With that in mind, will the Minister find time to meet me, so that we can discuss how we can keep people in Newcastle-under-Lyme alive, safe and warm in the colder months ahead?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his comments on my liberation from the Government Whips Office.
I know that he is a champion for his constituents in Newcastle-under-Lyme, and I am always happy to meet to discuss these important issues.
He will know, as I do, that with wholesale gas costs 77% higher than before the Russian invasion of Ukraine, we must get people off the rollercoaster of fossil fuel prices and on to clean home-grown power.
Nearly 3 million households in the UK live in fuel poverty.
At the same time, a recent report from the Common Wealth think-tank told us that energy company profits average about a quarter of everybody’s bills.
In the last few years, £70 billion has been paid to shareholders, instead of being reinvested or used to help tackle fuel poverty.
Will the Minister commit to tackling those energy company profits by taxing them fairly and reinvesting the money in the urgent work that is needed—for example, through the warm homes plan—to tackle the scourge of fuel poverty in our country?
The cost of energy has to come down, and one of my jobs as Minister for energy consumers is driving down the cost of bills, but we must also remember that the Government introduced a windfall tax on the oil and gas companies, and we have the price cap on energy, which caps the profits of energy companies.
We will continue to take that action.
Despite the oil price being at a six-month low this week, energy prices remain stubbornly high.
Given the onset of winter, what further steps will the Minister and his Department take by way of a warm home scheme?
We are taking action through the warm home discount, which is being provided to an extra 2.7 million households across the country, and the warm homes plan, which we will roll out before the end of the year.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of trends in the level of energy prices on economic growth.
High and volatile energy prices are bad for growth, take money out of consumers’ pockets and make our businesses less competitive.
Through our mission to achieve clean power by 2030, we are taking the country off the rollercoaster of global fossil fuel prices and have set a route to home-grown cheap and greener energy.
The Minister and I come from one of the most energy-rich parts of Europe, yet its consumers have among the highest energy bills in Europe.
That drives up fuel poverty and hits the cost of living crisis.
He will be aware of that.
Labour promised to bring down bills by £300; they will have gone up by about the same amount.
Does the Minister understand why people are so frustrated with the Government?
Like the hon.
Member, I understand people’s frustration when they look at their energy bills each month. [
Interruption.]
That promise stands.
That is why we are taking concerted action through the warm home discount, which is providing 2.7 million households with support this winter, and the warm homes plan, which we will roll out this year.
Economic growth is a key driver for all our constituents.
What is the Government’s estimate of the number of jobs that will be created in the UK by 2030?
Is it true to say that it will be triple the number in the old economy?
Hundreds of thousands of jobs will come from the clean power revolution.
That is why it is so important that we push ahead with it and do not adopt the tactics of the Conservative party, or their friends on the Back Benches.