He simply set out the legal principles on which he was making his decision, and he did so with compassion and with the recognition of the moral duty that we all had.
Many of us agreed with him and voted with him, and many did not, but everybody respected his judgment as a result.
I believe he was a model MP, always speaking and voting on the basis of his conscience and the interests of his constituency and the country overall.
He will be greatly missed, but I think his lesson will remain with many of us throughout our own parliamentary careers.
I call the Father of the House.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
As a Conservative, I want to join our Liberal friends in paying tribute to such a gallant and charming gentleman.
His least successful period in this House was probably as leader of his party—perhaps he was just too nice; perhaps he could see both sides of the question—but what a great man and what a great foreign affairs spokesman.
Following on from  the right hon.
Member for Hayes and Harlington (John McDonnell) , the whole episode of the Iraq war was so difficult for us in this House, particularly for those of us who broke with our party to oppose it.
He gave us leadership and rigour, and he has been proved right.
Of course, there are no prizes for being proved right, but history will prove him right.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
I stand here as a friend of Ming’s, but also as the current representative of his seat.
I know how much he felt the privilege of being elected to this House for 28 years as the representative for North East Fife.
I also know the very high regard in which he was held in the constituency.
All I have had—both myself and the MSP for the constituency, Willie Rennie, who was previously a Member of this place—are very kind thoughts from constituents and stories about Ming that we have taken to our hearts.
He first stood for Parliament in Greenock in 1974.
Greenock is my hometown.
I was quite reassured, when I was first engaging with Ming, that we at least had something in common.
What the Prime Minister said was right: he had the opportunity to switch to other parties, but he chose not to.
Although he first stood in 1974, it took until 1987 before he was elected in North East Fife.
That shows the spirit and determination he had as an individual, but also the work he did to build the constituency and build the local party.
I have had lots of thoughts from the local party, too.
One of them I thought would be worth sharing with the House.
Shortly after his election, which was a close contest against the sitting Conservative MP, they decided to take a celebratory boat trip out to the Isle of May to see the puffins.
Unfortunately, the boat broke down on the way.
Ming and Elspeth kept everybody calm.
It was interesting that even people who did not vote for him came out and rescued the boat. [
Laughter.]
That was the respect with which he was regarded.
In his tribute, my constituency colleague Willie Rennie said that Ming had had three careers: politics, law and, obviously, sport.
He was a parliamentarian, he was a  KC, he was an Olympian and he was a Companion of Honour.
If any of us can aspire to the great heights that Ming reached, that is worth aspiring to.
The Prime Minister also mentioned his chancellorship of the University of St Andrews, which he held for 19 years.
I know that those at the university are very sad at his loss and passing.
Indeed, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston and Surbiton (Ed Davey)  and I visited the university last week to meet them and discuss Ming.