I recently visited St Bartholomew’s church in Hyde, which has served the residents of Winchester for over 915 years, as part of its Give to Go Green day, which raised £2,400 to support its efforts to decarbonise the church and reduce energy bills.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating the congregation and the community volunteers for the leadership they are showing in this area, and will he outline what steps the Government are taking to support faith and community groups in decarbonising historic buildings while preserving their heritage?
I join the hon.
Gentleman in praising the whole congregation and community at St Bartholomew’s in Winchester for supporting those efforts.
Such efforts by community and faith groups across the country show the support that exists for taking the right action, not just on clean power but on insulation.
The warm homes plan and other plans that the Department will publish before the end of the year will address some of the issues he talks about in respect of historic buildings.
Carol from Harpenden is one of many constituents who are worried about energy costs.
At 70, she stressed that she never imagined that she would have to scrimp and save in the way that she does just to get by.
The warm home discount is a temporary lifeline, so will the Government commit to long-lasting solutions to end fuel poverty, including an emergency home upgrade programme that will include incentives to install heat pumps that cover real costs?
We are currently consulting on extending the warm home discount beyond 2026.
I would encourage the hon.
Lady to look at that consultation and feed back her views.
The warm homes plan is the route to some of the actions that she has outlined and we will be publishing it before the end of the year.
In my constituency of Frome and East Somerset, approximately 10% of households use oil central heating, compared with 5% nationally.
Given the high volatility of oil prices, that places my constituents in a particularly difficult position as we approach the winter months.
Will the Minister confirm what measures will be taken to ensure that homes that are reliant on oil heating can be heated more affordably, so that my constituents do not have to suffer unnecessarily?
Since I became a Minister four weeks ago, I have received a lot of correspondence on this issue and I am looking at it closely.
We have consulted on the issue and, hopefully, we will be publishing the results of that consultation before the end of the month.
Half the battle to reach net zero is using less energy, which is why work to insulate homes is so important.
Calder Valley is famous for “Happy Valley” and now “Riot Women”, and has occasionally been called wet and windy.
With 75,000 of our homes falling below energy performance certificate band C, that means many families live in homes that leak heat.
Today’s National Audit Office report found that in 98% of homes that had insulation installed under the last Government, the work was faulty, risking damp and mould.
What action will this Government take to ensure that future insulation efforts help families, rather than hinder them?
I share my hon.
Friend’s concern about the findings in today’s National Audit Office report.
Obviously, we inherited this situation from the previous Government and we are cleaning up their mess.
It is important that we have robust protections in place for consumers so that they have confidence when installing these measures.
The warm homes plan will address that, including through the consumer protections that we will outline as part of it.
The CBI says that one of the best routes to bringing down bills and delivering growth is investing in clean power jobs, including the 8,800 such jobs that we currently have in Tees Valley—a number that is scaling up every year.