I am excited to share with her and the whole House the carbon budget growth and delivery plan later this month.
What I can say now is that ensuring that low and middle-income families can benefit from the energy transition is absolutely central to our mission.
It is why we are rolling out the biggest home upgrade scheme in a generation and why we are moving away from expensive fossil fuels towards cheap, clean British power in homes and communities across our country.
I welcome the Minister to her new position and thank her for her answer.
I know how much she will want the new carbon budget delivery plan to reflect the scale of ambition required while ensuring that the poorest are not asked to pay the price, and also to signal that it is an absolute priority across Government.
Can she assure us that the new plan will not just be slipped out, but will be launched properly and, crucially, with the Prime Minister?
It is slightly above my pay grade to determine the Prime Minister’s diary, but I can assure the hon.
Lady that we will proudly launch the carbon budget growth and delivery plan later this month.
What steps he is taking to increase co-operation with other countries to tackle climate change.
What discussions he has had with his international counterparts on tackling climate change.
In the best traditions of the UK, we see it as our duty to work with other countries to tackle the climate crisis and protect future generations.
It was British leadership that saw the Climate Change Act 2008 emulated in 60 countries across the world, and it was the leadership of the UK at COP26 that now sees 80% of global GDP covered by net zero.
We will maintain that tradition of leadership into COP30 in Brazil and beyond.
The Amazon rainforest is the lungs of the earth, but it is gasping for breath.
I am pleased that COP30 will be in the heart of the Amazon.
Ella, a school student from my constituency, would like to know what steps the Government will be taking to stop deforestation and back nature-based solutions.
On behalf of Ella, may I urge the Secretary of State to go as far as possible and do all he can?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question, and Ella for her interest in and enthusiasm for this incredibly important issue.
Deforestation is a terrible thing for the planet, but it is also terrible for the people who are affected—the indigenous people who live in the forest.
Nature-based solutions and solutions that put indigenous people at the centre make a huge difference.
This is a COP in the forest, and I think the Brazilian presidency deserves congratulations on that emphasis.
It is developing a number of initiatives, including the so-called TFFF—the tropical forest forever facility—to finance the prevention of deforestation, and we are working with it on that.
Young people in my constituency of Wolverhampton West are particularly concerned about protecting the environment and the future of our planet.
I have been contacted by students at Wolverhampton girls’ high school and St Edmund’s Catholic academy, and recently I was proud to attend a climate justice art exhibition prepared by pupils at St Teresa’s Catholic primary academy.
What steps are we taking to encourage international awareness of the dangers of global warming and the need to recycle and limit plastic waste, thereby also reducing marine pollution?
Plastic waste is something that my colleagues in the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs work on.
I think my hon.
Friend’s wider point is important.
There is a global context to this—and sometimes that context might not actually be as it appears—which is that, when we look across the  world, we see that countries are still acting on these issues.
Why?
Because they recognise that it is in their national interest economically and in the long term for future generations.