As we say goodbye to a much-loved parliamentarian, we also remember a private man.
Ming’s marriage to Elspeth was the anchor of his life.
The last time I saw Ming he spoke with love and feeling about Elspeth.
He was continuing his life’s work in Parliament, but it was clear he felt acutely that he was continuing it without his life partner.
Theirs was a truly devoted partnership.
Ming Campbell lived an incredible life as an athlete, advocate, political leader and loving husband.
He was a lifelong liberal whose principles drove his choices.
He is rightly remembered with admiration and affection today across the House.
He will be sorely missed.
Before I update the House on the peace process in the middle east and my trade visit to India, I want to put on record my utter condemnation of the vile antisemitic terrorist attack at the Heaton Park synagogue in Manchester, which killed two Jewish men: Adrian Daulby and Melvin Cravitz.
Antisemitism is not a new hatred.
Here in Britain, Jews have had to deal with the shameful reality that their buildings, their way of life and their children need extra protection.
We must also be crystal clear that while this was an attack on Jews because they were Jews, the Islamist extremism that motivated this sick individual is a threat to every citizen of this country.
It is an attack on British values, British security and the British decency that holds our communities together.
Moreover, we can see clearly that antisemitism is on the rise in Britain once again.
We will scale up the protection we provide for Jewish people.
We will set out new measures to prevent hatred abusing the democratic right to protest.
We will stop at nothing to root out antisemitism.
The same applies to the arson attack on the Peacehaven mosque.
An attack on British Muslims is also an attack on us all, so we condemn this despicable crime and the poison of anti-Muslim hatred.
We will fight against hate in all its forms.
I now turn to the middle east, and to words I have longed to say in this House for a very long time: the surviving hostages are free, the bombardment of Gaza has stopped, and desperately needed aid is starting to enter.
As a result of the peace plan led by President Trump, we have the chance—it is a chance—to bring a terrible chapter in history finally to a close.
It is a moment of profound relief for the House, this nation, and indeed the whole world, but it is tempered, of course, by the knowledge that for the hostages and their families, the loved ones of those killed on  7 October  and the innocent civilians in Gaza—the dead, the bereaved, the starving—this has been two years of living hell.