This is the growth opportunity of the 21st century.
Now, we could let China or India take that opportunity, but I say that we need that opportunity for Britain.
The Climate Change Act forces Ministers to meet rigid, legally binding emissions targets, regardless of the economic consequences.
Does the Secretary of State accept that this law has directly contributed to higher energy bills, the loss of British industry and declining competitiveness, and that the only sensible course of action is to repeal it?
No, and British business roundly condemned the Conservatives when they came out with that argument.
The hon.
Gentleman should have a word with  the right hon.
Member for East Surrey (Claire Coutinho) , sitting on the Front Bench, who said just in March last year—life comes at you fast, Mr Speaker—that Britain was the “poster child” for net zero.
She was lauding everything associated with that, and now she wants to abolish the Act that made it possible.
What plans he has to assess land use changes in applications for new energy infrastructure.
We are delivering a strategic spatial energy plan to support a more actively planned approach to energy infrastructure.
It will consider wider demands, including food production, water supply and nature recovery.
The Departments for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs and for Energy Security and Net Zero will ensure that the strategic spatial energy plan and the land use framework work together.
Residents in my constituency are concerned about a proposed site for a battery energy storage system on agricultural land in the green belt.
With tales of similar storage systems catching fire, there is understandable fear in the community.
Would the Minister meet me to discuss making local fire services statutory consultees for certain types of battery storage planning applications, and to hear my residents’ concerns, and will he reassure them that they will not be guinea pigs for new or untested technology?
The hon.
Lady is right to say that public confidence in the safety of all infrastructure is incredibly important.
Battery technology is no more unsafe than any other technology, but if there is a public perception that it is, then it is right that we take action to deal with that.
That is why I am hosting a roundtable to look at what more we can do around safety, and it is why the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs is doing work on some of the regulations in this space.
This is regulated closely by the Health and Safety Executive, but I am happy to meet the hon.
Lady to discuss what more we can do.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
In my constituency, several planning applications are pending, and one has already been granted in the villages of Wilsden and Cullingworth for battery storage and onshore wind in the wider area.
Can the Minister explain how constituents with clean energy infrastructure in their area can benefit from both cheaper bills and community funding?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight that building renewable infrastructure is how we will bring down bills for everyone in the long term.
It is incredibly important that we can store cheaper electricity, including through battery storage, so that we can deploy it in the system far more regularly than we are currently deploying gas, which is what is driving up people’s bills.
We also want the communities that host the infrastructure to benefit directly from it.
They will benefit from cheaper bills, as well as from direct community benefits.
We have been consulting over the past few months on whether those should be made mandatory, and whether we should raise the expectations on developers.
What steps his Department is taking to tackle fuel poverty in Greater Manchester.
Ensuring that everyone has access to a safe and warm home is our priority.