A process is under way—led by the official receiver, because it is an insolvency process.
It is considering a number of bids to make sure they are viable, and will conclude in the coming weeks so that there is certainty for the workforce.
We have said throughout that we want to support as much investment in that site as possible.
Ofgem’s latest 2% price cap rise means higher bills for millions of households this winter, with the average annual cost now over £1,700.
For families who are already struggling, even a small increase can push them into hardship.
While the expansion of the warm home discount to more than 6 million homes is welcome, standing charges have also risen and energy debt now exceeds £4.4 billion.
Can the Minister outline what further targeted protections are planned for vulnerable households this winter?
More broadly, what are the Government’s plans to bring down bills, especially for those on low incomes?
As the Minister for Energy Consumers, I am totally focused on how we bring bills down.
Ofgem has already released information about how it will be providing a low standing charge tariff from January.
We will also publish the warm homes plan before the end of the year.
The warm home discount, which I encourage my hon.
Friend to encourage her constituents to apply for, is providing additional support to 2.7 million households.
This week a conservation charity has indicated that the creep of wind farms in Scotland—17 million trees have been cut down to provide for them—is destroying the highlands, while in England 5% of prime agricultural land is to be used for renewable energy projects at a time when we produce only 60% of our food.
Does the Secretary of State not recognise that his policy is destroying tourist areas, will make us more dependent on foreign imports for food, and will put up electricity prices?
There is a two-decade disagreement between the right hon.
Gentleman and me on these issues.
The biggest threat to the countryside is the climate crisis.
That is why this Government are tackling it.
While the Leader of the Opposition is rubbishing contracts for difference and calling for them to be scrapped, the Government are getting on with the job of increasing renewable energy, generating energy security and delivering jobs across the country.
Will the Minister reaffirm his support for contracts for difference, and will he seek to work with industry to provide long-term clarity by setting out a timescale for the future auction rounds?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: allocation round 6 delivered a record number of renewables projects, and the jobs and investments that go with them will deliver jobs in constituencies throughout the country, including hers.
We have reformed the scheme to ensure that allocation round 7 is a success, at a good price for consumers, and also that it delivers not only value for money but the clarity and investment for renewables projects that are essential to our energy security and to future investment.
Will the Minister confirm that there is now a timetable to ensure that everyone who has a radio teleswitch meter will have it replaced without losing their electricity, heating or hot water?
Since taking up my post four weeks ago, I have been dealing with the issue of radio teleswitch.
I am more than happy to meet the right hon.
Member to discuss the plans, and will soon be organising a roundtable with Members on both sides of the House to discuss them further.
Before we start the statements, I want to say a few words about our former colleague Lord Campbell of Pittenweem—better known to us as Ming—who died during the conference recess.
Ming was universally liked and respected across the House, regardless of people’s party allegiance.