I have just finished chairing a meeting of the Housing, Communities and Local Government Committee.
One issue that we discussed was decent home standards.
Emissions from homes is another key area that we need to bear down on, given the Government’s priority of improving minimum energy performance certificate standards by 2030.
I appreciate that the Minister has been in post for only a few weeks, but what discussions has she had with colleagues in the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government to ensure that the private rented sector database will contain information on EPC ratings, so that all our residents can live in warm, secure and safe homes?
Homes and home standards are absolutely key to decarbonisation for a variety of reasons, including the health benefits for residents.
We will consult on the warm homes plan, and the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Inverclyde and Renfrewshire West (Martin McCluskey) , spoke about the warm home discount earlier.
We are working with MHCLG on bringing forward the future home standard.
A major gap in our ability to make progress in reducing emissions is the disconnect—both literally and figuratively—between small renewable energy schemes and the communities in which they are situated.
I think in particular of the Coniston hydro scheme, which faces resilience and sustainability issues relating to the removal of rocks.
Is the answer to this not the creation of local energy markets to reduce the gap between service users and energy producers?
Will the Government back the urgent delivery of P441 to make local energy markets a reality, save Coniston hydro scheme and service the local community?
In this role, there are a lot of acronyms.
I have to say that I did not know P441 until I sat on this Bench, but I understand from my colleagues that we are looking into that.
We support local community projects, and we will be looking at that project and will come back to the hon.
Member on P441.
What steps his Department is taking to support breweries to reduce carbon emissions.
We want to make sure that businesses benefit from our clean energy mission, especially those in vital industries such as brewing.
Our forthcoming carbon budget and growth  delivery plan and our refreshed industrial decarbonisation strategy will help to provide further clarity for such businesses, including on how we intend to support them to electrify.
One of the many brands of Woking-based Asahi is Cornish Orchards, which has recently decarbonised and cut its emissions by 94% by investing in renewable energy.
Does the Minister agree that that is exactly the sort of innovation we need?
What further steps will his Department take to ensure that the brewing industry can decarbonise and use renewable electricity a lot more than it does currently?
I commend Asahi, which I know is an important employer in the hon.
Member’s constituency, for its work on decarbonisation and also for being my favourite Japanese beer.
In a previous life, I worked as a fitter’s mate in a brewery, and I know how difficult it is to decarbonise the process there.
Maybe it is something I should learn more about, and I would be very happy to come along to Asahi if I were invited.
What steps he is taking to support green energy companies to build onshore wind turbines.
The Government have published an onshore wind strategy to remove barriers to help companies build more onshore wind, with actions across several areas including planning, aviation, workforce and routes to market.
The UK is committed to growing our wind energy manufacturing capacity, but this requires investment in innovation to develop the next generation of products that could be made in the UK, using expertise that exists in places like my constituency of Isle of Wight West.