Ming always had a story and they were genuinely fascinating.
His legal career has been mentioned.
There was one particular story that I liked, because it showed his quick wit and his ability to move swiftly on his feet, which was an important ability for a KC.
He said he had been prosecuting a defendant charged with causing affray and drunken disorderly behaviour.
He put the question, “How much had you drunk?”
Apparently, the defendant said, “Oh, only eight or nine pints.”
He paused and said, “Are you meaning to tell this court that you drank a gallon of beer and you don’t consider that to be very much?”
He said that at that point, he knew he had him.
He would tell so many stories.
He was very proud of his time in San Francisco, where he trained to be a top sprinter.
He said, “Academically, it didn’t go quite as well as it should have done.
I think I just spent far too much time at the track.”
He was, as I have said, enormously respected across the world.
He was a great friend to me and a great sage.
His politics were clear, but his party allegiance did not matter when it came to important roles of state and the intellectual rigour that had to be brought to important issues.
I will miss him, and I know a great number of people in this House will miss him.
He truly was a giant of British politics.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
I had the distinction of succeeding Ming Campbell in this place.
He probably was not unhappy that I am not his current successor—he spoke so highly of his current successor—but I have to say how highly I thought of him.
I have heard so many nice stories today about his role globally, but as  the hon.
Member for North East Fife (Wendy Chamberlain)  reflected so beautifully, more important than that was that he was so highly regarded locally.
When I took over from him, it was difficult to go to any one of the 99 communities in his constituency where there was not a story or somebody who had been helped.
And at the University of St Andrews, he was an outstanding Chancellor and colleague.
I want to pay tribute to somebody who I may not have agreed with, but when we have that precious relationship between a constituency and the Member of Parliament—nobody better replicated that in his day-to-day work.
I want to pay tribute to a European and an internationalist, but more than that an outstanding local representative.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
I wish to add my words of tribute to my friend, Ming Campbell.
He had an impact on me long before I met him.
The first general election I was active in was 1987.
No offence to any other Liberal MP at the time—none of them are present here—but I was very impressed with Ming Campbell.
He struck me as not being like other Liberal MPs: he looked like he could actually run the country. [
Laughter.]
He had gravitas.
I am pretty sure that is what I said to my mother in the early hours of, I think,  12 June 1987 , when he gained North East Fife from the  Conservatives: “You look the real deal.
You look incredibly competent.”
And of course, in the years that followed, he demonstrated that.
We have talked about the Iraq war.
What Ming Campbell did—yes, applying his legal expertise and insight into international law as well as the law of this land—was to make the connection, in what is often thought of as the esoteric business of human rights, that human rights are about human duties.
They are about making sure that nobody is above the law—no Prime Minister and no President.