He was a sincere Unionist, an avowed Scot and a true parliamentarian.
I would like to take this moment to pass on our respects for his life and pay tribute to his legacy.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
I am sure that Ming would have been delighted with the tributes paid to him today by the Prime Minister, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston and Surbiton (Ed Davey)  and many others.
Just as importantly, I think Elspeth would have been equally delighted.
She would have been raising a glass of champagne in celebration.
Ming is remembered as a brilliant and successful athlete and an accomplished, distinguished advocate.
He was a real fixture in this House, utterly authoritative on foreign policy and defence matters for more than two decades.
Less well remembered is the fact that it took him three elections and a decade to be elected to represent Fife, a seat he then held for 28 years.
He was, therefore, sympathetic and hugely supportive of my similarly numerous efforts to win in Wokingham.
For all that patrician charm he deployed to win over judges in court, he was also a savvy street campaigner his opponents underestimated at their peril.
On one of his many visits to Wokingham, a local journalist asked him why he visited so often.
He replied, “I have invested so much in this young man”—it was only 10 years ago!—“that I am determined to see him succeed.”
He was delighted when that investment paid off last July.
Ming was very generous with his time and his advice.
He was a warm and generous friend to me and my family, to many colleagues and to the many, many friends he made in Wokingham along the way.
He will be fondly remembered by everybody who knew him well and, by wide agreement, as being probably one of the nicest people to ever lead a political party in the UK.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
It is an honour to follow the tributes of so many across the House.
Ming Campbell was an inspiration to me and to many others who admired his integrity, courtesy and tenacity.
I am lucky to have known Ming all my life, and I know how much his death will be felt by his family and the many friends who loved him.
I share their grief.
Ming’s athletic achievement showed a man determined to work hard and make sacrifices to push himself to the limits.
His international success has already been mentioned, but I remember him—in his mid-40s at that point—saying with some feeling that the annual school sports day had become a major focus, since he was the one the other dads wanted to beat in the fathers’ race.
Behind that gracious façade was a true competitor.
Ming was of that remarkable generation of Glasgow University debaters from all parties who strove for a better society.
Across a lifetime in politics, he maintained close friendships with those of other parties, yet he was clear on his politics.
Ming’s tenacity was shown in his dedication to Scottish liberalism, working hard to win the North East Fife seat at his fifth general election.
Ming served our party for many years as foreign affairs spokesperson.
With his distinctive eloquent delivery and his disarming courtesy, Ming could easily be underestimated by some as an orator, not an actor, yet his principled approach to the Iraq war demonstrated his courage and steel.
He did not shirk from doing the right thing.
For Ming, international liberalism was not an abstract ideal but a set of practical moral obligations.
As we say goodbye to a much-loved parliamentarian, we also remember a private man.
Ming’s marriage to Elspeth was the anchor of his life.
The last time I saw Ming he spoke with love and feeling about Elspeth.