In short, Ming brought courtesy, style, courage and grace to public life to the benefit of society as a whole.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
I would also like to pay tribute to Ming Campbell, whom I met personally in later years, but whose political influence has hung over my entire adult life.
As an 18-year-old student at the University of Glasgow, I heard about these three great figures of British politics who had studied together and been great friends: Donald Dewar, who became the first First Minister of Scotland; John Smith, whose legacy as leader of the Labour party is well respected; and, of course, Ming Campbell.
I found that his persona, his influence, his attitude to politics and his integrity influenced me.
It was one of the things that pulled me towards the Liberal party, as it then was.
The first time I came across Ming personally was years later, about a year after he had stepped down as leader.
When I made my maiden speech to the Scottish conference, I discovered that I was speaking on a motion proposed by Ming Campbell, which was, of course—this will come as no surprise to many—about RAF Leuchars, its future and what we needed to do to defend it.
That was a thread that ran through.
In 2017, when I was standing in Edinburgh West, Ming came to launch my campaign—in fact, he helped me up on to a chair so that everybody could see me.
He was there to be supportive.
I learned a lot about his kindness and thoughtfulness a few weeks later, when my husband died and Ming took the time to take me aside and make sure I was okay and that I had the support I needed to get through the campaign.
Most of all, though, I enjoyed my chats with Ming on a Monday in the departure lounge at Edinburgh airport.
He always had a tale to tell, and he always had a kind word about my column in The Scotsman.
My team in the office were endlessly amused by how pleased I was that Ming Campbell had even read my column, never mind agreed with it.
Ming was, in many ways, with the integrity, kindness and thoughtfulness that everyone has spoken about, an example that we should all aspire to and try to live up to.
There is a certain restaurant in Pimlico, which I am sure my colleagues are aware of, that many of us were introduced to by Ming Campbell.
I am sure we think of him every time we go there, as I think we will the next time we go.
We may make a point of going there and raising a glass to someone who was an example not just of what we should be, but perhaps of what the world needs now more than ever among its politicians.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
I think it is appropriate that on behalf of the Democratic Unionist party, and indeed on behalf of all Northern Ireland parliamentarians, I extend our condolences to the Liberal Democrats and to the colleagues who knew Mr Campbell better than I did.
I first came across Sir Ming when I was at school,  and he became leader of his party when I was at university.
It was not his prowess, his intelligence or his ability to launch an argument that struck me, but his name: Ming.
I knew of no other Mings than Ming the Merciless— [Laughter]—and yet we got to know Ming the Merciful.
We got to know Ming the politician, who stood and achieved the respect of colleagues right across this House.
He was a sincere Unionist, an avowed Scot and a true parliamentarian.
I would like to take this moment to pass on our respects for his life and pay tribute to his legacy.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.