By prioritising partnerships with schools, we will help to protect their budgets.
I draw the Secretary of State’s attention to schools in Maidenhead, and specifically Furze Platt senior school—where I happen to be a governor—which recently partnered with MaidEnergy to install solar panels on the school’s building, thereby doing right by its budgets and by the environment, and setting a great example for the students taught there.
I congratulate the hon.
Gentleman on being a school governor and on the work the school is doing.
We can talk about the tangible benefits, but the wider point is that young people want us to act on these issues, and that is part of having an education system that teaches them about the benefits of moving towards clean energy.
When I go into schools, there is massive enthusiasm for that kind of initiative.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of his Department’s net zero policies on the manufacturing industry.
I am delighted that my first outing at the Dispatch Box is to answer a question from my hon.
Friend, and on a topic that we have worked on so much over the past year.
We on the Labour side know that net zero is the greatest economic opportunity of our generation.
Unlike the previous Conservative Government, which allowed industry to wither, we do not accept that decarbonisation means deindustrialisation.
Through our modern industrial strategy, we are working with business to help it to invest, grow and meet our climate ambition.
I congratulate the Minister on his well-deserved elevation to the Front Bench.
He has worked quite hard with the ceramic sector on this issue.
Energy-intensive industries, such as ceramics, are at the mercy of an international gas market over which very few countries have direct control, but one of the things that could help is looking at electricity costs.
May I therefore encourage the Minister, in his new role, to consider expanding eligibility for the supercharger scheme so that energy-intensive industries, such as ceramics, can benefit from the support available until the supercharger scheme comes online in 2027?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point about the scope of the supercharger, which we are going to look at in 2026.
He will be aware that some parts of the ceramics supply chain can access the supercharger, but I too am concerned about the impacts of high energy costs on the ceramics sector.
I will meet the head of Ceramics UK this month, I am chairing a meeting of the Energy Intensive Users Group, and I look forward to further engagement with the sector in the new year.
I welcome the Minister to his place.
Talking about industry, the Lindsey oil refinery in Lincolnshire is in receivership and is currently being sold, but thousands and thousands  of jobs are at risk and the workers there are desperately concerned that the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero and the official receiver are not running a proper process, frustrating potential bidders for the whole site.
Will the Minister, in his new job, commit to helping ensure that the whole site is sold to a successful bidder?
The hon.
Member said that thousands and thousands of jobs are at risk in this country; they are at risk from the climate-denying policies of Reform.
The Institution of Chemical Engineers reported last week that there are 800,000 jobs in the green economy in this country—thousands and thousands in the constituencies of every single Member in this House—and the hon.
Member’s party is putting that investment at risk.
I call the shadow Minister.
How many jobs have to be sacrificed on the altar of this Secretary of State’s vainglorious eco-zealotry before the Government acknowledge the utter destruction of the UK’s industrial base that is being wreaked by policies driven by an out-of-touch green lobby that has captured what is laughably still called the Department for Energy Security?