Is it true to say that it will be triple the number in the old economy?
Hundreds of thousands of jobs will come from the clean power revolution.
That is why it is so important that we push ahead with it and do not adopt the tactics of the Conservative party, or their friends on the Back Benches.
We need to push ahead with clean power in order to unlock those hundreds of thousands of jobs across the country.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I welcome the new Ministers to the Front Bench.
On the first day of recess, away from scrutiny, the Labour party published the prices for its allocation round 7 of the renewables auction.
Labour used to say that renewables were nine times cheaper, but the prices that the Secretary of State has said he is willing to pay are 40% higher than the current cost of electricity—they are the highest prices in a decade—and he has extended the contract length to 20 years.
Those are not just the prices that we will be paying; they are the prices that our children will be paying.
Will the Minister explain how locking us into higher prices for longer will cut bills by £300?
The right hon.
Lady’s comparison is absolute nonsense, and she knows it.
She compares the cost of building and operating new renewables, which is what the contract for difference relates to, with the cost of operating—not building—gas plants.
Once we make a fair comparison, the truth is that renewables are cheaper to build.
We will take no lessons on energy policy from the Conservative party, which abandoned its commitment to clean energy at its party conference.
What steps Great British Energy is taking to help public services use more renewable energy.
What steps Great British Energy is taking to help public services use more renewable energy.
What steps Great British Energy is taking to help public services use more renewable energy.
Earlier this month, Great British Energy jointly funded 46 new community energy projects in Scotland, including an island solar farm, a community ice rink and a small community wind farm.
Great British Energy is also helping public services in England with their energy bills through its solar for all programme, which benefits schools and hospitals.
In this way, GBE is transferring money from the pockets of energy companies to local communities and frontline services.
Many leisure centres, such as the Tryst in Cumbernauld, which was built and opened in 1973, are desperate to decarbonise, but face huge costs and the practical challenge of retrofitting renewable technologies into older buildings.
Will my right hon.
Friend set out how Great British Energy will support vital community facilities of that kind in making the switch to clean energy, and in reducing their bills?
My hon.
Friend speaks very well about these issues.
GB Energy is already taking advantage of the huge potential of clean energy, and hundreds of schools, hospitals and NHS sites across the country are already benefiting.
The statement of strategic priorities made it clear that GBE will work collaboratively and in partnership with Scottish public bodies and the Scottish Government to increase investment in the local community energy sector in Scotland.
Organisations such as my hon.
Friend’s leisure centre sound like ideal candidates.
Thanks to Great British Energy and this Government, Queen’s hospital in Burton will get solar panels, which will save the trust money that can be ploughed directly into the frontline and be spent on patients.
Does the Secretary of State agree that there is significant opportunity to expand that programme to other public buildings, and is he exploring that with his Department?
My hon.
Friend is right, and I hope that the massive expansion to schools and hospitals that we have already ensured in 15 months is welcomed across the House.
They did not need GBE to do it.
The hon.