It is important that we have robust protections in place for consumers so that they have confidence when installing these measures.
The warm homes plan will address that, including through the consumer protections that we will outline as part of it.
The CBI says that one of the best routes to bringing down bills and delivering growth is investing in clean power jobs, including the 8,800 such jobs that we currently have in Tees Valley—a number that is scaling up every year.
Does the Secretary of State agree that investing in these industries is one of the best ways to redevelop our region and to deliver jobs and growth years into the future?
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
Hundreds of thousands of jobs will come as a result of our sprint to clean power by 2030, not just in his constituency but across the entire country.
What will not take us to those hundreds of thousands of jobs is the Conservative party abandoning its commitment to the Climate Change Act 2008.
From hug a husky to burning the Climate Change Act—that is not the transition that we expected.
I call the spokesperson for the Liberal Democrat party.
I welcome the new Ministers to their place—I look forward to working with them—and I congratulate the Secretary of State and the Minister for Energy on holding on to their posts, which we are glad to see.
One of the best ways to bring down household bills is to help homeowners and small businesses make their properties cheaper to warm and to power.
The Liberal Democrats have put forward a plan to do that by introducing a windfall tax on the big banks, which have seen billions of pounds in unexpected profits as a result of the quantitative easing programme by the Bank of England more than a decade ago.
Does the Secretary of State agree with the Liberal Democrats that we should instead use those excess profits to fund green affordable loans of up to £20,000 for households and up to £50,000 for businesses and community groups, and cut people’s power bills for good?
Having been in this job for only four and half weeks, I am always in the market for good ideas, whichever part of the House they come from.
The £13.2 billion warm homes plan will do exactly what the hon.
Lady wants us to do—safely insulating homes and getting people to take the action we need them to take to achieve clean power 2030.
Importantly, the plan will create homes, businesses and properties that are warm and affordable, powered by sustainable clean energy.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Since the last oral questions in July, we have reached a final investment decision for Sizewell C, creating 10,000 jobs, and surpassed the historic milestone of approving enough clean power for 7.5 million homes after just 15 months of this Government.
From next month, nearly 6 million families will receive £150 off their energy bills through the warm home discount.
That is what it means to deliver on our clean power mission.
The National Energy System Operator is currently assessing whether tidal range technology can help us meet our clean power mission.
In Fleetwood, we have a huge opportunity for a tidal range project, which could bring desperately needed jobs and investment.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss that opportunity and the outcome of the report, to ensure that Blackpool North and Fleetwood feels the benefits of the Government’s clean power energy mission?
My hon.
Friend raises the important issue of tidal energy.
I am very aware of the assessment that NESO is conducting—obviously, our Department is working with it on that assessment.
The Minister for Energy chairs the marine energy taskforce, and is happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.