I call the shadow Minister.
This Government are locked in a doom loop of inertia, and everyone is talking about it.
Just this week, the National Infrastructure Commission said that the Government are taking too long, need to move faster, and that greater urgency is required.
The CBI report that the Secretary of State mentioned says that
“strong future growth from green businesses is being put at risk”.
Labour’s national wealth fund will crowd in private investment and create thousands of good jobs for plumbers, engineers, electricians and welders.
Is blowing our advantage and losing the race for the industries of the future part of the Government’s plan, or do they just not have one?
I thank the hon.
Lady for having the chutzpah to attempt that question.
If she would like to talk about uncertainty on investment plans, she need only look at those on the Benches behind her, who have performed the most extraordinary flip-flop on that.
We have delivered the second highest cumulative amount of recorded low-carbon investment across Europe over the past five years.
If she will meet representatives of Adfree Cities to discuss high-carbon advertising.
The Advertising Standards Authority is responsible for regulating advertising in the UK across traditional forms of media, and it takes environmental issues seriously.
I encourage the hon.
Gentleman to approach the ASA directly with that request, as it operates independently of Government.
I call Barry Sheerman.
Thank you for waking me up, Mr Speaker.
The Adfree Cities campaign is very significant.
Most of us have seen flashing coloured screens proliferate in our towns and cities, and much more densely in other countries, such as France and Germany.
Not only do these screens use a lot of energy and electricity, but they are very invasive of people’s dwellings.
Can we be very careful about the proliferation of those screens?
As I said, the ASA would be the key people to go to.
Companies in the sector are, and should be, mindful of their net zero obligations.
They are looking into making commitments to source all their electricity from renewable sources, which is a solid thing to do, as well as using digital technologies to minimise energy usage.
The Net Zero Council is producing road maps for all industry sectors across the economy, to encourage businesses to do everything they can to minimise their environmental impact.
What steps she is taking to help reduce the price of fuel at petrol stations.
Last week, we launched a consultation, closing on  12 March , on requiring petrol stations to report a change in price within 30 minutes.
Pumpwatch will enable drivers to make informed decisions on where to buy fuel and will reignite competition.
I thank the Minister for her answer, but my constituents in Stafford remain concerned about the price of fuel, particularly given the pressures on their household budgets.
I welcome the fact that the price of a tank of fuel is lower than it was when prices were at their peak, but what is she doing to ensure that my constituents get the best price for their fuel?
We are committed to making sure that consumers get a fair deal.
That is why fuel retailers must remain transparent and not overcharge drivers.
The Pumpwatch consultation will require all petrol stations to report prices within 30 minutes of their changing.
That will enable tech companies to develop new ways for UK drivers to search for the cheapest fuel.
In rural communities across Devon, people feel the pressure of high fuel costs.
The cost of fuel in towns such as Honiton is almost 20p a litre higher than at petrol stations just 30 miles away.
What steps will the Government take to ensure fairness, and to introduce rural fuel duty relief of the sort that we already have in some parts of north Devon?
Pumpwatch will help with those things, but it is unacceptable for any fuel retailer to overcharge drivers.