The cost of fuel in towns such as Honiton is almost 20p a litre higher than at petrol stations just 30 miles away.
What steps will the Government take to ensure fairness, and to introduce rural fuel duty relief of the sort that we already have in some parts of north Devon?
Pumpwatch will help with those things, but it is unacceptable for any fuel retailer to overcharge drivers.
That is why the Secretary of State held a roundtable in December with fuel retailers to make it clear that we expect them to pass on savings to consumers when prices fall.
What recent steps she has taken to help improve the energy efficiency of homes.
I pay tribute to the hon.
Member for her committed work to support her constituents living in rural areas.
We have a proud record of energy efficiency.
We are encouraging, rather than forcing, people to make the right choices, and we pushed back the ban on gas boilers while increasing the boiler upgrade scheme to £7,500, which is one of the most generous grants in Europe.
There are 1,858 listed properties in North Shropshire, according to the Listed Property Owners Club, and 24 conservation areas across our historical market towns and villages.
That means that there is a large number of buildings that owners find it difficult to upgrade to make them energy-efficient.
What conversations has the Minister had with her colleagues in the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities and the Department for Culture, Media and Sport on enabling people to bring those homes into the 21st century and make them energy-efficient?
The hon.
Member makes a good point.
We have those consultations across Departments, and local authorities in rural areas in England are eligible for grants.
I can give my assurance that we have those cross-government meetings.
Many off-grid homes across Cornwall cannot convert to energy-efficient heating schemes without incurring huge costs.
One option for them is to use hydro-treated vegetable oil.
Can the Minister lay out what plans the Government have to support those using renewable liquid heating fuels, and will she back the campaign by our excellent candidate for Camborne and Redruth, Connor Donnithorne, to axe the tax on HVOs?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that point.
We have begun developing a consultation on the role of renewable liquid fuels in heat.
We expect Department for Energy Security and Net Zero Ministers to receive detailed information on the shape of the consultation in the coming weeks, and aim to publish in the summer of 2024.
When she plans to publish the second consultation on the review of electricity market arrangements.
The Government plan to publish the second consultation imminently.
It will set out a clear direction on how the GB electricity market arrangements will evolve to keep electricity bills as low as possible for consumers of all types.
There are two questions that my constituents ask me most frequently: when will we see cheaper electricity from renewables, and when people in  areas such as mine, which host a lot of renewable production, benefit from cheaper prices, as a result of hosting that infrastructure?
The Government are moving on from our appalling inheritance in 2010 of less than 7% of our electricity coming from renewables, with that figure today up to well over 40%.
Every day we add to that, we displace gas and other fossil fuels and lower bills for people, and we plan to keep that going.
We already have solar, onshore wind and other developers providing benefits to consumers, and we will come forward with plans for those hosting—
Order.
I call Sir George Howarth.
People who are considering changing their boiler struggle to find accurate information about the benefits and the costs.
Will the Minister consider issuing new guidance that makes clear both the costs and the benefits of switching to a heat pump?
It can be a complex matter.