May I ask that this fact be taken into consideration when the Government look at schemes to help people with the cost of paying their electricity bills?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
As he will know, the Government delivered over £40 billion in support last winter.
We expect the warm home discount to support around 3 million households this winter, with the final figures to be published later.
Since 2011, the warm home discount has delivered over £3.5 billion in support for eligible low-income households.
I welcome the news that Ofgem has put the price cap down by 12%, which represents a discount of about £20 for every average home.
There is one problem, though: the standing charge is still relatively high.
I know there is an open consultation, but would the Government consider transparency about the standing charge on bills so that the public understand exactly what it does?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
Clearly, it is vital that we had the call for input on the standing charges, and we await with anticipation how we will react to the over 40,000 responses that we have had so far.
I have recently been inundated with correspondence following the collapse of SSB Law, a legal firm that took thousands of defective cavity wall insulation cases to court.
It has left constituents with tens of thousands of pounds in costs that they cannot afford during an unprecedented cost of living crisis.
Can the Minister assure me that the Government  have a plan to address this scandal?
What compensation will my constituents be offered to remove faulty cavity wall insulation so that they can finally be free of its devastating consequences?
It is always awful to hear of these cases.
I will write to the hon.
Gentleman on the issue.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Defence if he will make a statement on international supplies of military equipment and ammunition to Ukraine.
The UK has been leading international support for the armed forces of Ukraine for 10 years since Russia first invaded Crimea in 2014, training more than 60,000 new recruits since 2015 and committing almost £12 billion in economic, humanitarian and military aid since 2022.
From the UK-founded, UK-administered international fund for Ukraine, which has pledged more than £900 million, to spearheading capability coalitions, our efforts have paved the way and made a genuine difference.
Our NLAW anti-tank missiles and our Javelins helped brave Ukrainians to devastate Putin’s menacing 40-mile armoured convoy, which was headed for Kyiv.
We were the first to send main battle tanks with our Challenger squadron, plus 500 armoured vehicles and 15,000 anti-armour weapons.
Last week the Defence Secretary announced to this House a new package of 200 Brimstone anti-tank missiles, plus £245 million for artillery munitions.
The UK will also co-lead an international capability coalition, alongside Latvia, to supply cutting-edge drones to Ukraine, in addition to the UK’s co-leadership of the international maritime capability coalition.
The Defence Secretary has urged partners and allies to commit to long-term support for Ukraine.
At the NATO Defence Ministers’ meeting on  15 February , the Defence Secretary and his counterparts from 14 NATO allies and Sweden signed an agreement on two new multinational procurement initiatives focusing on munitions and missiles.
Spearheaded by the UK, these initiatives aim to increase defence industrial capacity across the Euro-Atlantic area, replenish stockpiles at pace and continue support to Ukraine.
I commend the Government for their impressive record, but does the Minister accept that the equipment pledged by NATO nations is not reaching Ukraine in anything like the amounts promised?
Does he accept, for example, that less than a third of the 1 million shells promised by EU nations have arrived, that more than 300 artillery barrels will reach the end of their productive life this year, that very few pilots are being trained and that the Ukrainians are perilously short of air defence?