Friend, and very happy to discuss the opportunities that are opening up for her community and others throughout the United Kingdom.
Indeed, I have visited her constituency and observed for myself the huge enthusiasm for new nuclear, as well as the additional benefits that it can bring to the wider energy sector.
The potential loss of 2,800 jobs at Tata Steel in Port Talbot is devastating for workers and their families, with possible knock-on effects for Trostre in Llanelli.
As well as investing in the electric arc furnace, will the Government commit themselves to primary green steelmaking in the UK to preserve our security and our jobs?
The hon.
Lady should, alongside us, celebrate the £500 million that the Government are contributing as part of an overall £1.25 billion investment in the modernisation of steel production at Port Talbot through, for instance, the electric arc furnace.
Government and industry will also invest £100 million in skills to ensure that there are thousands of jobs for the future, and that we reduce emissions as well.
Will my hon.
Friend reaffirm the Government’s commitment to develop four operational CCUS clusters, including Acorn in my constituency, by the end of the decade?
Will my colleagues in the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero make representations to His Majesty’s Treasury to bring forward the financial investment decisions at the soonest opportunity?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend, and he is absolutely right: CCUS has such an important role, and we are committed to those four clusters.
As we announced in March last year, we have delivered £20 billion of investment to make sure that we carry on with the transformation and decarbonisation of this country that was so woefully lacking when we took power in 2010.
Last week the former Prime Minister,  the right hon.
Member for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss) , shared a platform with an extremist, far-right, climate change-denying conspiracy theorist called Steve Bannon, who claimed that man-made global warming is a “manufactured crisis”.
Will the  Secretary of State condemn those crazy comments and perhaps distance herself from the former Prime Minister?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
What he should look at carefully is that the UK is the first country in the G20 to halve emissions.
If he wants to look at our record, he should look at that.
It is absolutely extraordinary that no one on the Opposition Benches has welcomed that news today.
National Grid’s Grimsby to Walpole project will see pylons driven across Lincolnshire’s beautiful landscapes and will take major chunks of some of this country’s best agricultural land out of production.
Does the Secretary of State agree that it is vital that residents respond to the consultation that is currently going on, and that National Grid should be told to take into consideration food security as well as energy security when it considers such applications?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
As he will know, I cannot comment on a specific proposal.
We need to rewire this country in order to have homegrown energy.
That means hosting new infrastructure, with the presumption that it is above ground and done in a way that minimises negative impacts on food security, which I am confident that any proposals that come forward will do.
Let us make no mistake: we must rewire this country.
We must power the UK more from this country, clean up our energy and reduce our dependence on foreign fossil fuels.
Every single winter, the village of Altnaharra in Sutherland is the coldest community in the whole of the United Kingdom.
Some parts of the United Kingdom are colder than others—that is geography.
May I ask that this fact be taken into consideration when the Government look at schemes to help people with the cost of paying their electricity bills?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.