It is designed to deal with cases where a landlord attempts to frustrate a right to manage claim by procedural means.
I am grateful to Mark Loveday of Tanfield Chambers —perhaps the leading authority on service charges and right to manage practice in Britain—for his help in drafting the new clause.
By Mr Loveday’s count, of the Law Commission’s 101 recommendations on right to manage, fewer than five have been specifically adopted by the Government in the Bill.
A whole industry has emerged since Labour introduced the 2002 Act, which brought right to manage into existence, whereby freeholders seek to find minor technical errors by leaseholders to scupper genuine—and otherwise valid—right to manage claims.
Since right to manage is a no-fault regime, Parliament never intended for it to be an invitation to litigation by deep-pocketed freeholders and their army of lawyers.
As Mr Loveday notes, the 2002 Act’s right to manage does have “traps for the unwary”, and
“the single most important problem with the right to manage, namely its procedural complexity”,
with
“these problems…famous among property lawyers”,
having
“notoriously led to litigation on a truly industrial scale.”
I urge the Minister to look again at new clause 18 in the other place and adopt such a pragmatic amendment, which would enable a tribunal to waive minor procedural mistakes by leaseholders where it deems that just and convenient.
Since 2002, we have also had the Grenfell Tower tragedy, which has exposed the rotten culture of residential construction in this country.
Members should wonder why it is that over 11,000 tower blocks are reckoned to have fire safety defects, no fire-stopping in building voids, a lack of compartmentation, combustible cladding and inadequate fire doors that leave the residents at the mercy of landlords, who literally go to the other side of the world to avoid having to pay for remediation.
Residents are subject to unfair service charges and find themselves prisoners trapped in their own homes, unable to sell up and move on with their lives.
This unjust system leeches off ordinary people and shames us.
This is the only remaining country in the world where residential leasehold is the default tenure for apartment living.
A person’s home should not be a source of misery to them and one of unjust enrichment to others.
We are talking about the lives of 5 million people who need to be freed from their feudal burden.
That brings me to new clause 19, which seeks to restore the intent of the section 20 major works regime in the 2002 Act to what it was prior to the Daejan ruling.
The Minister was good enough in Committee to confess that he was unaware of the ruling and said that he would study it with his officials.
Yesterday, I received a letter from him on some of the points I raised in Committee.
He admitted that since Daejan,
“the vast majority of applications for dispensation are brought by the landlord.”
However, he went on to say:
“regardless of which party makes the application, the landlord will have to persuade the tribunal that dispensation should be granted, and it will be for the leaseholders to evidence that they have suffered prejudice”.
He said:
“I recognise your concerns that leaseholders have to evidence prejudice, but only they are able to do so.
Once that threshold has been met, the burden is on the landlord to rebut the impact the prejudice has had on the leaseholders.”
He concluded:
“the consequence is that an application to the tribunal is not merely rubber stamping the landlord’s request.”
I fundamentally disagree.