Such cases come up time and again with leasehold and they do not get fixed in the tribunal.
Amendment 1 would give precedent.
It was  1 December 1998 .
I had been an MP for one year and seven months to the day, and I was chained to the railings of College Green by 200 cheering leaseholders.
Thankfully, they were friendly.
It was to illustrate that leaseholders felt that they are were prison.
Those were the days before social media, and it was a photo op.
The BBC ran the headline, “Leaseholders demand more control”.
They still do.
Since then, we have had the Commonhold and Leasehold Reform Act 2022, which was an attempt to resolve some of the problems, such as forfeiture of a person’s home for a failure to pay a small service charge, the ground rent grazers charging money for no service and moneys not being held in trust in sinking funds.
It is strange that after 25 years, these should be the very areas that yet another Bill on leasehold reform is pretending and failing to solve.
I say “failing”, because that is the reason I rise to support new clause 5, tabled by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Greenwich and Woolwich (Matthew Pennycook) .
It is ridiculous that a landlord can take away a person’s home worth hundreds of thousands of pounds for a simple failure to pay a minor service charge amounting to a couple of hundred pounds and where there is a dispute over whether the service was even provided.
That is why I tabled new clause 16 about moneys being held in trust, which would implement a provision of the 2002 Act that has never been brought into force.
We heard in Committee that the policy had strong support from stakeholders, including spokespeople for the Property Institute and the Leasehold Advisory Service.
Even the British Property Federation has campaigned for this provision of the 2002 Act to come into force, yet it is not here in the Bill.
Of course, 2002 was a time when nobody had even predicted the new rentier practices that freeholders and developers have since invented to extract money from homeowners for the privilege of living in their own homes: the scandals of leasehold houses; the repeated doublings of ground rents; and the inclusion of commercial areas and shared services in any development to stop any hope of residents exercising their right to manage.
New clause 17 would ensure that leaseholders in mixed-use buildings could take advantage of the Government’s policies to lift the 25% non-residential premises cap to  50%, and to have mandatory leasebacks on expensive commercial premises.
Unless that new clause—or a version of it—is adopted, few leaseholders in mixed-use buildings will be able collectively to enfranchise under the Bill, which would be a travesty.
If the Government do not decisively address the structural dependency rules not only for enfranchisement but for right to manage, property developers will simply sidestep the new 50% non-residential premises limit by designing mixed-use blocks with shared services, connecting flats to commercial premises by an umbilical cord to deny leaseholders their rights.
Indeed, articles from leading law firms explain how developers can build sites to ensure that blocks can never be eligible for collective enfranchisement and right to manage.
New clause 18 would provide the appropriate tribunal with the discretion to dispense with certain procedural requirements where it is satisfied that is reasonable to do.
It is designed to deal with cases where a landlord attempts to frustrate a right to manage claim by procedural means.
I am grateful to Mark Loveday of Tanfield Chambers —perhaps the leading authority on service charges and right to manage practice in Britain—for his help in drafting the new clause.
By Mr Loveday’s count, of the Law Commission’s 101 recommendations on right to manage, fewer than five have been specifically adopted by the Government in the Bill.