Once that threshold has been met, the burden is on the landlord to rebut the impact the prejudice has had on the leaseholders.”
He concluded:
“the consequence is that an application to the tribunal is not merely rubber stamping the landlord’s request.”
I fundamentally disagree.
Sue Bright, professor of land law at Oxford University, has been conducting research into this area, and argues as follows:
“The importance attached to the consultation requirements is evidenced by the fact that if the landlord fails to conduct the statutory consultation it is prevented (in the current form of the consultation provisions) from recovering more than £250 from an individual tenant in relation to those works.
Seemingly, this provides a very strong incentive to comply with the requirements but the protection offered was seriously weakened by the Supreme Court decision in Daejan Investment Properties Ltd v Benson.
Lord Neuberger said that the consultation requirements are a means to an end rather than an end in themselves.
He sees the provisions as playing a supporting role in achieving (only) the end goal of consumer protection secured by section 19 of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1985, that is, protecting tenants from unreasonable service charges.
An alternative vision, supported by the dissenting judgment of Lord Wilson, acknowledges that consultation is an important end in itself.
This recognises that consultation has an inherent value.
Further it is in keeping both with the tenor of the new building safety regime that promotes fuller engagement with leaseholders and residents, and the thrust of contemporary government policy towards providing consumer protection to leaseholders.”
Her findings are grim for supporters of leaseholders and a sense of fair play.
She says:
“In all of the fire safety cases reviewed for this article dispensation was granted, at least in part, and, with a few exceptions, the overwhelming majority were granted unconditionally even when the FTT”—
the first-tier tribunal—
“was critical of the way in which the applicant had managed things.”
I also thank Dr Howard Soper, another academic who helped draft the amendment, who was appalled by the number of successful dispensations won by freeholders that he found in his study of first-tier tribunal decisions.
I urge the Minister to think again, because this cuts to one of the most fundamental injustices that we have seen in leasehold apartments in recent years—those individuals trapped in buildings with fire safety defects.
This Bill is the first set of reforms to the leasehold tenure in 22 years.
The test that I set the then Labour Administration was a simple one.
I said:
“What we want is for leaseholders to be able to take control over their own lives without landlords being able to say when you have a new roof, how much you pay for it, who does it, when it’s going to happen.
You should be able to decide that for yourself in your own home.”
The proposals in front of us today do not liberate leaseholders.
The Secretary of State himself has said:
“I don’t believe leasehold is fair in any way.
It is an outdated feudal system that needs to go.
And we need to move to a better system and to liberate people from it.”
He was right.
This Bill does not do that.
It will be left to a future Labour Government.
Before we begin today’s proceedings, I should like to express my sadness on behalf of the House at the death of two former Members.
Ronnie Campbell served as Member for Blyth Valley from 1987 to 2019.
He was a kind and generous man, well liked in all parts of the House, and a powerful advocate for his constituents and his principles.
There is also the tragic news of the death of Lord Cormack, who was a Member of this House for 40 years, from 1970 to 2010.
He was an eminent historian of Parliament, as well as editor and then president of The House magazine.