I have regular meetings with stakeholders, charities and different organisations.
Undoubtedly, we are making sure that people have support through, as I have mentioned, the warm home discount, the energy price cap and lots of other payments, such as the cost of living payment of £900 per annum.
Talking of fuel poverty, the boiler tax results in consumers paying an extra £150 when they purchase a new boiler.
Does the Minister agree that it is now time to ditch these unworkable and unaffordable net zero policies and let the British people decide how to heat their homes and what cars to drive so that they can keep more of their own money?
No decision has yet been taken on that, but we have a commitment to ensure that we get the very best deal for all our constituents.
I call the shadow Minister.
A year ago, the then Energy Secretary said that if suppliers had wrongly installed prepayment meters in any home, they would have to recompense their customers for the way they had behaved.
One year later, can the Minister tell the House how many individuals who had a prepayment meter wrongly installed have had compensation, how many are yet to receive it and, of those still waiting, when they will get the compensation?
One thing on which we can all agree across the House is that it was absolutely abhorrent that people had prepayment meters forced on them.
We are working our way through the compensation, but I can assure Members that we are doing everything we can to ensure that, when prepayment meters are installed, we are doing exactly the right thing to make sure that everybody is kept safe.
I asked the Minister three questions but did not get an answer to any of them.
Perhaps she can put the figures in the House of Commons Library, because she clearly does not have a clue what they are.
More than 3 million households are in debt to their energy suppliers and almost 10 million households are living in cold, damp and poorly insulated homes.
The Great British insulation scheme is proving to be a great Tory insulation fiasco.
Will the Minister tell me why the insulation scheme is proving to be such a disaster?
We have taken great steps to support people.
For example, last winter we gave unprecedented support to households and businesses.
Of course, debt is a major concern, and I have regular meetings with stakeholders to ensure that we are doing the very best not only to get people out of debt, but to prevent them getting into debt in the first place.
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on delivering new nuclear power stations.
What steps she is taking to increase nuclear energy capacity.
What steps she is taking to increase nuclear energy capacity.
What steps she is taking to increase nuclear energy capacity.
The civil nuclear road map reconfirmed the Government’s ambition to deploy up to 24 GW of nuclear power by 2050.
It sets out plans to make investment decisions about 3 GW to 7 GW every five years between 2030 and 2044.
I thank the Minister for his answer.
New nuclear holds the key not only to ensuring energy security but to creating thousands of high-skilled, well-paid jobs in the areas where it is located, but too often the planning process can take years, even on sites where there is long-established nuclear use.
Has he discussed with ministerial colleagues what can be done to shorten that process significantly?
I can confirm that I have had those conversations, and the Government are exploring the potential for reducing regulatory burdens for the consenting and licensing of new nuclear power stations without impacting safety, security or environmental protections.
We are also looking to introduce a range of other streamlining measures, including the action plan for reform, which sets out reforms to the nationally significant infrastructure projects regime.