New clause 2 is about the fact that although we have leasehold legislation, it does not tally with our consumer legislation.
Leaseholders pay a service charge.
They have a contract with freehold management companies to oversee problems in their properties, but few residents feel empowered to access rights that exist under the Consumer Rights Act 2015 to have a reasonable service within a reasonable timeframe for repairs.
Today, colleagues across the House have given countless examples of that, so let me add my own, which is where my proposed new clause has come from.
I am sorry that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lewisham East (Janet Daby)  is not here.
She talks about Leigh Court and new clause 67, but residents in Essex Brewery in Walthamstow have  been without hot water and heating since before Christmas.
Indeed, they are still without hot water and heating, with little sight of any change.
Essex Brewery was built just five years ago.
It has become apparent that the build by Crest Nicholson was poor at best, and a downright con at worst.
Until January this year, Crest Nicholson was on the management committee and made more than £100 million in profit in the year that Essex Brewery was built.
It has made half that this year—possibly less—because of widespread concerns about the condition of the builds it has made.
What does someone do when they have bought possibly their first home, whether through shared ownership or leasehold, as hundreds did in that development, and they find that the pipes that bring in the hot water are faulty?
I am sorry to say that those resident have little redress, because the management company, Kinleigh Folkard and Hayward—another multimillion pound organisation—left them without any explanation of why it would not repair the hot water until after Christmas.
What a Christmas present that was.
The Grinch had strong competition.
That was another layer of bureaucracy.
KFH was appointed by the Essex Brewery management company, which was established by the freeholder, Helpfavour, to meet those obligations.
KFH told the residents that because their insurance policy said that as long as they had water at all, the property was habitable and it was not going to do anything about it.
That has left hundreds of residents, many of them vulnerable, for months on end without any hot water or heating in the current weather.
Residents have had to boil kettles to get hot water to cleanse their babies, or pay bills that they cannot afford for extra heating through portable heaters.
For those who have shared ownership it is even more complicated.
Metropolitan Thames Valley states that it owns 24 of those properties and that it is prohibited by law from fixing the problem.
New clause 2 is about matching consumer legislation with leasehold legislation, and giving residents the right of redress, not saying, “You’ve either got to buy out the leaseholders if you want some property control, or you are stuck with them and waiting to see.”
I hope KFH hears this debate and is ashamed of its behaviour.
Amendment 1 is about leasehold tribunals.
I know the Minister spoke of precedent setting, but residents across the country would tell him otherwise.
I beg him to look at the Warner properties in Walthamstow, and at Y&Y management, which repeatedly rips off constituents across the country.
The hon.
Member for Harborough (Neil O'Brien)  is not here, but he asked why people have to pay terrorism insurance.
In Walthamstow that was the Warner estate company, which said that because the plane bomber lived in our constituency, 3,000 households had to buy terrorism insurance.
Such cases come up time and again with leasehold and they do not get fixed in the tribunal.
Amendment 1 would give precedent.
It was  1 December 1998 .