Not only have energy bills fallen to their lowest level in two years—welcome news for families up and down the country—but Britain has become the first major economy to halve our emissions, which is a huge milestone on our journey to net zero, our Offshore Petroleum Licensing Bill has completed its Commons stages, and we are supporting the North sea by protecting 200,000 jobs and using our own gas to heat our homes.
I have signed a new partnership with Canada on fusion energy, which is a technology that could give us limitless energy and one on which Britain is leading the world.
We have confirmed the UK’s departure from the energy charter treaty, which was holding back our transition to cleaner, cheaper energy.
We have launched a consultation on smart energy tariffs, which could see £900 taken off people’s bills, and today we host our hydrogen investor forum, announcing eight successful projects to make low-carbon hydrogen, with over £27 million of Government support.
Residents in Esclusham in my constituency are alarmed by Innova’s plans for the UK’s largest lithium-ion battery storage facility near Bersham.
Can my right hon.
Friend give any reassurance about the safety of this technology to my constituents, who are concerned about the dangers of pollution, given the noise emitted by such equipment, and by reports of similar facilities elsewhere exploding, catching fire and emitting toxic fumes?
Electricity storage allows us to use energy more flexibly and to minimise energy bills.
Grid-scale lithium-ion battery energy storage systems are covered by a robust regulatory framework that is principally over- seen by the Health and Safety Executive.
Planning guidance encourages developers and local authorities to consult relevant fire and rescue services on aspects such as location, ahead of any planning decisions being made.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
Some 23% of households in Scotland are living in extreme fuel poverty.
Energy debt across the United Kingdom has reached £3.1 billion.
Age UK estimates that, had the UK Government implemented a social tariff this winter, 2.2 million households would have been lifted out of poverty.
The latest costs of unpayable energy debt have once again been heaped on to ordinary taxpayers by Ofgem through the unit rate.
What assessment has the Secretary of State made of how much energy debt could be reduced by through the introduction of a social tariff to mitigate totally unaffordable energy bills?
The fact that energy prices are at the lowest level in two years is good news for families up and down the country.
We have put in place support, including a package of more than £104 billion to support families—that is £3,700 per household on average.
As part of that, we have made £900 cost of living payments to help people in the last year.
Energy is a vital purchase for the hospitality sector, and can make up a large part of the overall costs.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to ensure that the energy costs faced by pubs, hotels and food businesses do not put them out of business?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that important question.
Wholesale energy prices have fallen compared with last year.
The Government have been supporting eligible businesses locked into high contracts through the energy bills discount scheme, until they can take advantage of lower fixed-price rates.
My hon.
Friend will be interested to hear that the Government delivered more than £7.4 billion to non-domestic energy users last winter, covering around half of many businesses’ energy bills.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Last September, the Energy Secretary claimed she was lifting the onshore wind ban, but in the whole of 2023 and so far in 2024 there have been zero applications for new onshore wind farms designed for domestic electricity supply in England.
She said that her decision would speed up the delivery of projects.
Why does she think it has not worked?