People who are considering changing their boiler struggle to find accurate information about the benefits and the costs.
Will the Minister consider issuing new guidance that makes clear both the costs and the benefits of switching to a heat pump?
It can be a complex matter.
That is why the Government have committed to looking at rebalancing the system costs across electricity and gas, as well as to ensure that people can benefit, as I do, from a heat pump, which provides a warm home and low bills.
What steps her Department is taking to help reduce energy costs for households.
What steps she is taking to provide support with energy bills.
Ofgem’s new price cap means that from April, the average bill is set to drop by £238.
This shows that our plan is working: we have halved inflation and energy prices are at their lowest level in two years.
Alongside that, we have taken the number of homes that are well insulated up from 14% in 2010 to 50% now.
We have recently set out plans to help more customers access smarter energy tariffs, which could save them up to £900 a year.
I am grateful for the answer, but one thing my constituents in Stirling do not understand is electricity standing charges.
As we have heard, according to Ofgem’s figures, they have rocketed by 138% from £90.84 in 2021-22 to £216.23 in 2023-24.
Ofgem has issued a call for evidence, which is to be welcomed, but Ofgem is clearly not fit for purpose on this.
Does the Secretary of State agree that it is high time the UK Government stepped in?
The hon.
Gentleman is right that Ofgem regulates standing charges and has issued a call for evidence.
I think about 40,000 people have given input, and we look forward to seeing the results.
However, if he was really worried about the cost of living for families in the country, the SNP would not have taken taxes in Scotland to the highest level in the UK.
The fall in the energy price cap is certainly welcomed by Carshalton and Wallington residents, as is the support for households, but many small and medium-sized businesses in my constituency are still struggling to absorb higher costs.
Will the Secretary of State outline in a bit more detail the support that those businesses can access to help with energy bills?
I thank my hon.
Friend for recently welcoming me to Carshalton and Wallington.
Wholesale energy prices have fallen significantly since last winter, but we are committed to supporting businesses with their energy bills.
Last winter alone, we delivered about £7.4 billion to support businesses, covering nearly half of many businesses’ wholesale energy costs.
We are continuing the energy bills discount scheme to support eligible businesses with high energy costs until they can take advantage of lower wholesale prices.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
A lot has happened since I was last at the Dispatch Box.
Not only have energy bills fallen to their lowest level in two years—welcome news for families up and down the country—but Britain has become the first major economy to halve our emissions, which is a huge milestone on our journey to net zero, our Offshore Petroleum Licensing Bill has completed its Commons stages, and we are supporting the North sea by protecting 200,000 jobs and using our own gas to heat our homes.
I have signed a new partnership with Canada on fusion energy, which is a technology that could give us limitless energy and one on which Britain is leading the world.
We have confirmed the UK’s departure from the energy charter treaty, which was holding back our transition to cleaner, cheaper energy.