He was a kind and generous man, well liked in all parts of the House, and a powerful advocate for his constituents and his principles.
There is also the tragic news of the death of Lord Cormack, who was a Member of this House for 40 years, from 1970 to 2010.
He was an eminent historian of Parliament, as well as editor and then president of The House magazine.
They were two very different characters who were united by a strong duty to their constituents and a firm commitment to their principles.
They each made their mark on this House in their own way and we will miss them very much.
I am sure the thoughts of the whole House are with their families and friends.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What recent assessment her Department has made of the potential merits of introducing a social energy tariff.
What recent assessment her Department has made of the potential merits of introducing a social energy tariff.
Energy prices are now at their lowest level for two years, with a typical bill set to drop by £238 by April.
Our cost of living package totals over £104 billion, or £3,700 per household on average, over 2022 to 2025.
We are supporting those most in need, with millions of vulnerable households receiving up to £900 in cost of living payments.
Some of us believe in preventative spending.
A House of Commons Library briefing last year estimated that the annual cost to the national health service of treating illnesses associated with living in cold or damp housing is £1.4 billion.
When wider  societal costs are considered, that figure rises to £15.4 billion.
Will the Secretary of State confirm whether the introduction of a social energy tariff would cost less than £15.4 billion?
A social tariff means lots of things to different people, but we are supporting vulnerable people with the cost of their energy bills.
We supported them last winter, paying on average a half of everybody’s energy bills, and we have made additional payments of £900 to support people.
Since 2010, we have increased the proportion of homes that are energy-efficient and insulated to 50%, up from 14%.
I call Chris Law—not here.
On energy tariffs, what assessment has the Secretary of State made of the merits of providing residents who are local to energy and nuclear plants with discounts on their energy bills?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her doughty campaigning for nuclear—she is our very own atomic kitten.
We are very positive about nuclear and have set out plans for the largest expansion of nuclear for 70 years.
Overall that will be a good thing for people’s energy bills and the energy security of this country.
What estimate she has made of the number of households in fuel poverty in winter 2023-24.
What estimate she has made of the number of households in fuel poverty in winter 2023-24.
What steps she is taking to support households in fuel poverty during winter.
What estimate she has made of the number of households in fuel poverty in winter 2023-24.
What estimate she has made of the number of households in fuel poverty in winter 2023-24.
Fuel poverty is a devolved matter.
The latest figures, published on  15 February 2024 , showed that 3.17 million households were in fuel poverty in 2023.
The Government continue to deliver financial support to low-income homes and vulnerable households through the warm home discount scheme and cost of living payments.
As I am sure you are aware, Mr Speaker, the cost of living crisis is far from over for constituents in our area.
The Government’s latest energy efficiency policy, the Great British insulation scheme, was supposed to insulate 100,000 homes a year, but so far just 3,000 families have been helped in eight months, including only 35 homes in Lancashire and just six in Blackburn.