The planning policy priority is the effective use of land by directing solar projects to locate on previously developed low-grade land, and it is designed to avoid, mitigate and, where necessary, compensate for impacts on the best agricultural land.
The Prime Minister was very clear that vast swathes of agricultural land would not be lost to solar on his watch, yet I am seeing thousands of acres across my constituency being built out or proposed for solar—from Kimble Wick to Dinton, Ford to Beachampton, and more—including the latest 2,100 acre abomination in the Claydons known as Rosefield.
Good agricultural land that regularly produces wheat harvests of 10 tonnes per hectare, for example, is often falsely graded as 3b because the readings are taken from the headland, not the field.
When will my hon.
Friend ensure that energy policy does not trump food security, and stop the mass proliferation of agricultural land being used for inefficient solar?
I understand the concern and frustration of my hon.
Friend and his constituents.
That particular project is at the pre-application planning stage.
The application is expected to be submitted to the Planning  Inspectorate between January and March 2025.
However, as I know he understands, owing to the quasi-judicial role of Ministers in determining applications, it would not be appropriate for me to comment on any specific matters in relation to that project, but I can reassure him that all applications are judged on their individual merits, and I encourage him and all his affected constituents to engage with the planning process at every stage as it continues.
With all due respect to Conservative Members, who always represent the farming industry, as do we in the Liberal Democrats, farmers are not stupid.
They will not take high-quality agricultural land out of production, and that is not happening, so I really worry about the argument being made here.
We are far behind our renewable targets for solar, so what incentive can the Government provide to get more, not less, UK solar off the ground?
I can reassure the hon.
Lady that the solar taskforce will publish its recommendations imminently, and we have an ambitious target of deploying 70 GW of solar across the UK by 2035.
Residents in Staffordshire Moorlands are very concerned about a number of planning applications for solar farms and battery storage plants on farmland.
They have a number of questions, so can my hon.
Friend ensure that small district councils have the appropriate expertise to look at those applications?
Can he make sure that proximity to the national grid is taken into consideration, and that when there are a number of applications relating to adjoining pieces of land, those applications are considered as a whole, rather than looked at individually?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for her question, and reassure her that we take all those concerns incredibly seriously.
I am very happy to meet her and any other Member of Parliament who has concerns about the plans being put forward in their constituency.
As I have said, it is really important that everybody—from Members of Parliament through to those in the community who are affected by or have concerns about plans—can engage with the planning process at every stage.
We will do what we can to address those concerns while meeting our ambitious target of deploying 70 GW of solar by 2035.
I am delighted to see you in your place, Mr Speaker.
Some people have short memories.
Bearing in mind the difficulties that farmers are facing, particularly those with rocky or infertile land, will the Minister have discussions with his colleagues in the Department of Agriculture, Environment and Rural Affairs to ensure that some of that land is used in ways that maximise the benefit to the farming community, as well as contributing to net zero?
I thank the hon.
Member for his question.