We have provided 4,000 drones to Ukraine, and we will keep doing that—we have the £200 million.
Yes, it is about shells and munitions, but we also have to provide a way to fight with them; we have to assist to ensure that we deliver that capability, which is why those coalitions are so important.
I am glad that the hon.
Gentleman supports us in the round, and we are sending a message that this House is united in supporting Ukraine.
I call the Father of the House.
The Minister says the training started in 2014, which is the year after the House took, in my view, the wrong decision in the Syria vote; it led to Russia giving help to Assad, the taking of Crimea, the infiltration of eastern Ukraine and various other problems.
As Ukraine’s security is, in effect, our security and that of our NATO allies, will he confirm that we will do all we can to try to make sure that Ukraine is safe and that Russia, at some stage, returns to being a peaceful nation devoted to the prosperity of its own people, rather than doing down other people?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point and he is absolutely right to say that their security is our security.
We need to support Ukraine, because it is morally the right thing to do to support a free country that has been illegally invaded.
We should also be clear that it is in our strategic interests and those of all of our democratic allies to do so, because we do not want to see an emboldened Russia, not least because of the impact that could have on other potential adversaries.
I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
Ukraine is on the frontline, not only of its own battles, but of those of international democracy and law.
We cannot leave the Ukrainians without in a time of need.
Their fight is our fight, so let us look at what the UK Government can do.
We must not allow Putin’s plan to wait until the international community loses interest to succeed.
Will the UK Government prepare an International Criminal Court case against Russia for its bombardment of civilians in Ukraine?
What more can the UK Government do to ensure the safety of Ukrainian skies, and to ensure a united and collective western effort in continued support of Ukraine?
Once again, I am grateful for the hon.
Gentleman’s support and that of the SNP in ensuring that we have this strong consensus across the House in support of the Ukrainians.
As he said, their fight is our fight—I strongly agree.
He is also right about the ICC.
As for where the Ministry of Defence is focused, he makes an important point about the threat in the air.
As I said, air defence has been crucial, but of course that fight takes many forms; we need to look at not only ground-to-air systems, but drones, which have proliferated and had an extraordinary impact.
We know that we cannot provide the F-16, which is the Ukrainians’ fighter of choice, but we have done what we can by providing the elementary flying training and I absolutely assure him that we will do everything we can.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
I welcome all that the Government have been doing, including on Brimstone and the package of £245 million-worth of ammunition.
However, may I ask specifically about 155 mm shells and the BAE Systems production line?
Has it now got the orders to ensure that it is working at maximum capacity, on a war footing, to produce all it can to support Ukraine and indeed, in due course, our own stockpiles?
It is a pleasure to take my first contribution from my right hon.
Friend in the Chamber since he became Chairman of the Select Committee.