Last September, the Energy Secretary claimed she was lifting the onshore wind ban, but in the whole of 2023 and so far in 2024 there have been zero applications for new onshore wind farms designed for domestic electricity supply in England.
She said that her decision would speed up the delivery of projects.
Why does she think it has not worked?
Let me be clear about our record on onshore wind.
Energy production has quadrupled since 2010, when we had 3.9 GW of onshore wind, to 15.4 GW in 2023.
We have connected the second highest amount of renewables anywhere in Europe, whereas the right hon.
Gentleman’s plans have been widely discredited by industry and would deter billions of pounds of investment in clean energy.
The right hon.
Lady did not answer the question.
I will tell her why it has not worked: because she has left a uniquely restrictive planning regime in place for onshore wind.
Her failure is costing families across this country £180 a year on their bills.
We know that her policy has failed.
She could dump the ban at the stroke of a pen.
If she is vaguely serious about clean energy, why does she not face down the headbangers on her Back Benches and lift the ban?
As I said, we have connected the second highest amount of renewable electricity anywhere in Europe since 2010.
Our record on renewable energy is clear.
This is the most extraordinary deflection that I have seen.
In recent weeks, the right hon.
Gentleman’s leader has shredded his policy platform on energy.
To be honest, I feel quite sorry for him, because thanks to the action of his leader and his shadow Chancellor, he has been hidden away, his policy has been ripped up and it is now obvious to everyone that Labour has no plan for energy.
Further to the question by my hon.
Friend the Member for South West Bedfordshire (Andrew Selous) about the review of electricity market arrangements, I welcome the fact that we are, at last, getting to grips with the clunky old rules that add potentially hundreds of pounds to everyone’s energy bills.
May I urge the Minister to go faster?
This is chugging along at Whitehall speed, and we need urgent action to reduce energy bills soon.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his continuing interest in this issue.
The REMA programme is considering a number of options, including sending more efficient locational signals, which I know he is very knowledgeable about, zonal pricing, reform to transmission charging and changes to network access.
The second round of the consultation is imminent.
This Government’s treatment of miners, retired miners and their widows is nothing short of a national scandal.
Since 2021, the Government have been sitting on the recommendations of the Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy Committee report, which recommended reviewing the mineworkers’ pension scheme’s surplus sharing arrangements in favour of miners and their widows.
During that time, thousands of miners have sadly passed away through the legacy of industrial disease, while the Government have pocketed £4.8 billion of the miners’ own money since 1994.
When are the Government going to do the right thing and return the miners’ money?
The Government are doing the right thing, have done the right thing and will continue to do the right thing in coming to a fair settlement between miners, the Government and the taxpayer.
That is what we will continue to do, and I am happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman to discuss it further.
Earlier this month, the all-party parliamentary group on infrastructure, which I chair, launched a joint report with the Institution of Civil Engineers on the public behavioural changes needed to achieve our net zero target.
I have sent my right hon.
Friend a copy of the report.