It was a great pleasure to serve on the Public Bill Committee on this Bill.
We had a great debate, and there was actually a lot of agreement across the Committee Room.
These are deeply Conservative reforms, championed by none other than Mrs Thatcher, starting in 1965, which she continued to do throughout opposition and during her premiership.
I gently say to Opposition Members, of whatever party, that they must not fall into the trap of making this a political football.
They must engage with the seriousness and complexity of these reforms, in part because, as we have heard, they did very little to advance these very significant reforms during their own time in office.
I suspect that they backed away from it because of the very significant legal challenges they would have faced, as we ourselves will no doubt face.
Pretending they do not exist is not a serious position.
I say to the Minister and the Secretary of State, who are aware of my comments, that we must not buckle, but must continue to take this forward.
It is great to see the package of amendments laid by the Government, particularly new clause 42, which is a ban on leasehold houses.
I want the Minister to think carefully about how he will address the inevitable imbalance in the creation of a two-tier system, in which some people will have the freehold of their house, but some will not.
There is an additional imbalance between flats in our urban areas and new freehold houses.
That point was very well made by James Vitali in a Policy Exchange report.
I am slightly worried about the omission from this of retirement properties, so perhaps the Minister could return to that.
In Committee, I spoke about the need to truly move towards a commonhold system.
I think the Opposition’s new clause 11 is something of that nature.
I very much hope that, as the Bill goes through completing its stages, the Government—here or in the other place—can look at that suggestion.
I think we do need to set out the future legislative scaffolding for our fifth term in office, and to build on the work we have done so that we can finally get rid of this leasehold system.
Other Members have mentioned a lot of the points I would have made about shared services.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Cities of London and Westminster (Nickie Aiken)  raised that, and it is one of my concerns.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Harborough (Neil O’Brien)  has done a fantastic job in talking about the lack of adoption by local authorities.
There is also new clause 7, which I know is again an Opposition amendment, and new clauses 1 and 2.
This problem is not going to go away.
It is a blight on many homeowners in Redditch, and it also goes to the heart of our planning system.
We really do need to look at that; we cannot pretend that it is going to solve itself.
I thank the Minister for writing to me about one of my concerns, which is litigation costs.
I think new clause 3 looks at that.
He has reassured me that what is in this Bill will go the distance in ensuring that leaseholders are not subject to unjust litigation costs by their landlord.
That is one of the cases highlighted by Liam Spender and many others.
These are hugely complex issues, but we must tackle them.
I want to see ground rents reduced to a peppercorn.
It is pure extortion, and a feudal relic from medieval times when people were serfs and worked the land.
We should not have this in 2024, or in any year.
I refuse to believe that there is not a way, through the wit of man and the considerable intelligence of Ministers on the Front Bench, to solve the issue, perhaps where some financial assets are held in pension funds.