For months now, East Durham Trust in my constituency has been in dispute with its supplier, TotalEnergies, after TotalEnergies raised its standing charge from 40p a day to £20 a day—an increase of over 4,000%.
Remarkably, after making complaints to the Department, Ofgem, Northern Powergrid and TotalEnergies, I found out just yesterday that TotalEnergies has agreed to remotely reconfigure the meter in question.
Can the Minister explain why energy companies and distributors do not seek to address customer issues sooner, and does she agree that we have a failing regulator and an energy system that seeks to maximise profits?
I am pleased to hear from the hon.
Gentleman that the situation has been resolved, and I suggest that exactly the right recourse is to contact the relevant parties.
We are now launching the ability of the ombudsman to help small businesses as well, which reassures me that such cases will be seen to more quickly and resolved sooner.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
In the UK, electricity standing charges will balloon by 12%, meaning that people in Scotland who were paying £90 a year in 2021-22 will soon need to find £216 a year—a 138% increase under this Tory Government.
That removes the incentive to curb excessive use, and presents a disincentive to economise on energy usage.
If costs and charges were redistributed to the unit price, consumers would be empowered to pursue reduced usage, knowing that that would translate into lower bills.
What assessment has the Minister made of the savings that would be made, in terms of both carbon emissions and the need for vast pieces of new energy infrastructure, if the standing charges were rolled into unit prices?
Standing charges, as I mentioned, are a matter for Ofgem.
However, Ofgem has listened to public sentiment, and it has recently launched a call for input on standing charges.
My understanding is that to date, it has had over 40,000 responses.
The call for input closed on  19 January , and Ofgem’s paper aims to ensure a greater understanding of how standing charges are applied to energy bills and what alternatives should be considered.
What steps she is taking to help increase private sector investment in green technologies.
What steps she is taking to help increase private sector investment in green technologies.
The UK has already made tremendous progress in securing investment in green technologies; recent figures indicate that there was £60 billion of investment in the UK in 2023, meaning that since 2010, the UK has had £300 billion of public and private investment in low-carbon sectors.
Since I took office in September, we have put in place new policies and signed deals with different countries, and the investment has  continued to flow, with plans for around £24 billion of new investment in low-carbon sectors announced by the private sector.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for that answer.
Harmony Energy based in Knaresborough opened Europe’s largest battery farm in Yorkshire in 2022.
It has raised the issue of connectivity challenges being a blockage to investment, so I welcome the connections action plan, which aims to cut connection times by up to 90%.
Battery farms are critical for energy retention and storage, and are particularly helpful for renewables, so may I ask my right hon.
Friend for an update on how the plan is being implemented?
We have set out the most radical reforms to the grid since the 1950s.
As the action plan sets out, we are taking action with Ofgem and network companies to accelerate those really important network connections.
Network companies are offering earlier connection to battery storage and generation projects.
For example, 10 GW of battery storage projects are already being offered connection dates to the transmission network that are on average four years earlier than was originally agreed.