It is pure extortion, and a feudal relic from medieval times when people were serfs and worked the land.
We should not have this in 2024, or in any year.
I refuse to believe that there is not a way, through the wit of man and the considerable intelligence of Ministers on the Front Bench, to solve the issue, perhaps where some financial assets are held in pension funds.
I do not buy the pretence of that incredible con artist Mr Steve Whybrow and his outfit that somehow we are robbing pensioners.
I would urge anybody with an interest in this debate to look at the genuine pensioners who are fighting for the right to have pure enjoyment of their own properties, which they richly deserve after a lifetime of working.
I will make my final remarks on forfeiture: it must go.
The forfeiture of a long lease cannot be right.
It cannot be right that a freeholder can hold this nuclear bomb over somebody such as Dennis Jackson, a pensioner, of Plantation Wharf.
He disputed a £6,000 service charge, which led to an £80,000 legal bill, and he had his £800,000 flat forfeited during a 10-minute hearing at Wandsworth court.
I thank LEASE for all the work it has done to help him.
That just simply cannot be right, and we must address it.
I want to see us finally finishing the job that Mrs Thatcher started when she was Opposition Housing spokesman in 1965.
We must finish that job, and I thank the Minister for all the work he has done so far.
I feel for the Minister today, because he must be kicking himself.
This is probably one of the few debates I have heard in this place recently where I have not heard a bad idea.
As constituency MPs, we see time and again the problems caused by retaining this feudal system of leasehold, and I suspect that the Minister, who has been looking at this issue for some time, is kicking himself because what he would really like to do is abolish the whole thing.
Indeed, today we have heard support from across the House to do just that.
In the short time available, let me say again to him that he would have our support to move to commonhold.
He talked about how commonhold was probably the better model, and for those of us living in the vortex of gentrification, where thousands of flats have been built in our community, this is an incredibly pressing issue.
We know that the casework we have seen over the past few years will expand as a result of leasehold continuing.
That is why I wish to see the Government change their mind, perhaps in the other place, about getting rid of leasehold altogether, and why I have been pressing my local authority to listen to concerns of local residents who are stuck with leasehold, and change our local plan to make commonhold the default.
I hope that they have heard this debate and will rethink their opposition to that.
I support the amendments in the name of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Greenwich and Woolwich (Matthew Pennycook) , and wish to draw the Minister’s attention to two new clauses that I have tabled on issues with the existing system and the problems that leaseholders face.
With 12,000 leaseholders in Walthamstow, I know that these issues will come up time and again.
New clause 2 is about the fact that although we have leasehold legislation, it does not tally with our consumer legislation.
Leaseholders pay a service charge.
They have a contract with freehold management companies to oversee problems in their properties, but few residents feel empowered to access rights that exist under the Consumer Rights Act 2015 to have a reasonable service within a reasonable timeframe for repairs.