Smuggler and trafficking gangs have been allowed to get away with their vile trade in people for far too long.
Britain needs strong borders and a properly controlled and managed asylum and immigration system, but, for the past five years, we have had the opposite.
That is why we are prepared to do the hard graft to get the system back under control and tackle the gangs long before they reach our shores.
Immediately after the election, we began to strengthen our international collaboration to go after those criminal gangs, including by increasing the number of National Crime Agency officers in Europol, setting up the new Border Security Command and making the new agreement with the G7.
Already, that strengthened collaboration is delivering results.
In the last few weeks alone, we have seen the arrest of a major suspect in the supply of boats and engines to the channel, which involved co-operation between Belgium, the Netherlands and the UK.
A major operation last week against a Syrian and Iraqi Kurdish gang operating through Germany and France was led by French police, but was supported by intelligence from the NCA and involved 500 German police officers.
It delivered not just a series of arrests of suspected gang members, but the seizure of multiple boats and engines destined for the channel—boats that could have led to thousands of people making dangerous journeys.
Criminals need to know that there will be no hiding place.
The gangs who undermine our border security by facilitating small boats crossing the channel are also facilitating dangerous and illegal journeys into other European countries and committing wider crimes, including serious violence, exploitation, money laundering and drug trafficking.
These gangs operate across borders.
Therefore, we need law enforcement co-operation across borders to bring them down, and new systems to work  across different prosecutorial and legal systems.
We need to rebuild basic intelligence sharing and co-operation that was damaged under the last Government’s post-Brexit arrangements, and new expertise is needed to deal with evolving threats.
This week, I signed a landmark agreement with my German counterpart, Minister Nancy Faeser, to tackle irregular migration.
The new joint action plan is the first of its kind between the UK and Germany.
It includes much stronger operational co-operation, such as information and intelligence sharing, including very practical basic measures such as increasing the use of the SIENA—Secure Information Exchange Network Application—Europol system by the NCA to share information with German police to swiftly pursue investigations; stronger partnerships to deliver prosecutions; new work to take down social media content that is being used as advertising by organised smuggler gangs; joint working and co-ordination with transit and source countries; supporting each other on returns; and establishing the first German international liaison officer in the Border Security Command.
Importantly, the joint action plan means strengthening the law in Germany to tackle people smugglers.
We know that gangs are routing many supply chains through Germany, including using warehouses to store boats and engines that are destined for the channel.
Clarification of the law in Germany will mean that activities facilitating migrant smuggling to the UK in Germany will be a criminal offence.
This is a major change which will make it easier for German prosecutors to dismantle supply chains and prosecute the smugglers involved.
It means that in Germany and across Europe, we are sending a clear message to the smugglers: “Activity to smuggle people into the UK is a criminal offence and you will be prosecuted and brought to justice.”
Germany and the UK will also work together through Europol to investigate the end-to-end criminal activity of Kurdish gang networks that are operating in both our countries, in co-operation with the Iraqi Government and Kurdish authorities following the agreements I reached in Iraq.