It is welcome that overall removals have gone up, continuing the trend under the previous Government, although I observe that almost all those removals were to European and North American countries.
The Home Secretary did not break out the numbers on small boat returns, and I wonder why that was.
I have looked into the figures, and it turns out that in the three months after the election, less than 5% of people crossing by small boat were returned.
More than that, the number of people returned, having crossed by small boat, in the three months after the election was, in fact, lower than the number returned in the three months prior to it.
So the number of people returned after crossing by small boat has gone down under this Government.
The Home Secretary mentioned criminal gangs, and I am glad that the work started under the last Government, including by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Braintree (Mr Cleverly) , is being continued.
That includes the international co-operation that he pursued both as Foreign Secretary and as Home Secretary.
But I ask the Home Secretary this: why, in opposition, did she vote against life sentences for people smugglers?
We heard a bit about the Calais group’s discussion yesterday.
Of course, co-operation is important—we, too, co-operated when in government—but I wonder whether the Home Secretary had the chance to ask her French opposite number one or two questions.
First, will the French accept returns of people crossing the channel?
That would provide a very powerful deterrent.
As she will know, the post-EU exit documentation—the political declaration—expressly allows individual member states to engage in bilateral arrangements on borders.
Did she raise that with her French counterpart, and what did they say?
Secondly, was the Home Secretary able to ask her French counterpart whether France will intercept small boats close to the French shore, as the Belgians safely  do?
In Belgium, it has resulted in a 93% reduction in crossings.
If the French would do the same and intercept near the shore, it would have a dramatic effect.
The Home Secretary said that she is delivering results, but these are the results: crossings are up by 18%, asylum hotel places are up by 6,066 and small boat returns are down under the new Government.
She is delivering results—I am afraid they are worse.
I gently point out to the shadow Home Secretary that his party left us with the highest ever level of small boat crossings in the first half of a year—the highest level on record.
If we had carried on with small boat crossings at the same level as in the first half of the year, when he was in the Home Office, we would have had to deal with thousands more arrivals over the last few months.
When he was the Immigration Minister, small boat crossings increased about tenfold because he let criminal gangs take hold along the channel.
They built an entire criminal industry on his watch that he did nothing to stop, which is why we now have to deal with those criminal gangs.
On returns, I gently point out to the shadow Home Secretary that by the time the Conservatives left office, returns were down by more than a quarter compared with under the last Labour Government because of the Conservatives’ continued failure to even get the system working.
That is why we have put substantial additional resources into returns and into making sure that the rules are enforced, which they simply have not been for far too long.
On the asylum backlog, perhaps the shadow Home Secretary will take responsibility for the total crashing of the asylum system in the last few months before the general election, when the Conservative party and the Home Office of which he was a part ended up cutting asylum decisions by more than 70% compared with the beginning of the year.