We are investing £2.4 million this year, and the Environment Agency is currently studying options to improve protection in Carlisle.
I will make sure that she gets a meeting to discuss the specific options.
In recent weeks Sir Richard Dearlove, the former head of MI6, has warned that conflict between Russia and the west is no longer coming; it has already come.
With Russia poised to spend more than 6% of its GDP on its military next year, the time for reviews and road maps is over.
Will the Prime Minister recognise the urgency of the situation and commit to spending at least 2.5% of GDP on defence without further delay?
The hon.
Member is right about the importance of national security, particularly at the moment.
At the Budget we delivered a £2.9 billion increase in the Ministry of Defence budget.
We are pleased to deliver the largest pay rise for our armed forces in 22 years, and we will set out the path to 2.5% in due course.
That target, of course, was last met under the last Labour Government; it was not met once in the 14 years that the Conservatives were in power.
In October 2023, my constituent Mark Somerville received the shattering news that, at 43, he had motor neurone disease.
He has since set up the Mark Somerville Foundation and is doing incredible work to raise awareness of the condition.
Mark is in the Gallery today and will later speak to MPs about living with MND.
Will my right hon.
and learned Friend join me in recognising the work of Mark and his foundation and commit the Government to doing all they possibly can to support efforts to find a cure for this devastating disease?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this case, which he mentioned to me last night.
I pay tribute to Mark, who is in the Gallery, and the work of his foundation.
This diagnosis can so obviously be absolutely devastating, and it is testament, if I may say so, to his bravery and compassion that he is raising awareness of the condition.
I think many of us would question whether we were capable of doing what he is doing, given the diagnosis that he has had.
Last week  I paid tribute to the inspirational Kevin Sinfield, another incredible champion.
I say to both of them, and to all those campaigning, that we stand with you in this fight.
Ryan Cornelius has been detained in Dubai for 17 years.
His property was seized in what was a very unjudicial process.
The Prime Minister has been to the United Arab Emirates.
When he went there, did he demand that Ryan Cornelius be freed, given that the United Nations concluded that his detention was arbitrary and in violation of international law?
Will he make Magnitsky sanctions deliverable on those responsible for that after his release?
That is an important case.
It has, of course, been raised by the Government a number of times, including by the Foreign Secretary as part of the trip that I was on.
I myself raised human rights issues.
It is a serious case, and we will continue to press for the outcome that I know he and his family desperately want.
Stellantis could not have asked for more from the workers at the Luton plant.
Like every generation of Vauxhall worker in Luton, they meet every target set, they make every innovation demanded of them and they never give up.
Contrast that with Carlos Tavares, the CEO who quit days after making the decision to threaten more than 1,000 jobs in Luton.
Does the Prime Minister agree that in the light of the sudden departure of the CEO, Stellantis should review the decision, do what is right by our town and stay put for good or until an alternative is found, to ensure that Luton’s manufacturing history is also our future?
I thank my hon.