My hon.
Friend is right that the only way to deal with this issue is not through gimmicks—we have seen those fail time and again—or through the kind of posturing that the Conservative party continues with.
It will be dealt with only through partnership, hard work and graft.
We have set up the Border Security Command, put in place new agreements with countries not only in Europe but beyond, such as Iraq, and strengthened our law enforcement capabilities—£150 million is going into the Border Security Command over the next two years.
We are also getting on with returns and enforcement, which  substantially increased this summer as a result of the actions we have taken to get them back on track after the system’s previous failings.
People are fed up with gimmicks, and we need to take a serious approach to get a grip on this issue.
The Home Secretary has not answered very many questions today, so can she answer this very clear question: which metric should we use, and by which date, to allow us to judge whether the Government have succeeded in smashing the gangs?
I think everyone will be clear that no one should be making these dangerous boat crossings that undermine our border security and put lives at risk.
We need to pursue the criminal gang networks that spread across Europe and beyond, which is why we welcome last week’s arrests in Germany as a result of the French-led operation supported by the National Crime Agency.
We will continue to support and accelerate this work so that we can take stronger action against the criminal gangs.
This week has seen the result of the Home Secretary’s work, which has led to the agreement with Germany.
It is hard work and grip that gets results.
It is incredible that, under German law, the stockpiling of the boats and engines used to cross the channel was not prohibited.
Can the Home Secretary assure us now that this agreement will lead to a path to closing this loophole and disrupting the work of the small boat gangs?
My hon.
Friend is right that this is a practical issue.
To disrupt the criminal gangs operating along the French coast, we need to disrupt their supply chains and to be able to go after them wherever they operate.
One of the most basic issues, on which the previous Government took no action at all, is the fact these flimsy and incredibly dangerous boats were being shipped across Europe, often being stored in German warehouses.
However, the legal framework in Germany made it very hard for the German police and prosecutors to take action against those smuggling gangs.
The basic thing we have done is to reach agreement with Germany that it will strengthen its law to make it clear that storing these boats facilitates dangerous and illegal boat crossings out of the EU and into the UK, which is a crime.
Strengthening the law in that way helps us to take action against the criminal gangs, but the previous Government just never chose to do it.
It required diplomacy, hard work and shared commitment, and that is what we have shown.
We all welcome the fall of Assad and look forward to him, and his accomplices, being dragged before the criminal courts to face justice for crimes against humanity.
However, the Home Secretary will know that the current situation in Syria is very complex, with a number of proscribed organisations involved.
We understand that the Government are considering de-listing some of these organisations.
At the same time, we are hearing that money being sent to Syria, to help and assist the Syrians, could fall into the hands of these proscribed organisations.
What action will the Home Secretary take to make sure that does not  happen?
As this is a moving situation, will she undertake to update the House on any moves to de-proscribe these organisations?
The hon.