I join my hon.
Friend in that, and I recognise the vital role that hospices play in providing support to people at the end of their life.
I understand the challenges that they face.
Most hospices receive funding by providing NHS services, and funding will be set out in the usual way.
Mr Speaker,
“losing a farm is not like losing any other business—it can’t come back.”
Those are the words of the Prime Minister, which he said to the National Farmers Union in order to get farmers’ votes.
Can he understand why farmers in Broadland and Fakenham and around the country now think that his Administration is duplicitous?
I think everybody welcomes the £5 billion over the next two years that we put in the Budget—[Interruption.]
Opposition Members shake their heads, but we have put in £350 million in the last week alone, compared with the £300 million underspend by the last Government.
As the hon.
Gentleman well knows, in an ordinary family case the threshold is £3 million, which means the vast majority of farmers will be unaffected.
Fourteen years of the Conservative party gutting local government has left councils having to make impossible choices.
My constituents were recently shocked when Cannock Chase district council proposed the closure of the Museum of Cannock Chase and the Prince of Wales theatre.
Will the Prime Minister ask the Culture Minister, my hon.
Friend the Member for Rhondda and Ogmore (Chris Bryant), and his officials to please meet me to see what can be done to save our museum and theatre?
Opposition Members groan at the question.
The Leader of the Opposition said they were coming to terms with their failures.
Well, they are obviously struggling just a bit.
I understand that that will be a huge loss to my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
Councils across the country were at the frontline of the last Government’s ruinous economic failure.
We announced £4 billion in additional funding for local government, a real-terms increase in core spending power, and will continue to do so.
I will ensure that my hon.
Friend gets a meeting with the relevant Minister.
These last months have shown that cruel Westminster Governments of whichever party continue to target the weakest in society while the Scottish Government will continue to protect them.
While the Labour party has voted to continue the Conservatives’ two-child benefit cap, the SNP is abolishing it.
While the Prime Minister picks the pockets of pensioners of their winter fuel allowance, Scotland’s First Minister, John Swinney, has reinstated it.
Given that support for Labour is plummeting and support for Scottish independence is once again leading in the polls, who does the Prime Minister believe makes the best decisions for Scotland?
Those who were elected in the general election on  4 July .
They are sitting here on the Government Benches.
In  centuries past, the three rivers that converge in the centre of Carlisle made the city highly defendable against invading armies.
However, in 1985, 2005 and 2015 those same rivers overpowered the city, leaving thousands devastated by flooding.
What assurances can the Prime Minister give my constituents that the flood defences that the Conservatives promised but failed to deliver will be completed under this Government?
May I start by wishing my hon.
Friend a happy birthday?
She raises a really important matter for her constituents, who have faced appalling flooding too many times.
The last Government left our defences in a state of absolute disrepair.
We are investing £2.4 million this year, and the Environment Agency is currently studying options to improve protection in Carlisle.
I will make sure that she gets a meeting to discuss the specific options.
In recent weeks Sir Richard Dearlove, the former head of MI6, has warned that conflict between Russia and the west is no longer coming; it has already come.