This Government are supporting clean energy projects in Wales.
Seven tidal, solar and onshore wind projects were successful in the recent contracts for difference round, and we have given the Celtic and Anglesey freeports the green light, which will enable green industries to grow, creating new jobs.
I am also delighted that 13 projects have been successful in the first round of the Crown Estate’s £50 million supply chain accelerator fund, which will support the delivery of floating offshore wind in the Celtic sea.
The Under-Secretary of State for Wales, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Llanelli (Dame Nia Griffith) , was recently with me in Llandudno at a roundtable with the main stakeholders in floating offshore wind in the Celtic sea.
This project is ready to go, and it will bring massive benefits through cheaper, more secure energy for everybody across the UK.
What are the Secretary of State and the Wales Office doing to ensure that the contracts are signed, sealed and delivered as quickly as possible?
We want these benefits to come via Wales, not via other regions or countries.
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question.
We know that floating offshore wind will be critical to delivering our clean energy mission, and Wales has a huge part to play in that.
The UK Government, jointly with the Welsh Government, recognise these opportunities and what they present for Wales, and we are determined to take full advantage of them.
My colleagues in the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero are working to move the process forward as quickly as possible, noting the need for certainty and a tight timetable so that we can get on with it.
Steel is a key component of developing clean energy projects.
In response to my written question, the Government confirmed that they have estimated the cost of nationalising British Steel to safeguard the plant’s future.
Can the Secretary of State explain why the Government did that for British Steel but dismissed nationalisation in the case of Port Talbot?
The Government have no plans to nationalise British Steel.
What discussions she has had with the Welsh Government on the potential impact of the proposed tourism levy on jobs in Wales.
The Welsh Government have introduced a Bill in the Senedd that will give local authorities in Wales the choice to introduce a levy on overnight stays in visitor accommodation.
It will be for individual councils to decide whether they will introduce a small charge paid by people staying overnight in commercially let accommodation in Wales to help support a thriving tourism industry.
I thank the Secretary of State for her response, but has she assessed the regional impact of this levy?
Although the impact can perhaps be levelled out and absorbed across the whole of Wales, some communities are clearly going to be hit harder than others.
How will they be compensated for the impact?
More than 40 countries and holiday destinations around the world have introduced a form of visitor levy, including Greece, Amsterdam, Barcelona and California, and many of us have paid such levies abroad without noticing.
The money will help to support a long-term thriving tourism industry in Wales.
I am confident that the Welsh Government will work with businesses and tourists alike to get this right.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the successful introduction of similar schemes in places such as Manchester, and indeed in successful tourist destinations around the world, shows that the Conservatives should stop fear-mongering and support something that could really boost Welsh tourism?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
As I said, such levies are already the norm in more than 40 countries and holiday destinations around the world.
Manchester shows it can work, so why can Wales not show that?
I call the shadow Secretary of State for Wales.
Tourism is vital to the Welsh economy.