We are working in close partnership with the Welsh Government to grow our economy and unleash Wales’s potential.
This has already delivered tangible results, including securing more than £1 billion investment and hundreds of jobs for north Wales, a better deal for steelworkers at Port Talbot, and a record budget settlement for the Welsh Government to spend on public services, including providing funding to keep coal tips safe, which the previous Government did not do.
I was pleased to hear the Secretary of State announce the Welsh economic growth advisory group.
Will she explain how the resetting of relationships between the Welsh and UK Governments is strengthening Wales’s position in the UK industrial strategy, and also improving access to vital services and relationships over the border in the Forest of Dean?
The Secretary of State was very pleased to chair the first meeting of the advisory group last week.
The group will work with us to inform the UK Government’s industrial strategy to ensure that we build on Wales’s proud industrial heritage and develop the jobs and industries of the future.
This is the first time that representatives from both Governments, from business, education and industry groups and from the unions have come together to shape cross-Government UK policy, proving the difference that two Governments working together for Wales can make.
There is no better way of strengthening the Union than improving the healthcare of people in Wales.
Somehow, at the general election, Labour managed to mislead the public in England into thinking that it could bring the change to the health service.
In truth, we need Welsh people to have a much improved health service, as the people of England have had under Conservative control. [
Interruption.]
Only the Labour Government could suggest that longer waiting lists in Wales and worse outcomes in Wales were somehow something to crow about.
They are not.
What will be done about it?
What do you make of that, Mr Speaker?
With the additional funding that we have provided for the Welsh Government, I can assure the  right hon.
Member that there will be proper investment in the Welsh health service, which did not happen for 14 years under the Tories.
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on increasing economic growth in north Wales.
I have regular discussions with Cabinet and Welsh Government colleagues on economic growth.
I recently had the pleasure of visiting Airbus in Broughton alongside the Prime Minister, and I addressed CBI Wales members alongside the First Minister.
Since coming into government, we have worked to drive over £1 billion in private investment from Eren Holding and Kellogg’s into north Wales, creating and sustaining over 400 jobs.
Cross-border co-operation and investment by north Wales and the Mersey Dee region of north-west England is essential to maximising growth on both sides of the border.
Key to achieving that will be improved railway connectivity.
Will the Secretary of State meet me and the cross-party, cross-nation Growth Track 360 group to explore how we can make that happen and help the economies on both sides of the border prosper?
I know the key role that good cross-border transport plays in strengthening economic and social ties across north Wales and the north-west of England.
I was pleased to join the Welsh Government Cabinet Secretary for Transport at Flint and Chester stations recently to announce a 40% increase in rail capacity, with 50% more timetabled services on the north Wales main line.
I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend, representatives from the Mersey Dee region, and Growth Track 360.
Today, thousands of farmers have descended on this place in a further bid to get the Government to listen and to realise the consequences of their actions.