Then in 2023, they committed to a further £500 million and to continuing these agreements.
My constituents see these agreements, and the financial commitments being made with our neighbours, and yet, over the past few years, they have just seen increasing problems with small boat crossings and backlogs.
What reassurance can my right hon.
Friend give my constituents that these agreements will make a difference, and—because this goes to the heart of fairness—that these funding agreements will bring about the change that people want to see?
People clearly want to see practical changes on the ground, which is why the partnership working we have been taking forward—not just with France but with Belgium, the Netherlands, Germany and other countries—is so important.
This has been about the prevention work along the French coast, and the work with the French authorities.
However, the reality is that we have to be taking action long before the boats, the engines, the people and the gangs reach the French coast in the first place.
That is the fundamental  difference between the approach we are now taking and the previous Government’s work.
It is about how we work with other European countries to tackle the gangs before they reach the French coast.
That is where we need much stronger partnerships, and that is where many of our efforts have been focused.
The applications of the 6,500 Syrian asylum seekers have already been mentioned, but when the Department looks at these claims, will the Home Secretary keep in mind that Syria’s new leader is a committed jihadist who has voiced support for the 9/11 attacks?
There are, therefore, very serious questions, particularly for women and minorities, and all paused asylum claims should be processed with that firmly in mind.
In a similar vein, although I fully support the increased efforts to shut down illegal and dangerous trafficking routes, it is important that we have safe asylum routes for those who are still at significant risk.
The hon.
Gentleman makes an important point about the continuing instability.
There is a lot that we simply do not know about how events will play out in Syria.
Those who have taken over, and who were involved in the initial overthrow of the Assad regime, initially said they would pursue an approach supporting minorities within Syria, but the developments we have seen in recent days raise questions about that.
We have also seen huge instability, with various organisations and groups operating across the country.
That is why we need to monitor this closely.
I think everybody wants to see greater stability.
We have also seen the initial signs of people wanting to return from Turkey to Syria, for example, in the first few days, but the situation is very unstable, which is why we need to approach this with care and with detailed monitoring of what is happening.
The Conservatives should be absolutely ashamed of their asylum and immigration policy, of their inactivity and of the complete mess in which they left Britain and our borders. [
Interruption.]
The anger and frustration they are showing is shared by my constituents in Portsmouth North on the small boat arrivals—their frustration continues to fill my inboxes.
When the Home Secretary came to power, she promised a relentless focus on these boats.
We have already heard today about co-operation with other countries on raids, arrests, seizures and stronger enforcement.
Will she assure my constituents in Portsmouth North that this is not a gimmick and that the focus will continue through the winter?
My hon.
Friend is right that the only way to deal with this issue is not through gimmicks—we have seen those fail time and again—or through the kind of posturing that the Conservative party continues with.
It will be dealt with only through partnership, hard work and graft.