The whole town centre was closed and many local businesses have been affected.
Sunday was meant to be a day of celebration, with Christmas markets, family games and community events.
Instead, the town faced a tragedy.
How can the Government support communities like Kirkby Lonsdale to rebuild and recover after tragedies such as this?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this awful situation.
We can only imagine the impact it must have had on the town and on the families and friends of the victims of this tragedy, and I commend the community, which has come together in an extraordinary way in the aftermath of this awful event.
I will ensure that she has a meeting with the relevant Minister to discuss how the Government can support her community at this vital time.
This week, I was contacted by my constituent, Sally, who is a GP.
She had called 999 on Monday to try to get an ambulance for a critically ill patient, but could not because all the ambulances were stuck outside Hereford A&E waiting to unload their patients.
At the same time,  we know that medically fit patients across the country are unable to be discharged because of the social care crisis.
What is the Prime Minister doing to fix social care and to fix patient flow through hospitals so that ambulances can get back to saving lives?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for raising this case.
It is something that is all too common because of the fact that the last Government broke the NHS.
She will have seen the Lord Darzi  report that we published on the state of the NHS—[Interruption.]
No, Members opposite should be utterly ashamed of themselves for what they did to our NHS.
The hon.
Lady raises an important point.
That is why we have put a record amount—£25 billion—into the NHS in the Budget.
We have set out in our priorities what we need to do with the NHS, and we will work at pace and as we hard as we possibly can.
She is right to raise this matter.
The Conservatives should hang their heads in shame.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I will make a statement on the new border security agreements we have reached with Germany and with the Calais group of Interior Ministers from the UK, France, Germany, Belgium and the Netherlands, which met in London yesterday with Europol, Frontex and the European Commission to discuss strengthening action against small boat crossings and organised immigration crime.
In the light of fast-moving events in the middle east, we also discussed the situation in Syria at the Calais group yesterday, and I will briefly address that issue first.
As the Foreign Secretary told the House, we welcome the fall of the Assad regime, but continue to closely monitor this fast-moving situation, where there is significant risk of instability.
Considering that, I have taken the decision to temporarily pause decisions on Syrian asylum claims.
All five Calais group countries have taken the same decision.
We will, of course, continue to keep all guidance relating to these asylum claims under constant review, and we will keep the House updated in the normal way.
Last week, I updated the House on the new agreement the Government have reached with the Iraqi Government and the Kurdistan regional authorities to tackle organised immigration crime.
This week, we have reached new strengthened agreements closer to home.
Smuggler and trafficking gangs have been allowed to get away with their vile trade in people for far too long.
Britain needs strong borders and a properly controlled and managed asylum and immigration system, but, for the past five years, we have had the opposite.
That is why we are prepared to do the hard graft to get the system back under control and tackle the gangs long before they reach our shores.