Gentleman is right that this is a very serious moment.
We all welcome the fall of Assad and I hope that this can be a much-needed turning point for Syria, but that is by no means guaranteed.
That is why we have been speaking intently and intensely with our allies in the region and across the globe about how we ensure that this is peaceful, political and a rejection of terrorism and violence.
This could be a turning point, but in the past we have thought that what comes next will necessarily be better and that has turned out not to be the case.
That is why we are working so hard on this and showing the leadership that the right hon.
Gentleman and the House would expect from this Government.
I thank the Prime Minister for that reply and hope that we can continue to work on a cross-party basis regarding Britain’s role in securing peace and stability in the middle east.
Moving on to another subject, British farmers are the best in the world, and that is because of our tradition of family farms, where from generation to generation a commitment to high-quality food, to our precious environment and to animal welfare is passed down.
But family farms were let down badly by the last Conservative Government, with their botched transition to new payment schemes and their unfair trade deals with Australia and New Zealand, which have undercut British farmers.
Now, many family farms feel that this Government’s Budget will be the final blow.
Will the Prime Minister change course and recognise the vital role that British family farms play?
As the right hon.
Gentleman knows, we put £5 billion into farming over the next two years, which is a record number, under the Budget, and last week alone there was £350 million to support farmers in the United Kingdom.
That contrasts with the last Government, under which there was an underspend of £300 million in relation to farmers.
On inheritance tax, as he knows, in a typical family case the threshold is £3 million, and therefore the vast majority of farmers will be unaffected, despite the fearmongering of the Conservative party.
Places of worship are vitally important not just for practising one’s faith, but for local heritage.
The Government’s listed places of worship grant scheme currently provides much-needed tax relief for religious buildings in need of renovation, but it is scheduled to end next year.
What assurances can the Prime Minister provide my constituents that the Government will continue to support restoring our much-cherished places of worship, such as Holy Trinity church in Horwich?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question and recognise the important roles that these buildings play at the heart of communities, particularly at a time like Christmas.
A wide range of funds are available for maintenance and restoration, including the National Lottery Heritage Fund’s places of worship scheme.
Details will be confirmed in the usual way by Departments at the spending review.
Last week, my neighbours Omar and Delal Al Shaqaqi, who serve south Belfast as a doctor and a classroom assistant, received the news they have been dreading.
Delal’s mother and brother were among 23 Gazans killed in their tent by an Israeli airstrike in the so-called humanitarian zone of Al-Mawasi, and other family members are fighting for their lives in a barely functioning health system.
The crisis in Gaza is getting worse, not better.
None of us in this Chamber can end their nightmare, but we can do more.
The Government have rightly used every tool at their disposal—including sanctions on arms, trade and officials—against Putin’s Russia.
When will Israel be held to the same standards for genocide?
When will this Government confirm further sanctions, recognise the state of Palestine, and offer some hope to beleaguered Gazans and the many millions who are watching on in horror?