Contrast that with Carlos Tavares, the CEO who quit days after making the decision to threaten more than 1,000 jobs in Luton.
Does the Prime Minister agree that in the light of the sudden departure of the CEO, Stellantis should review the decision, do what is right by our town and stay put for good or until an alternative is found, to ensure that Luton’s manufacturing history is also our future?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this issue, which is of grave concern to her constituents.
The Government are totally committed to supporting the workers and their families at this uncertain time.
The Industry Minister will meet the company this week to discuss plans for workers and the site, to ensure that dedicated support is in place.
We will continue to do so, because I know that it is an issue of considerable concern to her constituents.
Ben and Henry, otherwise known as the Ocean Oarsmen, will be rowing across the Atlantic next year for the Alexander Devine children’s hospice in Maidenhead, with a target of raising £50,000.
That hospice, Thames hospice and many others are struggling with rising costs and the planned increase in employer national insurance.
Will the Prime Minister join me in wishing Ben and Henry the best of luck on their journey, and will he take this opportunity to scrap the NI rise for hospices?
I pay tribute to Ben and Henry, and to everyone supporting their campaign.
It is an important issue, and the funding arrangements will be set out in due course.
For retail workers in Bolton North East, the busy Christmas season is overshadowed by shoplifting, which the Union of Shop, Distributive and Allied Workers’ latest survey identifies as the leading trigger  of abuse, threats and assaults.
At a police drop-in in Bromley Cross, officers welcomed the Government’s commitment to clamping down on low-level shoplifting and prosecuting repeat offenders.
What more can the Government do to tackle shoplifting and support retail workers and businesses during the critical holiday season?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this issue.
I have spoken to many who work in our shops who are very concerned about shoplifting.
It went out of control because of the approach taken by the previous Government.
We are bringing it under control.
It is not low level; it has a huge impact on other customers and a particular impact on staff working in supermarkets.
That is why we are dedicating funding to train police and retailers and to support specialist analyst teams to crack down on the gangs that are targeting retailers.
In the last few weeks of the last Government, we awarded millions of pounds to remote train stations such as Hedge End and Swanwick in my constituency under the Access for All scheme.
In the first two weeks of this Government, that was scrapped.
Will the Prime Minister use his good offices to give my constituents and stations across this country an early Christmas present, and give us our money back, please?
This is an important issue for the hon.
Gentleman’s constituents.
The problem is that the last Government made lots and lots of promises, but never set aside the money to pay for them.
That is why we picked up a £22 billion black hole.
They made promises on infected blood and on Horizon, but they did not put aside the money to pay for them.
We have had to inherit that and clean it up.
We will get on with delivery, but we have to balance the books and stabilise the economy first.
This past weekend, my market town of Kirkby Lonsdale suffered a devastating fire, resulting in the loss of a local man’s life.
The whole town centre was closed and many local businesses have been affected.
Sunday was meant to be a day of celebration, with Christmas markets, family games and community events.
Instead, the town faced a tragedy.