The Government have rightly used every tool at their disposal—including sanctions on arms, trade and officials—against Putin’s Russia.
When will Israel be held to the same standards for genocide?
When will this Government confirm further sanctions, recognise the state of Palestine, and offer some hope to beleaguered Gazans and the many millions who are watching on in horror?
May I start by saying that I am sorry to hear of the dreadful loss of the families of the hon.
Member’s constituents?
There have been far too many examples like that.
I was pleased to see that there is now a ceasefire in Lebanon.
We desperately need that now in Gaza, which is something we have been pressing for, for some time.
There are intense talks going on to that end at the moment, as she knows.
That ceasefire would provide the space for the hostages to be allowed out.
They have been there for a very long time.
It would allow desperately needed aid to go in at speed and at scale, but it also opens the potential for the pathway to the two-state solution, which I believe is the only peaceful way to resolve this ongoing conflict.
My constituents in the east of Kirkintilloch are experiencing a housing emergency.
There are not enough houses for families or for those fleeing domestic abuse, and what houses there are are in drastic need of repair.
Does the Prime Minister agree that the Scottish Government should prioritise repairing that housing emergency and funding local authorities to address this crisis of their own making?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that, because in Scotland house building has ground to a halt, homelessness is at record numbers and children in temporary accommodation are at record numbers.
This Budget was the biggest settlement for Scotland since devolution, so the Scottish Government have got the powers and they have got the money; what they have not got are any more excuses.
The people of Thornbury have been promised a new health facility for more than 20 years, but they have seen every proposal fall by the wayside.
That is why it was a great relief to residents when the Minister for Secondary Care) confirmed to me in writing that the funding to rebuild the centre would be made available.
However, we are still months away from seeing the final plans signed off, never mind having spades in the ground.
What reassurances can the Prime Minister therefore give me and my constituents that this is not just another hollow promise and that the proposals will be approved swiftly once they hit the Health Secretary’s desk?
What the hon.
Lady raises is obviously a cause of concern for her constituents.
We are determined to fix the broken NHS that we inherited from the Conservative party, and we have set out our targets in the “Plan for Change” last week.
As she knows, the Department of Health and Social Care, NHS England and the local care board are working together to deliver for patients in her constituency.
It is important, as she will appreciate, that we go through the proper business case as part of the rebuild, but I can make sure she gets a meeting with the relevant Minister to be updated on behalf of her constituents.
Following years of real-terms cuts to its funding, St Catherine’s hospice, which serves my constituency, has recently made a number of redundancies.
Palliative care is hugely important to our communities, and I pay tribute to those who work in it.
Will the Prime Minister join  me in thanking St Catherine’s for its work and outline how the Government will look to support palliative care moving forward?
I join my hon.
Friend in that, and I recognise the vital role that hospices play in providing support to people at the end of their life.
I understand the challenges that they face.