What lessons can the new Government learn from the Welsh Labour Government on keeping our women and girls safe?
As my hon.
Friend says, the Welsh Government’s violence against women and girls strategy has been pioneering delivery on that important issue for two years now.
The UK Government’s aim of halving violence against women and girls in a decade is ambitious, and learning lessons from the Welsh Government will help.
As part of their long-standing commitment to tackling violence against women and girls, South Wales police have introduced new measures, including the Cardiff safety buses, which have received national recognition for safeguarding more than 3,000 vulnerable people on the streets of Cardiff since September 2021.
I call Jim Shannon.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Hear, hear! [
Interruption.]
Go on, Jim!
Do you always have the last question before Prime Minister’s questions deliberately, Jim?
It is up to you, Mr Speaker, but you always call me; you are very kind.
Thank you.
Tackling violence against women and girls can be done regionally, but is it not time to do it on a national level, with England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland working together?
Absolutely; that is central to our manifesto.
Our commitments will take in the whole of the UK—particularly the Home Office commitments on policing, and the commitments in the legislation that we intend to bring forward.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 11 December.
May I start by welcoming the fall of Assad?
The people of Syria suffered for far too long under his brutal regime.
What comes next is far from certain.
We have been talking to regional and global allies to ensure that it is a political solution that protects civilians and minorities, and absolutely rejects terrorism and violence.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
I associate myself with the Prime Minister’s remarks welcoming the fall of Assad, and with his hope for the Syrian people.
Since Middlesbrough council has returned to Labour control under Mayor Chris Cooke, it is no longer subject to Government intervention in its children’s services or to a best value notice—and it is on track to become financially stable.
I know that the Prime Minister will want to join me in congratulating Mayor Cooke and the council on their recent successes.
Can he confirm that the spending review will not simply end 14 years of  Conservative austerity, but will unwind it, and provide the resources that councils need to properly serve our communities?
I join my hon.
Friend in paying tribute to that mayor, and to all local representatives across the country, who did a fantastic job even when funding was cut to the bone during the past 14 years of Tory government.
We are boosting local government funding by £4 billion, and investing £1.6 billion to improve roads.
I was proud to see the work on the carbon capture cluster in Teesside, which will create 2,000 new jobs.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
Last week, the Prime Minister did not seem to want to talk about appointing fraudsters to his Cabinet.
In fact, he seemed to want to talk about immigration, so let us talk about immigration.
He has relaunched yet again, with many new targets, six milestones and five missions, but why was cutting immigration not a priority?
I am glad that the Leader of the Opposition now wants to talk about immigration.
Last week, she said that she did not want to—and for good reason, because the previous Government presided over record high levels of immigration.
The figures just a few weeks ago showed net migration of nearly 1 million.
That is unprecedented—a one nation experiment in open borders under the last Government.