I call the shadow Home Secretary.
I thank the Home Secretary for the timely sight of her statement, and I thank her for her comments on Syria.
We certainly support the efforts of this Government and others around the world to secure a transition to a stable Government in Syria that can ensure the return of peace.
We also support the suspension of asylum processing; I am glad that the Government made that decision a few hours after I called for it yesterday.
Does the Home Secretary agree that, given that most if not all the asylum claims are predicated on the threat posed to the individual by former President Assad, now that that threat has gone and the basis for the asylum claims has therefore gone, it would be reasonable to ask Syrians who are claiming or have recently been granted asylum on that basis to return once they are safe?
Earlier today, the Leader of the Opposition asked the Prime Minister if he would ensure that no former UK residents who are in Syria and who supported the murderous Daesh regime that killed and raped innocent women and children, persecuted minorities and severely persecuted its opponents return to the UK.
In government, the Conservatives ensured that those people did not return—the Shamima Begum case was an example—so will the Home Secretary take similarly robust action to ensure that people who supported Daesh do not return to the United Kingdom?
I think the House would appreciate such an assurance.
Let me now turn to the question of small boats and border security.
The Home Secretary asserted, I must say rather boldly, that her approach was “delivering  results” , but I am afraid the facts do not bear that out.
Let us have a look at the results that are actually being delivered.
In the 150 days since the election, more than 20,000 people dangerously and illegally crossed the English channel, 18% more than did so in the same 150 days in the previous year.
I do not call an 18% year-on-year increase “delivering results”; that is a failure.
Why are these figures up year on year?
The National Crime Agency told us that we needed a deterrent but that law enforcement alone would not be enough, yet the Government cancelled the Rwanda deterrent before it had even started.
The first flight was due to take off on  24 July , and they cancelled it before it even took off.
Of course we welcome the law enforcement that continues the work done by the last Government, but according to the NCA that alone will not be enough, so we need a deterrent.
When will the Home Secretary introduce one?
In the spirit of examining the right hon.
Lady’s claim that she is delivering results, let us look at the Government’s record on asylum hotels.
In their manifesto, they promised to close down and end the use of asylum hotels.
According to figures that we obtained recently, in the three months following the election, far from reducing asylum hotel use they increased it, by 6,066 people.
In places such as Peterborough and Altrincham, which are now represented by Labour MPs, asylum hotels were opened up in express contradiction of their own manifesto commitment.
Let me say a word about removals.
It is welcome that overall removals have gone up, continuing the trend under the previous Government, although I observe that almost all those removals were to European and North American countries.
The Home Secretary did not break out the numbers on small boat returns, and I wonder why that was.
I have looked into the figures, and it turns out that in the three months after the election, less than 5% of people crossing by small boat were returned.