I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend, representatives from the Mersey Dee region, and Growth Track 360.
Today, thousands of farmers have descended on this place in a further bid to get the Government to listen and to realise the consequences of their actions.
Is it not time to do the right thing by those who feed our nation and stop the family farm tax grab, which will see our farms decimated and our food security put in jeopardy?
That certainly will not help economic growth.
The UK Budget delivered £5 billion for farming over the next two years, and I was pleased that this Government were able to protect Welsh farm budgets for the next financial year.
Yesterday’s Welsh Budget allocation confirmed protection of the basic payment scheme funding for the next year, and provided additional revenue and capital funding to help the sector transition to the new sustainable farming scheme.
That has been welcomed by farming unions across Wales.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help improve transport connectivity between Wales and the rest of the UK.
The Government are absolutely committed to working collaboratively with the Welsh Government to improve transport connectivity within Wales and with the rest of the UK.
We are already making progress.
Network Rail and Transport for Wales announced a joint programme, which, as the Secretary of State said, will see 50% more timetabled services on the north Wales main line.
I was delighted to see the tri-mode trains brought into service on the south Wales metro last month.
The lower Thames crossing is a vital link between our channel ports and Holyhead port.
I know Labour is against new road building in Wales, but a north Wales corridor connecting our ports would be a vital piece of transport infrastructure for our whole country.
Will the Minister lobby the Welsh Government on that, for Wales and for our entire United Kingdom?
I remind the right hon.
Member that Holyhead was recently given freeport tax status, and I assure him that the Welsh Government have not ruled out a third Northern Ireland crossing.
On our transport policy in Wales, casualties fell by a quarter on 20-mph and 30-mph roads last year.
Does the Minister agree that that will be of great comfort to schools like Osbaston in my constituency, and to parents like Rhiannon in Flintshire, who praised the scheme for helping to save her son’s life after he was hit by a car?
Indeed.
The Welsh Government have been clear that the priority objective of the 20-mph policy was to save lives and reduce casualties.
Recent collisions data provide an encouraging sign that the policy is moving in the right direction.
What recent discussions she has had with the Welsh Government on tackling violence against women and girls.
The Government hold regular discussions with the Welsh Government on tackling violence against women and girls to help drive forward the Government’s ambition to halve violence against women and girls in a decade.
Most recently, on  13 November , the Under-Secretary of State for the Home Department, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham Yardley (Jess Phillips) , who has responsibility for safeguarding, met the Welsh Minister for Social Care and the Welsh Cabinet Secretary for Social Justice.
They discussed in detail measures to tackle violence against women and girls.
The safety of women and girls is as important in Newcastle-under-Lyme as it is up and down our United Kingdom.
The Welsh Government have had a violence against women and girls strategy since 2022.
Sadly, the previous UK Government did not have one for my constituents in England.
What lessons can the new Government learn from the Welsh Labour Government on keeping our women and girls safe?
As my hon.
Friend says, the Welsh Government’s violence against women and girls strategy has been pioneering delivery on that important issue for two years now.