On returns, I gently point out to the shadow Home Secretary that by the time the Conservatives left office, returns were down by more than a quarter compared with under the last Labour Government because of the Conservatives’ continued failure to even get the system working.
That is why we have put substantial additional resources into returns and into making sure that the rules are enforced, which they simply have not been for far too long.
On the asylum backlog, perhaps the shadow Home Secretary will take responsibility for the total crashing of the asylum system in the last few months before the general election, when the Conservative party and the Home Office of which he was a part ended up cutting asylum decisions by more than 70% compared with the beginning of the year.
That shocking dereliction of duty means that we have had to deal with the increased backlog that his party left behind over the summer, and we are getting it back under control.
There are some important issues on asylum decisions involving Syrians.
Let us be clear: many claims for asylum relate to the Assad regime, which is clearly not in place now.
It would therefore not be appropriate to grant asylum decisions on those cases in the current circumstances.
We need to monitor the evolving situation so that we can get new country guidance in place and take those decisions, but we will do that in a sensible and serious way, which is about getting the asylum and immigration systems back under control.
By contrast, the shadow Home Secretary and the Conservative party seem simply to want to go back to the Rwanda scheme.
Once again, I point out to them that it cost the taxpayer £700 million and sent just four volunteers to Kigali—the most shocking waste of public money, over two years, on a failing scheme.
All they delivered were gimmicks, instead of ever getting a grip, and all the shadow Home Secretary wants to do is turn the clock back to failure again.
It is so refreshing to have a Home Secretary who is actually targeting those who exploit refugees.
I understand what she says about the evolving situation in Syria, and  I welcome what she has just said about new country guidance.
May I press her a little bit more, though?
She will understand and recognise that the Syrian community in this country, which many of us have been proud to welcome and support, is unsettled.
There are 6,500 claims in process.
When does she expect to have a refreshed assessment?
We know that the situation in Syria is very uncertain at the moment.
Can she please give our Syrian community some comfort about the direction of travel?
We are obviously reviewing the situation as swiftly as possible.
We have withdrawn the previous Syria country guidance, because it would not have been appropriate to take decisions on that basis, and we are monitoring the situation closely to look at how and when new country guidance can be drawn up.
My hon.
Friend will understand that there is considerable uncertainty about what is happening in Syria.
We have welcomed the removal of the Assad regime.
However, much is still unknown about what will happen in Syria next, which is why we have to be serious about this matter and monitor the situation closely.
Other countries are doing the same.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I thank the Home Secretary for her statement, and for advance sight of it.
On Syria, this is a fast-moving situation, and it is absolutely right that the temporary pause on decisions on Syrian asylum claims is kept under constant review.
The UK should be doing all it can to help secure an orderly transition of power in Syria in accordance with international law, and the Government should move to offer asylum seekers and others certainty about their claims as soon as possible.