I call the shadow Secretary of State.
First, my sympathies go out to all residents and businesses impacted by the weekend’s storm.
I also thank Andrew R. T. Davies for his leadership of our party in the Senedd, and I wish Darren Millar well.
The UK Labour Chancellor has plummeted business confidence through the floor with her Budget actions on the family farm tax and the new jobs tax, and by whacking the hospitality sector with an £1 billion bill, according to UK Hospitality.
Will the Secretary of State confirm that there is no benefit for Wales, despite her figures, and that this is simply a money merry-go-round taking from Welsh businesses, destroying jobs in the meantime, and squashing growth, meaning poorer public services as the frontline remains squeezed?
I appreciate that the hon.
Lady, representing a constituency on the south coast of England, may not be familiar with the landscape of businesses in Wales.
In Wales, 94.6% of small and medium-sized enterprises are microbusinesses, and 3.8% are small businesses.
We protected the smallest businesses and more than doubled the employment allowance to £10,500 in the Budget, meaning that over half of small and microbusinesses will pay less or no national insurance contributions at all.
I call the Plaid Cymru spokesperson.
The Secretary of State celebrates funding for Wales yet fails to mention that, outside of the NHS, the Welsh Government Budget is 10% lower in real terms compared with—wait for it—2010.
This falls far short of fixing the foundations of collapsing public services.
Does she believe that a Budget that leaves Wales with less compared with 14 years ago is really a Budget worth celebrating?
I think someone should get the right hon.
Lady a calculator, because the Plaid Cymru asks for the Budget would create at least £5 billion a year in unfunded bills for the taxpayer.
Its plans for HS2, the winter fuel allowance and the two-child benefit cap would mean significant spending cuts in Wales.
We are not prepared to subject the people of Wales to that.
If she wants further investment in Wales, her party needs to vote for the Welsh Government Budget in the Senedd.
I am glad that the Secretary of State has mentioned HS2, because her Government’s Budget confirmed that HS2 will run to Euston, and that stretch alone will cost £9.4 billion.
HS2 construction work also means that passengers from Wales will face disruption, as trains will be diverted away from Paddington for seven years.
She previously said that HS2 is “no longer in existence.”
Does she stand by this statement, given that Welsh passengers will bear the huge costs of this project?
The right hon.
Lady knows that I was referring to the second phase of HS2, which the Conservative Government cancelled.
And she knows, because I have said it before and will say it again, that I remain very angry about the previous Government’s broken promises on rail and on HS2.
I am working in partnership with the Welsh Government to develop a long-term, sustainably funded package of much-needed rail infrastructure improvements.
I met Great Western Railway with the Under-Secretary of State for Wales, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Llanelli (Dame Nia Griffith) , just last week to discuss mitigations in relation to Old Oak Common.
I call the Chair of the Welsh Affairs Committee.
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on support for clean energy projects in Wales.
This Government are supporting clean energy projects in Wales.
Seven tidal, solar and onshore wind projects were successful in the recent contracts for difference round, and we have given the Celtic and Anglesey freeports the green light, which will enable green industries to grow, creating new jobs.
I am also delighted that 13 projects have been successful in the first round of the Crown Estate’s £50 million supply chain accelerator fund, which will support the delivery of floating offshore wind in the Celtic sea.