If you have not got the guts to stand up to the comments, you should not be in here.
The Prime Minister did not answer a single question.
He never answers questions.
He wants to talk about the past; the fact is that we have acknowledged where things went wrong, but he will never take responsibility.
He has scrapped a deterrent that the National Crime Agency said we need.
Since he came into government and scrapped the Rwanda deterrent, small boats arrivals have increased by nearly 20%.
His own MPs are complaining about having to house asylum seekers, so can the Prime Minister tell the House how much more his Government will spend on hotel accommodation because he scrapped the deterrent?
I am invited to tell the House what went wrong under the last Government—that would take us all afternoon.
We are going to smash the gangs that are running this vile trade.
We signed a landmark agreement with Germany this week. [
Interruption.]
Order.
Mr Philp, you have been very loud.
I think now we are going to have a little bit of silence from you.
This week, we signed a landmark agreement with Germany.
The Leader of the Opposition should welcome that, because it will make sure that we  have the powers to take enforcement action across the continent, where it is needed.
We have set up the Border Security Command; we have committed £75 million on top of the existing £75 million; and we are extending the powers, so that they are like counter-terrorism powers.
We have returned 9,400 people who should not be here.
A record flight got off.
The Opposition talk about getting flights off, and have done for years, but they did not succeed.
We got the flights off.
The Prime Minister says that he wants to smash the gangs; the only thing he has smashed is his own reputation.
What he has been agreeing is not going to do anything.
The cost of the Iraq agreement is half a million pounds.
That would not even buy a house in his constituency.
Many of the things that he is taking credit for are our agreements.
Let us talk about what he put in his manifesto.
The Prime Minister promised to end asylum hotels.
He promised, and he is Prime Minister now.
But in Altrincham and Peterborough, his Government are expanding the use of asylum hotels, because he unilaterally disarmed the deterrent.
In fact, a man who arrived by small boat told Sky News he was “happy” Labour was in power.
That man said the Conservatives
“wanted to deport us”
but Labour is
“making the procedure easier for us”.
He is right, isn’t he?
The Leader of the Opposition should welcome the Iraq deal.
Anybody who wants to deal with this vile trade would have welcomed it.
She should also welcome the German deal that we did this week.
Many of the boats that are finding their way to the channel are coming through Germany.
That is well documented.
There has been a difficulty in taking enforcement action, which, if she spent more time researching that than her terrible jokes, she would know about.
We have signed an agreement to take enforcement action in Germany to stop those boats getting to the coast.
That is effective action.
She should welcome it; it is really good news.
All law enforcement thinks that it is a good thing.
Why does she think it is a bad thing?
Because the numbers are going up, under his watch.
The Prime Minister has consistently backed criminals over law-abiding British people.
He defended terrorists like Hizb ut-Tahrir in the European Court.
He argued that “all immigration law” had a “racist undercurrent”.
He voted against life sentences for people smugglers.
He voted against more than 100 measures to control migration.
He even said it was wrong when the Conservatives took away Shamima Begum’s citizenship.