Friend.
As I say, there was a record settlement from Welsh Government yesterday, with £610 million announced to bring down waiting lists and increase capacity in the NHS and social care.
If the parties on the Opposition Benches want more money and more investment in the NHS, they need to tell their colleagues in the Senedd to vote for the Budget.
The Welsh Budget yesterday announced significant extra funding for the NHS in Wales.
I am surprised: why are the parties on the Opposition Benches voting against it?
I think their stance on the Welsh Government Budget says it all.
They are more bothered about scoring cheap political points than they are about delivering services and investment for Wales.
I call the shadow Secretary of State for Wales.
The NHS in Wales is broken.
Under Labour, waits continue and no family, it seems, is without somebody waiting in an ever-growing queue.
It is the highest on record, with one in four of the Welsh population on a waiting list.
In September, 801,000 people were in need of treatment.
If someone has lost their winter fuel allowance, along with any hope of seeing a GP or consultant and getting social care, what does the Secretary of State really have to say and do to reassure older people that the Labour Government here and in the Senedd have the ability to tackle that disgrace of a backlog?
I say to the hon.
Lady that both the Welsh and the UK Governments are looking after pensioners in Wales.
We made the tough, but right, decision on winter fuel payments, given our economic inheritance from the previous Conservative Government.
We are focused on delivering funding and support to the people who need it most.
There has already been a 152% increase in pension credit claims since July’s announcement, and those people who receive the winter fuel payment will get, on average, an extra £1,900 a year in pension credit.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Residents in rural Powys are suffering as a consequence of delays to ambulances turning up, or, in some cases, of those ambulances not turning up at all.
In one recent example, the family of a stroke victim in my constituency had to drive their paralysed and vomiting mother in a car to a hospital in Hereford, after being told that there would be a four to seven-hour wait for an ambulance, and that was after they had already been  waiting two hours for an ambulance to arrive.
Shockingly, that is not an isolated case; it is an experience to which many people across rural Wales can relate.
Will the Secretary of State tell me what action she is taking to reassure my constituents that an ambulance will turn up in their hour of need?
I am very sorry to hear about the experience of the hon.
Gentleman’s constituent.
Yesterday, the Welsh Government announced £610 million additional funding for the Welsh NHS and for social care.
I hope that his colleagues in the Senedd will vote for the Welsh Government Budget so that we can see that investment go into the NHS to deliver the improvements in waiting times that we all want to see.
What steps she is taking to strengthen the Union.
We are working in close partnership with the Welsh Government to grow our economy and unleash Wales’s potential.
This has already delivered tangible results, including securing more than £1 billion investment and hundreds of jobs for north Wales, a better deal for steelworkers at Port Talbot, and a record budget settlement for the Welsh Government to spend on public services, including providing funding to keep coal tips safe, which the previous Government did not do.
I was pleased to hear the Secretary of State announce the Welsh economic growth advisory group.