He voted against life sentences for people smugglers.
He voted against more than 100 measures to control migration.
He even said it was wrong when the Conservatives took away Shamima Begum’s citizenship.
Now he has appointed her defence lawyer as his Attorney General.
Events in Syria mean that we may see more small boat arrivals.
For once, will he take the side of the British people, and strip citizenship from jihadi terrorists and supporters of Assad who want to come back and destroy this country?
I was Director of Public Prosecutions for five years.
Unlike anyone on the Conservatives’ Benches, for five years, I was prosecuting hundreds of thousands of criminals.
That includes huge terrorist gangs and rapists.
For three of those five years, I was working with the then Home Secretary, Theresa May, who commended the work that I did at the end of those  five years.
The Leader of the Opposition stands there and says that I have not done anything in law enforcement; I dedicated five years of my life to law enforcement, and locking up criminals, which is more than she can say.
It would be easier to take the Opposition seriously if they actually got serious—not a sliver of remorse, not a hint of contrition.
It is like the arsonist complaining about the people who are trying to put the fire out.
All they do is come every week with more and more complaints.
Just wait till they get their hands on the people who created the mess that we are clearing up.
We are fixing the economy; we are ending their open borders policy; and we are taking down the waiting lists.
That is what people voted for; we are delivering it.
In the last couple of months since I spoke to the Prime Minister here about the need for social and industrial investment in Cornwall, we have had a fresh tranche of shared prosperity funding, a huge boost to international interest in our cleanest energy industries, and a road map to greater political autonomy that reflects Cornwall’s unique national identity.
Will the PM join his Minister on that visit in the spring to meet representatives of those industries at first hand, and spell out a road map for Cornwall, to help Britain become a clean energy superpower?
I thank my hon.
Friend.
He is a champion of the extraordinary potential of Cornwall, particularly in our transition to clean power by 2030.
Next week, we will publish our English devolution White Paper, setting out our ambitions to move power from Westminster into every part of England, including Cornwall, and I know that he and his colleagues are meeting the Deputy Prime Minister to discuss this next week.
I call the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
While Syrians are rejoicing at the overthrow of the brutal Assad regime, many people there and around the world are worried about what comes next, as indeed the Prime Minister said, with threats of extremism, ISIS terrorism and unsecured chemical weapons.
Only an open political process can bring peace and stability, but that will require the full backing of the international community.
Does the Prime Minister share my concern that President-elect Trump said about Syria:
“The United States should have nothing to do with it”?
If America steps away, will the Prime Minister step up and work with other allies to provide British leadership over Syria?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right that this is a very serious moment.
We all welcome the fall of Assad and I hope that this can be a much-needed turning point for Syria, but that is by no means guaranteed.
That is why we have been speaking intently and intensely with our allies in the region and across the globe about how we ensure that this is peaceful, political and a rejection of terrorism and violence.