Member for South Antrim (Robin Swann) .
I thank the Minister for her answers today.
We very much welcome the news that we are to enhance our nuclear programme—that security can only be good for our whole nation.
However, the estimates I have read still put our nuclear capability well below the threat posed by Russia, so how can we continue to build our nuclear capability, and how can Northern Ireland play a   part in that work?
The Minister is always committed to helping Northern Ireland, so I am very keen to hear how that will work.
The hon.
Gentleman is usually last, but never least, and he is not even last on this occasion.
I agree that it is important that we strengthen the credibility of our deterrence, which is why we are committed to building the four replacement boats that will carry our continuous at-sea deterrent and up to 12 SSNs through SSN-AUKUS.
We are doubling the drumbeat of our construction of submarines over time, which I think sends a pretty powerful signal to potential adversaries that our CASD, and our capacity to defend and to use it, is going to be significantly strengthened over the coming period.
I am glad to say that I have found general support for that in this House, which I welcome.
The Minister referenced the political steering group that will be set up between the two nations.
Are there any concerns—either within Government or within the Ministry of Defence—about sharing intelligence with a separate political steering group that will sit outside of, or adjacent to, NATO?
The steering group is about political policymaking rather than intelligence.
I am sure that appropriate arrangements will be established if there is any such issue, but I do not anticipate that there will be a problem.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
A point of order relevant to this debate?
Indeed.
May I seek your guidance on how to set the record straight?
Following the question from  the hon.
Member for Brent West (Barry Gardiner) , the Minister criticised the fact that I only partially referred to a quote from the declaration text.
To be clear, I have not seen the declaration.
It was leaked to the media overnight; that was all I could read from, and I am none the wiser from the answers we have just had.
Order.
Please, we cannot keep the debate going.
You have made the point and it is on the record—let us move on.
Will the Leader of the House give the House the forthcoming business?
The business for the week commencing  14 July  includes:
Monday 14 July —Committee of the whole House and remaining stages of the Deprivation of Citizenship Orders (Effect during Appeal) Bill, following which the Chairman of Ways and Means is expected to name opposed private business for consideration.
Tuesday 15 July —Opposition day (9th allotted day).
Debate on a motion in the name of the official Opposition.
Subject to be announced.
Wednesday 16 July —Second Reading of the Property (Digital Assets etc) Bill [Lords], followed by a debate on a motion relating to the Committee on Standards’ third report of Session 2024-25 on register of interests of Members’ staff, followed by a general debate on giving every child the best start in life.
Thursday 17 July —General debate on the global plastics treaty, followed by a general debate on ageing community and end-of-life care.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 18 July —The House will not be sitting.
The provisional business for the week commencing  21 July  will include:
Monday 21 July —General debate on the 80th anniversary of victory over Japan.
Tuesday 22 July —The Sir David Amess summer Adjournment debate.
The subject for this debate was determined by the Backbench Business Committee.