That is why the Liberal Democrats set out our five principles for SEND reform in England yesterday.
Principle No.
1 is ensuring that children’s and families’ voices are at the heart of the reform process.
Indeed, the Prime Minister said yesterday that he wants
“to work with parents and teachers to get this right.
”—[Official Report,  9 July 2025 ; Vol.
770, c. 941.]
Will the Leader of the House ask the Secretary of State for Education to make a statement explaining exactly how their voices are being not just heard, but understood as part of the SEND reform process, and will she join me in condemning the outrageous practice of issuing legal threats to parents who are simply trying to do their best for their children?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising that important issue, which I know she and many in her party care deeply about, as do most on the Government Benches.
As she says—I think it is widely accepted—we inherited a SEND system in crisis; I think any parent or any constituency MP who has been supporting families through this system knows that it is broken and needs addressing.
I join her in highlighting the LBC investigation, which has really shone a light on some of these issues.
On the process, I reassure the hon.
Lady that we absolutely want to and will build consensus on these issues—we have been very clear about that.
We will be working with parents, teachers, campaigners and professionals right across the system to develop those reforms and to fix the system, which is much needed.
We will continue that engaged dialogue over the summer before publishing a White Paper in the autumn; that White Paper will, of course, be followed by all the processes and discussions that would normally follow.
I will ensure that the House is kept updated throughout.
At a time when just 26% of the UK’s science, technology, engineering and mathematics workforce are women, I am incredibly proud that Croydon high school in my constituency is on course to become the first all-girls school in the world to design, build and launch a CubeSat into space, following a successful live flight test this month.
This group of students are testament to what is possible when we encourage our girls to reach for the stars.
Will the Leader of the House join me in congratulating the Astrogazers team on their pioneering work, and will she allow time for a debate on how we can open up more opportunities to girls in science, technology and engineering across all our schools?
As a STEM graduate myself, I absolutely endorse what my hon.
Friend says.
Girls are often better at science and maths in many ways, but they just do not pick it.
I strongly congratulate the Astrogazers team and the school in my hon.
Friend’s constituency, and encourage all the girls involved to get into a career in science, engineering and technology.
I call the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee.
I thank the Leader of the House for announcing the business in the Chamber.
If she could also look forward to the September sitting and give us dates early, it would help us to plan debates in the Chamber.
In addition to the business that the Leader of the House has announced, we will have the following debates in Westminster Hall: on  Tuesday 15 July , there will be a debate on SEND provision in the south-east; on  Thursday 17 July , there will be a debate on the role of freedom of religion or belief in UK foreign policy, followed by a debate on the role of the RAF photographic reconnaissance unit during the second world war; and on  Tuesday 22 July , there will be a debate on Black Country Day.