I am not quite sure whether it is relevant, but please answer if you are happy to, Minister.
It is in the common understanding, and we want a deeper relationship with our partners in the EU on this issue.
I call the shadow Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster.
In their plan for change, the Government pledged to get the country the highest sustained growth in the G7—or back to where the Conservative Government left it.
However, it seems that this Government are on course to fail.
All respected international analysis—by the OECD, the World Bank, the International Monetary Fund and so on—suggests that over the next four years, the UK economy will grow nothing like as fast as the United States or Canada.
What analysis can the Minister point to that suggests otherwise?
Since coming into government a year ago, we have taken measures to fix the mess left behind by the Conservatives.
That is why, in the first quarter of this year, we were the fastest growing economy in the G7; interests rates have gone down four times, meaning people are paying less on their mortgages; and wages are rising faster than prices.
That is the difference that a Labour Government make.
It is no surprise that the Minister could not point to any analysis, because no such analysis exists.
That is because the Government have no plan for growth.
They do have a plan for tax, and they have a plan for borrowing—much more borrowing.
The Office for Budget Responsibility’s excoriating report earlier this week highlighted just how dangerous that is.
Indeed, under this Government, there is the very real prospect  of a sovereign debt crisis.
Where is the Government’s plan to avoid that?
It is not clear that the markets can wait until November.
Our plan for growth is central to this mission-driven Government.
Our investment in housing—building 1.5 million homes—will add £7 billion to the economy by the end of the Parliament.
We are getting building, with spades in the ground on our rail and road projects, and getting on where the Tories failed this country for 14 years.
What progress he has made on publishing a tracking dashboard for the plan for change metrics.
What progress he has made on publishing a tracking dashboard for the plan for change metrics.
What progress he has made on publishing a tracking dashboard for the plan for change metrics.
Our plan for change is already delivering for the British people, as the Minister without Portfolio, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Lewisham West and East Dulwich (Ellie Reeves) , has just said: wages up more in the first 10 months of our Government than in 10 years under the previous Government; a new nuclear age with £14 billion committed to building Sizewell C as a critical part of our clean energy transition; and NHS waiting lists down by more than 200,000 for the first time in years.
What a contrast to the record of the Conservatives.
Will the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster reassure the House that once he has actually started publishing the tracking dashboard for the plan for change, the six milestones will not go the same way as the three foundations, the six first steps for change, the five missions and the seven pillars of growth, and that it will not be abandoned and replaced when the Government realise they are missing their targets?
If the hon.
Gentleman wants more facts about delivery, let me help him out right now.
Last week we launched the biggest social and affordable housing programme in a generation, meeting a need that has been unmet for years in this country; we have extended free school meals to half a million more children; and this year, we will be putting 3,000 more neighbourhood police back on the beat.
I am very happy to give the hon.
Gentleman all the figures he wants.