What has the media reaction been to all this?
Internationally, The Economist described the Prime Minister’s first year as “wasted”.
Time called it “a catalogue of errors”.
The normally sympathetic New York Times commented that Britain’s Prime Minister is
“fading away before our eyes”.
Even supportive British newspapers have not been able to disguise their dismay.
The Financial Times has bewailed Labour’s “drift”, and The Guardian its “lack of vision”—not my words, but those of some of the most respected newspapers in the world.
Finally, what do the poor, suffering public make of all this?
We know what a laser focus those in 10 Downing Street keep on the polls, and it will not have escaped their notice that the Prime Minister’s approval rating is now at -35.
No Government in recent times have ever lost public support after an election faster than this one.
How mortified the Prime Minister must be to be wrenched back almost weekly from the perfumed chanceries of Europe to the grimmer realities of domestic politics.
We need not dwell on the pieties and pomposities of Labour’s pronouncements about stability and trust before the July 2024 election.
These are the facts, they speak for themselves, and they say only this: must do better—a lot better.
May I join the shadow Leader of the House in marking the 20th anniversary of the 7/7 bombings?
We all remember that day well, and I am sure that the  whole House will want to remember all those who died and those who were affected by it.
May I also take this opportunity to welcome the newly announced new director of the Independent Complaints and Grievance Scheme, the highly qualified Miriam Minty, who will be starting in September?
As the shadow Leader of the House said, this week we welcomed the French President to the UK for a state visit.
I thought his address to both Houses on Tuesday was excellent and historic, and I thank you, Mr Speaker, your team and all those involved in organising it.
I thought that it underlined the deep and enduring relationship between our two great countries.
The visit concludes today with a summit, and I will ensure that the House is updated at the earliest opportunity on any agreements that we come to as part of that.
I have to say it is a bit galling that, week in, week out, the right hon.
Gentleman raises the proposed strike action by junior doctors, which is extremely disappointing.
We do not think strike action is necessary, given that the NHS is finally moving in the right direction.
Strikes would put that recovery at risk, affecting patients and letting down our collective obligations to those we are here to serve.
We have delivered a very generous pay settlement, but we are keen to work constructively.
The Health Secretary’s door remains open—he will be in the House shortly.
Our approach is very different from that which the Conservatives left us.
They left the NHS on its knees, with waiting lists at a record high, and with over half a million appointments and operations cancelled due to strike action in just one year.
And it was not just the doctors; the rail strikes cost the economy over £1 billion, the teachers’ strike lost 600 teaching days in one year, and the Conservatives went to war with public sector workers week in, week out.
I did notice, though, that the Leader of the Opposition is today giving a speech in which she will talk about the “ticking time bomb” that has been left.
Too right there is a ticking time bomb—it is the Conservatives’ ticking time bomb.
We all know that they left mines all over the place, and we are having to sweep them out.
The right hon.
Gentleman wants to know how our first year in office is going, and I am happy to tell him.