Friend has set out, since Labour came to power, we have seen waiting lists continue to fall, with our 2 million new appointments, but the Scottish people have not seen the same benefits.
Luckily, though, they do not need to wait long to vote for a Labour Government with a plan to change that.
If he will bring forward legislative proposals to introduce a legal duty of candour on public bodies.
We are fully committed to introducing a Hillsborough law, including a legal duty of candour for public servants and criminal sanctions for those who refuse to comply.
We have been engaging with the families and we will continue to do so.
There is a long list of MPs, Ministers and Prime Ministers on both sides of the House who enabled the establishment cover-up at Hillsborough, which denied justice to the victims and survivors.
There have been only a few honourable exceptions of politicians who did the right thing.
The establishment is a powerful force, and it takes real courage to confront its deep-rooted fear of accountability.
Given that the Government have so far failed to deliver their promise to enact the Hillsborough law, does the Minister recognise that this is a continuation of the betrayal of the Hillsborough families, survivors and all those affected by state cover-ups?
If he does recognise that, will he support the Second Reading of the Hillsborough law that I have tabled tomorrow —and if not, why not?
First, I pay tribute to the work that my hon.
Friend has done.
I know that he speaks on this matter from lived experience.
He is, has been and will continue to be, an extraordinarily powerful advocate for the Hillsborough families.
The assurance that I give him is that the Government are absolutely determined to get this right.
What support his Department is providing to local partnerships to improve public service delivery.
One of the best parts of my job is to travel round the country and see the amazing work that local public service partnerships are doing.
Our test, learn and grow programme has been set up to get behind frontline innovators and to trial new approaches.
This brings together central Government with those on the frontline—local councils and communities—so that we can learn from what is working and then scale it up to improve things for people.
It is really good to hear about that partnership working with local communities and local government.
In June, I had the privilege of going to the launch of a new innovative partnership between the University of Surrey and Guildford and Waverley borough councils, which is seeking to apply the university’s global research expertise to real-world problems faced by local communities, from creating better housing to addressing the shortage of planners.
How will the Government support important initiatives like this, which seek to deliver on the Government’s aim to innovate and improve public service delivery and which matter even more as local government reorganisation progresses across Surrey?
As I said, one of the best parts of my job is getting to visit amazing projects like that partnership, and I would be delighted to see the work that is happening there.
Our missions are not just for Government but for the whole country.
We need councils, universities and  communities to come together, so that partnership is incredibly important.
As I set out, the test, learn and grow programme is about finding those innovators and partnerships and spreading great practice.
I look forward to hearing more about it.
What steps he is taking to reform public procurement.
Two weeks ago, we set out our plans to make sure that the billions this Government are investing in roads, hospitals and railways will mean good jobs, skills and opportunities in communities around the UK.
Our plans will recognise industries that are critical to our national security, protecting UK resilience in sectors such as steel and energy.