Co-operation between our countries on nuclear research will also deepen, while we work together to uphold the international non-proliferation architecture.
Further details will follow today’s agreement.
In an increasingly volatile and complex global security environment, exemplified by Russia’s war of aggression in Ukraine—a war on the European continent—the UK and France, as Europe’s two nuclear powers, are united in our determination to work closer than ever before on nuclear deterrence.
That is a manifesto commitment, a promise made and a promise kept, and yet another example of how the Government are delivering for defence.
Thank you for granting this urgent question, Mr Speaker.
I do think it is incredible that we have had to find out about such substantive matters overnight from the press and without a statement from the Government.
We Conservatives back our nuclear deterrent 100% and have never wavered on that.
We support steps that boost the resilience of our nuclear enterprise, diversify delivery and, above all, help our core continuous at-sea deterrence to remain the cornerstone of our homeland defence against the most extreme threats.
We also welcome steps to genuinely strengthen UK-French co-operation on defence, building on Lancaster House.
In particular, having been the Government who first authorised provision  of long-range Storm Shadow missiles to Ukraine, we recognise the urgent need to replenish our own Storm Shadow stocks, which is in the press release.
Can the Minister confirm whether we are placing orders for new Storm Shadow missiles from MBDA or simply reconditioning existing stocks?
The nuclear aspect of this is by far the most significant.
Can the Minister confirm where this will leave the operationally independent and sovereign nature of our existing Trident nuclear deterrent?
The Telegraph quotes the declaration—which, of course, we have not seen—as saying that both nuclear arsenals
“remain independent but can be co-ordinated and that there is no extreme threat to Europe that would not prompt a response by both nations”.
Does this mean that our respective national deterrence will now be jointly operationally delivered, and how will that co-ordination take place in practice?
Crucially, how does this new nuclear doctrine affect NATO and our very close co-operation on nuclear deterrence with the United States?
Will France now be offering its nuclear deterrent to NATO, as we do?
Perhaps most importantly, will France be joining the NATO Nuclear Planning Group?
On the matter of tactical nuclear weapons, I have previously asked about options other than US-controlled gravity bombs, with no reply.
Given the announcement on Storm Shadow and MBDA, will the UK and France now be looking at co-operation on tactical nuclear delivery options via our shared complex weapons industrial base?
A particular concern of the Opposition is that there appears to be a deep paradox at play here: talk of closer co-operation with France, but in the background, the Government still getting nowhere on access to hard cash from the European rearmament fund, despite having given up our sovereign fishing grounds.
To conclude, it is truly extraordinary that such significant defence developments do not warrant a Government statement, so the Minister must now be as transparent as possible in answering our questions—not least after weeks dominated by smoke and mirrors on defence spending and chaotic U-turns on welfare that raise the most profound question of all: where is the money going to come from?
There has not been a statement yet because the agreement has not been signed yet.
In fact—
You’re briefing it to the press.
If the right hon.
Gentleman would like to listen to the reply, the agreement has not been signed yet.
I am sure that as soon as it is signed—
But it has been briefed to the press.
I am sure that as soon as it is signed—[Interruption.]
The shadow Minister has asked his questions.
I would like to try to answer them without him heckling me too much, although it is up to him how he behaves.