What steps he is taking to reform public procurement.
Two weeks ago, we set out our plans to make sure that the billions this Government are investing in roads, hospitals and railways will mean good jobs, skills and opportunities in communities around the UK.
Our plans will recognise industries that are critical to our national security, protecting UK resilience in sectors such as steel and energy.
Creating high-quality British jobs and boosting skills in local communities will be key requirements for companies to win contracts for large infrastructure projects.
I thank the Minister for all her hard work to bring together procurement information centrally for the first time and to improve the quality of that data.
What progress has been made to push that out to the public in the dashboards and analytics that will help us track and improve the public procurement system and monitor the Government’s strategic goals of backing British small and medium-sized enterprises and supporting key sectors of the economy?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his continued advocacy for greater transparency in procurement, which we know delivers better value for money and better services.
We have set up the central digital platform, which now holds over 4,000 pipeline notices, and we will soon make available a data platform that will facilitate detailed analysis of SME participation.
We expect that to be available to procurement teams soon, and we are scoping how we will make it available to the wider public.
What steps he is taking to improve co-operation with devolved Governments.
The Government are committed to working with all levels of government to deliver for people across the whole United Kingdom.
In the last few weeks, I attended the Interparliamentary Forum to speak with colleagues from across the four legislatures, and I have held productive discussions with devolved Government colleagues on our trade strategy.
This Labour Government understand the importance of partnership in power.
One year on, I welcome that this partnership has delivered record funding for Wales to improve our railways, protect coal tips, and boost our economy and our public services.
At the general election, we rightly recognised that the Welsh fiscal framework is outdated.
Please could the Minister provide an update on the progress being made to address this?
I can give my hon.
Friend the undertaking he seeks.
We are committed to working in partnership with the Welsh Government to ensure that the framework is brought up to date and delivers value for money.
My officials are supporting His Majesty’s Treasury on how the framework can be updated, and that work is ongoing.
Are the Government still committed to one civil service across the United Kingdom?
If so, what are they proactively doing to ensure that as part of their career development, UK Government civil servants can work within the devolved Administrations and that those within the devolved Administrations can have roles within the UK Government?
I pay tribute to the work of the civil service, not just for the UK Government but across the United Kingdom.
Civil servants do tireless work on behalf of the public each and every day and are a critical part of this Government’s determination to deliver significant change for the country and drive forward the missions we have defined.
To the right hon.
Member’s question, in the early years of devolution there was a lot more interchange between the home civil service here in London and the civil service in offices such as those in Edinburgh, Belfast and Cardiff.
I know that thought is being given to how we ensure that there is the right expertise in the right parts of the country, and there is an information exchange on how to get this right.
What recent progress his Department has made on strengthening national security.
Last month, on behalf of the Prime Minister, I made a statement in the House announcing the national security strategy.