The SPS agreement will be critical for food and drink exports.
We are only going to get one chance on this, so to get it right we need maximum engagement with the companies and businesses doing the exporting.
What is the Minister doing to ensure that their voices are heard in these negotiations and that the agreement suits them?
The right hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right, which is why I have engaged throughout.
The domestic advisory group under the previous trade and co-operation agreement contains a range of stake- holders, and I regularly speak to them, but I go beyond that in my work with stakeholders.
He is right that it is hugely important that their voice is heard in the process of agreeing the legal text on the SPS agreement.
While we await the detail of the SPS deal, Northern Ireland is still seeing new and additional bureaucracy to implement the Windsor framework.
Does the Minister agree that it would make more sense to extend the grace periods and put a freeze on that bureaucracy rather than introduce more, as indicated in the report by the Federation of Small Businesses in Northern Ireland?
On our ability to negotiate generally, it is hugely important that we show good faith in implementing the agreement that the country previously agreed.
However, I say to the hon.
Gentleman that I always show pragmatism on implementing the Windsor framework.
If we take parcels, for example, when I went to Belfast last summer I was told that there was no readiness for businesses there, but I applied for and secured a six-month delay, and then implemented that part of the agreement, so he can be assured that I take a pragmatic approach.
What recent progress he has made on implementing the plan for change.
Our plan for change is already delivering the change the country voted for a year ago.
Great British Energy, headquartered in Aberdeen, is investing £1 billion in offshore wind supply chains, benefiting workers in our industrial heartlands.
Britain had the highest growth in the G7 in the first quarter of this year, interest rates have been cut four times and wages are rising faster than prices.
There is more to do, but after 14 years of decline under the Tories and almost two decades of SNP rule in Scotland, the country is turning a corner with this Labour Government.
Last week, the Health Secretary shared his plans to improve the NHS by giving patients more control over their treatment.
Patients in England are now able to book appointments and order their prescriptions on the NHS app.
With the lack of an NHS app in Scotland being described as a “national embarrassment”, does the Minister agree with me that people living in Scotland are being left behind?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
Under this Labour Government, NHS waiting lists are falling and we have an ambitious plan for the future of the NHS.
Under the SNP, Scotland has an analogue Government in a digital age, and Scotland’s patients are missing out.
Scotland needs a new direction, which I hope it will take with Anas Sarwar’s Scottish Labour party next year.
Yesterday, I met members of the Spanish Senate, with whom I discussed energy security and how to bring down energy bills for our residents on either side of the channel.
It is clear that energy trading between the EU and the UK does not work properly.
What can we do, and what progress has been made, to improve the interconnectors and make the investment that is so necessary?
Order.
I am not quite sure whether it is relevant, but please answer if you are happy to, Minister.
It is in the common understanding, and we want a deeper relationship with our partners in the EU on this issue.
I call the shadow Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster.