Friend that what we have here is a strengthening of the deterrent across Europe, which will help to deter potential adversaries from conducting themselves in a way that might threaten the future of our nations.
I welcome the announcement of strengthened collaboration with France, although reading between the lines, it sounds like “co-ordination” is actually submarine patrol deconfliction.
Our aerial participation in the NATO nuclear mission is still a decade away, with the completion of F-35A delivery not scheduled until 2033, according to the Government, but both the French air force and marine nationale are armed with the air-sol moyenne portée amélioré—ASMPA—medium-range supersonic nuclear-tip missile as part of their force de dissuasion.
Is that nuclear strike capability within the scope of this agreement?
If so, how will it be incorporated into our own nuclear doctrine?
Will it be an escalation step prior to the use of Trident?
Does this form an interim solution while we await the capability to fully participate in the NATO nuclear mission?
How will command of it work?
The hon.
Gentleman complains about the amount of time it has taken this Government to do things in respect of defence, but we had to pick up the mess that was left by his Government, who were in office for 14 years.
It is a bit of a cheek for him to complain about delay, when the reality is that his own Government did nothing for 14 years.
I have made it quite clear that our defence nuclear posture is not changing, and that we are not seeking to acquire new and different nuclear weapons, but if the vital interests of the UK and France are engaged and threatened, we will co-ordinate our nuclear response as a result of this agreement, and that provides a greater deterrent.
A much stronger relationship between the UK and France in this area will require a deepening of our commercial collaborations in our respective industrial bases, particularly in the supply chain.
Will the Minister comment on how the Government’s own procurement policies will help to support this collaboration, particularly as it might benefit companies in the Teesside defence and innovation cluster?
My hon.
Friend is correct.
The refresh of the Lancaster House treaties is about not just nuclear co-operation, but co-operation between our conventional forces and greater co-operation and effort between our industries bilaterally to provide us with things like complex weapons in a way that will deter and enable us to defend ourselves at thresholds well below any nuclear threshold.
Any increase in defence spending, as we are seeing, does give more opportunities for our own industries.
Whether those companies are offering novel or dual-use technology, or are our traditional big primes, any increase offers more opportunity for all of them to help us in our rearmament.
I understand that the ink may not yet be dry on this agreement, so clearly the Minister can answer only on what she is  aware of at the moment.
However, she mentioned the use of a committee to make decisions.
Who will chair that committee?
What will its membership be?
How will decisions be made if there is a disagreement between our allies in France and ourselves?
Our respective national authorities will remain responsible for planning and conducting operations.
A UK-France nuclear steering group will be established to provide political direction for increased co-ordination across nuclear policy capabilities and operations.
That will be joint between the Élysée, which has authority over nuclear matters in France, and the Cabinet Office, which will co-ordinate with it—obviously with input from the Ministry of Defence.
I welcome my right hon.
Friend’s response and greater collaboration between the UK and France with this nuclear partnership.
It not only enhances our nation’s security, but has the potential to deliver highly skilled and highly paid jobs to every nation and region across our country.
Will she say a little more about how those benefits will be realised in Scotland?
My hon.