Next week is Bee’s Knees Week, a chance to highlight the vital role that pollinators play in our environment and to encourage everybody to get involved to help these essential species.
Will the Leader of the House join me in congratulating Cannock Wood and Gentleshaw Gardening Club on its recent successful open gardens day, which I went along to?
Not only does the club bring our community together in the most beautiful way, and inspire plenty of garden envy, but it also raises funds for the Bumblebee Conservation Trust—a fantastic example of local people making a national difference.
The hon.
Lady seems to want more delivery stats, so let me help her out.
As my right hon.
Friend, the Minister without Portfolio, said, we have had the highest growth of any G7 economy in the first quarter of this year, cuts in interest rates and an expansion of the warm home discount, which will mean that 6 million households will benefit from better insulated houses.
I do not claim, in reading out these statistics, that everything is perfect—far from it—but I do believe that we have had change in the past year: change in the investment pattern of the country; change in real wages; and change in our trading position.
That is change well worth having.
Last night,  the hon.
Member for Gower (Tonia Antoniazzi)  presented a petition from the solicitor to the Omagh bombing inquiry, asking for access to unreported evidence from the Northern Ireland Affairs Committee inquiry into the bombing on  15 August 1998 .
I have also received a letter from  the hon.
Member for Gower and the hon.
Member for North Dorset (Simon Hoare)  asking that this matter be given precedence as a matter of privilege on the grounds that
“We suggest that the House should be given an opportunity to consider that petition, but it is profoundly unsatisfactory for it to have to make a decision without any ability for any Members to assess the propriety of releasing the evidence or of the privilege issues which may be raised by referring such material to a statutory inquiry which we understand is ‘a place out of Parliament’ for the purposes of Article 9 of the Bill of Rights”.
I have considered the issue and decided that this is a matter for which I should allow the precedence accorded to issues of privilege.
The hon.
Members may therefore table a motion to be debated on Monday.
The motion will be taken after any urgent questions or statements and before the Government business.
It will be available to Members once it has been tabled, which will be before the rise of the House today.
The Minister for the Cabinet Office was asked—
What assessment his Department has made of the effectiveness of the new trading relationship with the EU.
What assessment his Department has made of the effectiveness of the new UK-EU trading relationship.
We have reset our relationships with the European Union, and are now focused on delivering a long-term strategic partnership to improve the lives of working people and make the UK more prosperous.
That is good for bills, good for our borders and good for jobs.
In 1973, the UK joined the European Economic Community, which later became the European Union.
Given this week’s visit by the French President and this Government’s desire for closer co-operation with the EU, will the Minister confirm that no new or existing trade deal will lead to this country rejoining the EU through the back door?
That is absolutely not the case.
What we have with the European Union is a new deal that the supermarkets say has put a downward pressure on prices, and which Octopus Energy says will bring the cost of energy down.