I thank the Minister for his answer and for the response to yesterday’s report.
I speak today on behalf of one of my constituents, a core participant in the inquiry, who was recently invited to start their claim.
They have asked specifically when those affected, such as the parents of the infected, will be invited to start their claims, given that they have been waiting for decades for justice and there are concerns that delays may mean that they do not get to see it in their lifetime.
I understand that concern.
My hon.
Friend is a powerful voice for her constituent, and I welcome the news that they have started their claim.
I know that many across the House will be eager for their constituents, including those who are affected, to begin their claims as soon as possible.
The Government expect IBCA to begin payments to those who are affected by the end of this year.
As I have set out, the Government are taking steps to remove administrative barriers to allow IBCA to speed up payments.
I recognise that the  infected blood inquiry has also made a recommendation on the sequencing of payments, which it will be for the Infected Blood Compensation Authority to consider.
I remain concerned that Sir Brian Langstaff has never asked me, as the Minister who was responsible for the design of the scheme, to account for the process that I adopted under the advice of the civil servants that my successor, the Minister, shares.
I am concerned now that there will be continued lack of clarity and certainty for those who have been waiting for too long.
We appointed an expert group on the best advice of the civil servants, we ensured that there would be engagement with representatives from the 40 groups, and I met them over 18 meetings in 10 days prior to legislation coming to this House.
I am gravely concerned that continued uncertainty through more report writing will not serve the best interests of this community.
Does the Minister agree and what steps will he take to resolve these matters once and for all?
I pay tribute to the work of my predecessor as Paymaster General in this area.
I know the practical experience with which the right hon.
Gentleman speaks.
When I gave evidence to the inquiry back in May, I said that I was not bringing a counsel of perfection and that I would listen to suggestions, which I would judge on the basis of not causing further undue delay to victims who have already waited for too long.
That is the approach I will take as I urgently look at the recommendations.
With your permission, Mr Speaker, I will hopefully update the House on that before the summer recess.
Sir Brian Langstaff was particularly critical of the engagement with the infected and affected community since the publication of his final report in May last year.
In particular, he was critical of the way the expert group was set up with the explicit instruction not to engage with the community.
Does my right hon.
Friend accept that a lot of damage has been done since the publication of that final report, as is exposed in the report that Sir Brian Langstaff published yesterday?
Will he say what he intends to do to improve relationships with the infected and the affected?
I am deeply sympathetic to the inquiry’s words on the involvement of the infected blood community.
The Government are committed to providing fair compensation to victims of this scandal.
The inquiry recognised this and said:
“There can be no doubt that the Government has done right in ways which powerfully signal its intent.”
However, I also recognise what Sir Brian said when he stated that
“there is still more to be done to ensure that the detail and operation of the scheme matches up to its intent.”