Friend’s.
I think the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster and I are politically completely at one,   because if it was down the two of us, we would relocate all civil servants to Wolverhampton and Staffordshire.
What is also incredibly important is Ministers being in those offices.
Will he commit to publishing the details of ministerial attendance in offices outside London, including how long they stayed in those offices?
I am not sure I will.
While Ministers should attend on occasion, Ministers having to be in a certain place just to keep up with a published record is not the best use of their time.
I very much welcome civil servants working in Wolverhampton.
The Cabinet Office has a fantastic building in Glasgow, which I have enjoyed visiting and working in on several occasions.
I was disappointed that the UK Government did not go ahead with proposals for a Glasgow campus for UK Government offices.
One reason behind that proposal was upgrading the facilities available to Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office staff who are located at Abercrombie House in East Kilbride, which had been assessed as lacking the facilities required to be a second FCDO headquarters.
Will the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster work with the FCDO to ensure that that investment goes into Abercrombie House so that it can be a second headquarters?
If the right hon.
Gentleman’s ambition is to move the staff out of East Kilbride, he should perhaps have a word with my hon.
Friend  the Member for East Kilbride and Strathaven (Joani Reid) .
We have good locations in both Glasgow and East Kilbride, and we welcome them both.
To refer to the previous question, I recently spent time working in the East Kilbride office.
I hope that it is a good home for civil servants for some time to come.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Defence if he will make a statement on the UK-France nuclear partnership.
The UK and France have a proud history of co-operation on defence nuclear matters.
Alongside our conventional warfighting capability, the independent strategic nuclear forces of the UK and France contribute significantly to the overall security of the NATO alliance and the Euro-Atlantic.
Since 1995, we have stated that we do not see situations arising in which the vital interests of one could be threatened without the vital interests of the other also being threatened.
In 2010, both nations agreed to share research facilities and co-operate on nuclear technology under the Lancaster House treaties.
In 2022, at Chatham House, the Defence Secretary set out the importance of rebooting Lancaster House and our defence relationship with France.
That was reaffirmed in our 2024 manifesto.
Today, the Prime Minister and President Emmanuel Macron will agree to deepen their nuclear co-operation and work more closely than ever before on nuclear deterrence.
That is an important step forward for the UK-France nuclear partnership, and reflects the significant improvement in the relationship between our two countries that this Government have driven.
A soon-to-be-signed declaration will state for the first time that the respective deterrents of both countries are independent but can be co-ordinated.
The declaration will also affirm that there is no extreme threat to Europe that would not prompt a response by both nations.
As such, any adversary threatening the vital interests of Britain or France could be confronted by the strength of the nuclear forces of both nations.
Co-operation between our countries on nuclear research will also deepen, while we work together to uphold the international non-proliferation architecture.
Further details will follow today’s agreement.
In an increasingly volatile and complex global security environment, exemplified by Russia’s war of aggression in Ukraine—a war on the European continent—the UK and France, as Europe’s two nuclear powers, are united in our determination to work closer than ever before on nuclear deterrence.