Nuclear co-ordination between the UK and France can help to deter Putin and support Europe’s collective security.
That is particularly critical as Donald Trump has shown that our security is no longer his concern.
France cherishes the independence of its nuclear system, as the Minister confirmed, so will she provide further details on exactly how the new system of co-ordinating nuclear deterrence will work?
The Government must now go further, so will the Minister update the House on whether the Government have secured full access for UK defence firms to the EU Security Action for Europe fund?
As Putin escalates his attacks against civilian targets in Kyiv and other cities, we must work with our allies to support Ukraine.
Will the Government use today’s coalition of the willing talks to agree on how the UK and France can seize Russia’s frozen assets that are held in our two countries?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his support for deeper defence co-operation.
On the co-ordination of our nuclear deterrence—there is no extreme threat to Europe that would not prompt a response by our two nations, but France and the UK remain two sovereign nuclear weapon states, and their respective nuclear forces and decision-making processes are independent.
There will be increased co-ordination of research and development, and of the co-operation that we have been engaging in since the Chequers announcement of 1995.
That will be deepened, and a co-ordinating committee between the Élysée and the Cabinet Office will be the joint arrangement for deciding precisely how and what extra research or training we might do.
There will be increasing co-ordination of that effort, but I stress that our decision-making arrangements remain completely independent.
Both nations recognise that there is no extreme threat to Europe that would not prompt a response by our two nations—our vital interests are the same in that respect.
On Security Action for Europe and access to EU funds, negotiations are ongoing but not complete.
One would hope that progress can be made.
I cannot recall the hon.
Gentleman’s third point—
The coalition of the willing.
I have nothing further to say on that today, as the hon.
Gentleman would probably expect in a response to an urgent question on nuclear co-ordination.
Is the Minister as surprised as I was to find that the shadow Secretary of State only half quoted that sentence from the report in Navy Lookout, about making it clearer that “no extreme threat” to European security would go unanswered by both countries, but failed to look at the real purpose here—that it signals a strengthened deterrence posture, as Russia has repeated its threats to use nuclear weapons?
Does my hon.
Friend agree that this shows that the relationship, which was damaged by Brexit, is now being recreated by this Government?
The AUKUS pact and defence co-operation is now a clear priority for this Government, with the European Union, and that is embodied in this new relationship with France.
I suppose I should say that I am surprised that the shadow Secretary of State for Defence only quoted half the sentence—if indeed that is the case—but he is probably not the first Opposition spokesperson to do that in the history of Oppositions in this House.
I agree with my hon.
Friend that what we have here is a strengthening of the deterrent across Europe, which will help to deter potential adversaries from conducting themselves in a way that might threaten the future of our nations.
I welcome the announcement of strengthened collaboration with France, although reading between the lines, it sounds like “co-ordination” is actually submarine patrol deconfliction.
Our aerial participation in the NATO nuclear mission is still a decade away, with the completion of F-35A delivery not scheduled until 2033, according to the Government, but both the French air force and marine nationale are armed with the air-sol moyenne portée amélioré—ASMPA—medium-range supersonic nuclear-tip missile as part of their force de dissuasion.