We all know that they left mines all over the place, and we are having to sweep them out.
The right hon.
Gentleman wants to know how our first year in office is going, and I am happy to tell him.
We promised 2 million extra NHS appointments, and we have delivered a million more than that.
We said that we would get waiting lists down, and they are coming down month on month.
Interest rates are coming down.
Net migration is coming down from a record high under the Conservatives.
We have secured three trade deals—trade deals that they once hailed but never delivered, and we have got them going.
We have created nearly 400,000 new jobs since the election.
We have recruited an extra 3,000 new police officers.
We have built nearly 200,000 new homes, established Great British Energy, extended the warm home discount to 6 million more households, expanded free school meals for half a million more children, and opened free breakfast clubs.
We have banned bonuses for water bosses who have been polluting our rivers, and wages grew more in our first 10 months in office than they did in the Conservatives’ last 10 years in office.
I am happy to debate him any time on our record, and I thank him for the opportunity to do so today.
I do feel slightly sorry for the shadow Leader of the House when, coming here week in and week out, it is just going from bad to worse for the Conservative party, is it not?
Perhaps that is why he goes so deep into history in his questions, because he does not want to talk about recent history.
He is one of the first up this morning after—let us be honest—a big defection overnight, the latest in a long line of those fleeing the sinking ship.
Personally, I would not put have put Jake Berry—best friend of Boris Johnson and former chair of the Conservative party—down as a likely defector.
It really is that bad for the Conservatives.
However, I could not have put it better myself, when Jake said
“we’ve got a Conservative Party that doesn’t seem to know what it stands for any more… the Conservatives have lost their way.
They’ve abandoned their principles.
They’ve abandoned the British people.”
He is right, isn’t he?
Having said that, and we cannot pass this by, that defection does not make up for what has been a terrible week for the Reform party, especially when it comes to, shall we say, HR matters.
The bigger story for Reform this week is that it really is becoming the party of sleaze and scandal, and of dud and dodgy personnel.
I do not think this is really the right moment for it to start ditching its vetting procedures.
Even though it has only a handful of MPs, its Chief Whip seems to have had a busier week than ours, and that is saying something.
I am not sure if Reform will welcome our partnership with the French on tackling the small boats this week, but it is already enthusiastically implementing a policy of one in, one out.
Early-day motion 1496 sets out how Samiul Ahmed bought Cockermouth’s Old Courthouse for a knock-down price and, ignoring professional advice, allowed the listed building to collapse into the River Cocker.