The Government are committed to providing fair compensation to victims of this scandal.
The inquiry recognised this and said:
“There can be no doubt that the Government has done right in ways which powerfully signal its intent.”
However, I also recognise what Sir Brian said when he stated that
“there is still more to be done to ensure that the detail and operation of the scheme matches up to its intent.”
I will now urgently look at those recommendations with a view to action.
My constituent Graham is a victim of the infected blood scandal.
His experiences and the length of time that he has had to wait for compensation have strong parallels with another constituent of mine, Steve, who was the last RAF officer  to go to prison for being gay.
Both constituents have suffered decades of trauma as a result.
What parallels can the Minister draw when learning about those two compensation schemes, and how will we ensure that in future the administration of such schemes is smoother, swifter and a better experience for those who are impacted?
The hon.
Lady speaks very movingly about her constituents, Graham and Steve, who have clearly had to wait decades—far too long—for justice.
She raises a fair point about learning from compensation schemes.
This is historical.
For instance, we had the Windrush compensation scheme that began under the previous Government, we have Horizon ongoing, and infected blood, where the inquiry has just produced an additional report but the compensation scheme is ongoing.
On infected blood, IBCA has used a test-and-learn approach, which I think is important in allowing us to move into a phase in which we can speed up payments.
To the hon.
Lady’s central point, it is vital, and I am conscious of this, that we look at what has worked well in previous compensation schemes and at what has worked less well, and be honest about that and learn from it.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Since our last oral questions session, my Department has announced that companies that win contracts for major infrastructure projects will be rewarded for creating high-quality British jobs and boosting skills in local communities.
We set out our national security strategy to protect security at home, promote UK strength abroad and increase our sovereign capabilities.
Earlier this week, we published our resilience action plan, which included details of a new test of the national alarm system to come in September.
The Government’s changes to the Green Book in place-based business cases are positive for regions like the north-east.
Will the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster set out how the Cabinet Office will support cross-departmental work on identifying test cases, such as the Moor Farm and Seaton Burn roundabouts in my constituency, where infrastructure is holding back growth and housing and is needed to help the Government achieve our growth and housing missions?
My hon.
Friend is a brilliant champion for her community.
It is precisely because this Government want to support growth in communities like hers that the Chancellor has set out that the new Green Book will support place-based business cases.
Rapid work is happening to deliver that over the coming months.
I call the shadow Chancellor for the Duchy of Lancaster.
Will the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster confirm that civil servants should not engage in public fundraising for political parties?
We all know the rules for civil servants.
I think I know who he is referring to, and let me anticipate the hon.
Member’s next question: the person is doing a wonderful job.
Well, I will just fill in the House.
For those who are not as well informed as the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, the simple fact is that senior civil servants should not be engaged in public fundraising from public speaking for political parties.