I am sure that as soon as it is signed—[Interruption.]
The shadow Minister has asked his questions.
I would like to try to answer them without him heckling me too much, although it is up to him how he behaves.
No, it will be up to me.
Indeed.
The shadow Minister asked whether the idea that we should work more closely with France has any implications for the independence of Trident, and he referred to the phrase
“independent but can be co-ordinated”.
The answer is no.
Our CASD operations are entirely unaffected.
This is not a new nuclear doctrine on behalf of the UK.
Our nuclear doctrine is the same as it ever has been.
The use of our nuclear deterrent in any circumstances can only be authorised by the Prime Minister, and that remains the case.
The French have their own arrangements for how they authorise theirs; it is a matter for them.
This agreement implies no co-ordination in that respect.
The agreement says that there is an opportunity, when vital interests are affected, for co-ordination between both nations in the way in which they respond.
That just strengthens the power of the deterrent across Europe.
When two nations that are nuclear powers can co-ordinate their responses, it strengthens the deterrent against our potential enemies by making it clear that the two nations will act in co-ordination rather than entirely separately.
The shadow Minister asked whether the agreement has any implications for our deterrent still being dedicated to NATO.
It does not; our deterrent is, of course, still dedicated to the defence of NATO.
He referred again to tactical nuclear delivery options.
I do not know whether he meant tactical nuclear weapons development.
This Government do not see any use of any kind of nuclear weapon as tactical, and we are not proposing in this agreement to develop any new kinds of nuclear weapons.
It is about co-ordinating the options that we have together to make Europe and the north Atlantic stronger.
I welcome today’s agreement that is in train, as a powerful signal that Britain is once again stepping up to be a reliable European ally, with deeper UK-France co-ordination on nuclear deterrence marking a step change in how we engage with our closest partners.
This is not just a diplomatic milestone; it has real potential to reset relations, strengthening European security and driving long-term investment into our industrial base.
As the keenest champion of our sovereign capability and resilient supply chains, particularly in my constituency, may I ask the Minister how this partnership will be used to maximise opportunities for UK industry, ensuring that we can build the skills, infrastructure and capacity that is needed to keep our deterrent credible for decades to come?
The effort on co-ordinating our nuclear deterrence, between the UK and France, is in the context of a refresh of the Lancaster House treaties, which also include provisions about co-ordinating our conventional forces and co-ordinating efforts through our industries to ensure that we can manufacture new and future-proofed complex weapons that will assist in deterring potential adversaries who would threaten Europe.
This is in the context of an entire, refreshed agreement that should strengthen our conventional forces as well as our capacity for co-ordination between our militaries and of our nuclear deterrence.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The Liberal Democrats have consistently said that the UK’s security depends on deeper defence co-operation with our European allies, so we welcome progress but urge the Government to go further.
Nuclear co-ordination between the UK and France can help to deter Putin and support Europe’s collective security.
That is particularly critical as Donald Trump has shown that our security is no longer his concern.
France cherishes the independence of its nuclear system, as the Minister confirmed, so will she provide further details on exactly how the new system of co-ordinating nuclear deterrence will work?