I know that thought is being given to how we ensure that there is the right expertise in the right parts of the country, and there is an information exchange on how to get this right.
What recent progress his Department has made on strengthening national security.
Last month, on behalf of the Prime Minister, I made a statement in the House announcing the national security strategy.
That coincided with the NATO summit attended by the Prime Minister.
At its heart, the strategy has three pillars: security at home, strength abroad and increasing our sovereign and asymmetric capabilities.
My Department will lead on the co-ordination of that work, which applies not just in the Cabinet Office but right across Government.
Cyber-security is vital, not just to our national security but to safeguarding our public services, so I am delighted that the Government are investing in the sector through their cyber growth action plan.
Some of that investment is going into my neighbouring town, Cheltenham, but there are so many fantastic opportunities, and potential opportunities, in my city of Gloucester.
Will my right hon.
Friend meet me to discuss how my constituents can access those opportunities and secure the well-paid, high-skilled jobs of the future?
Recent events have shown just how important cyber-security is.
We have over 2,000 businesses across the UK generating revenues of an estimated £13 billion and 67,000 jobs in this field.
We are also a large exporter of cyber-products.
The truth is that we need training and capability in this new area of defence.
I am happy to ensure that my hon.
Friend gets a meeting with a relevant Minister.
The BBC covered the Government’s publication of the national security strategy last month with the headline “UK must prepare for war scenario”.
Often, the public will read an alarming headline like that without reading about the context, or about what it might mean for them or what they should do about it.
Will the Government draw on academic expertise, such as that at the Centre for the Public Understanding of Defence and Security at the University of Exeter, in engaging with our constituents on this subject?
The hon.
Member makes a very good point about engagement with the public.
Anyone who has watched the news in recent years will know that the defence picture across Europe is changing.
I made a statement to the House earlier this week on the importance of resilience.
Resilience is not just a matter for Government, although the Government do have their responsibilities; it is a whole-of-society effort, and it will require proper dialogue and communication with the public.
What recent progress he has made on the infected blood compensation scheme.
Yesterday, the infected blood inquiry published an additional report on compensation.
The Government will now urgently work through its recommendations and work closely with the Infected Blood Compensation Authority to understand the delivery implications and any policy changes to the scheme.
With your permission, Mr Speaker, I hope to provide a further update to the House before the summer recess.
Two thousand and forty-three people have been asked to start their compensation claim and 616 offers of compensation have been made, totalling over £488 million.
Last week, the Government wrote to the Public Accounts Committee and the Public Administration and Constitutional Affairs Committee outlining the steps that the Government are taking to remove administrative barriers to allow IBCA to speed up payments.
I thank the Minister for his answer and for the response to yesterday’s report.
I speak today on behalf of one of my constituents, a core participant in the inquiry, who was recently invited to start their claim.
They have asked specifically when those affected, such as the parents of the infected, will be invited to start their claims, given that they have been waiting for decades for justice and there are concerns that delays may mean that they do not get to see it in their lifetime.