The UK and the EU allow for visa travel in line with the standard arrangements for third-country nationals.
The UK Government will continue to listen to and advocate for British citizens.
Many thousands of constituents, including Philip and Kathryn in my constituency, live for part of the year in Spain.
Prior to Brexit, they did so without restriction, but now they face limited visa options, resulting in more frequent flying.
What conversations has the Minister had with Spain’s Government about ending these barriers?
I thank Philip and Kathryn for raising this issue, and I know my hon.
Friend is a powerful advocate for them.
The Foreign Office leads on bilateral issues with EU member states, and they regularly engage on a range of issues.
While we recognise that extending the 90/180 day period is a matter for member states and the EU, my hon.
Friend can be assured that we will continue to listen to and advocate for UK nationals affected.
As the Minister knows, Northern Ireland is in that wonderful limbo land of movement—half in the United Kingdom and half in the EU, because of the unfinished protocol Bill.
Can he tell us how those in Northern Ireland will be affected by the Schengen area due to the particular, and perhaps peculiar position they are in as a result of the protocol?
Northern Ireland has the unique advantage of dual market access.
On the wider issues of application of EU law that the hon.
Gentleman is talking about, he can be assured that as co-chair of the joint committee I work carefully and closely on these matters with the Northern Ireland Executive.
What steps he is taking to relocate civil service roles to locations outside London.
My hon.
Friend and parliamentary neighbour is absolutely right to raise the importance of having a civil service presence around the country.
He will know the importance of the Ministry for Housing, Communities and Local Government presence in Wolverhampton to the local area.
We want to see half of our UK-based senior civil servants located outside London by 2030.
We recently announced plans to relocate thousands of civil service roles to towns and cities across the whole UK.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his answer.
I do indeed feel blessed to have the dual head- quarters of the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government, which employs more than 250 people, right next to my constituency office in Wolverhampton West.
I welcome the Government’s plans to move civil servant roles out of London into communities such as mine.
Will my right hon.
Friend please set out how these roles will work closely with businesses, the City of Wolverhampton council and communities in my constituency, as well as help my constituents to pursue careers as civil servants?
My hon.
Friend raises some good points.
We do not just want to see buildings with no connection to the local community; it is important that they have that connection.
I also want to ensure good career progression in civil service buildings outside London.
I recently announced a new civil service apprenticeship scheme so that we can recruit people from all backgrounds to the civil service and make sure that they can get promoted and enjoy a good civil service career.
The last Government saw civil servant jobs relocated not just to Wolverhampton, but to Stoke-on-Trent.
It is important that the very top level of the civil service is also located outside of London, so will the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster set out how many permanent secretaries are currently located permanently outside London?
What steps will he take to ensure that more permanent secretaries are located in both Wolverhampton and Stoke-on-Trent?
We do not have a permanent secretary in Wolverhampton, but it is important that there is career progression and that there are senior roles outside London.