I absolutely agree that we need to support SMEs, which is why we set targets for all Departments on SME and voluntary, community and social enterprises spend.
It is why we are reviewing the rules to make it easier for SMEs to get on to Government contracts, and why we are consulting on new plans to set targets for the entire public sector on SME spend.
Earlier this year, the Government published their national procurement policy statement.
Given that economic growth is this Government’s No.
1 mission, will the Minister update the House on how the new approach to procurement will ensure we deliver economic growth in every corner of this country, especially in the central belt, Forth valley and Falkirk?
I really welcome the House’s continuing enthusiasm and support for procurement.
We have listened to that and are taking it seriously, which is why we set out, as I said a couple of weeks ago, further changes to procurement rules to respond to all those points about supporting SMEs, supporting British jobs and supporting British skills.
Can the Minister confirm the amount of money that has been saved as a result of the changes I brought in to the equality, diversity and inclusion guidance in the civil service?
Will he also say if he will be maintaining those changes, or does he seek to overturn that policy?
I am not seeking to overturn that, but we want to have a system where we uphold the equality law that applies to the civil service, just as it applies throughout the public sector.
Further to the answer given by the Paymaster General regarding the contaminated blood inquiry, I welcome that he will update the House when he has had an opportunity to digest yesterday’s report, but can I have an assurance from him that it will not be on the last sitting day before recess?
I may be in the hands of Mr Speaker so I will certainly not tread on to which days I will be permitted to do so, but definitely before the summer recess.
Mr Speaker, as you are well aware, Bridlington is the lobster capital of Europe, so there is understandable outrage at the recent Government decision to sell out the UK fishing industry for the next 12 years in return for a sanitary and phytosanitary deal that is yet to be negotiated.
Is that just another example of the shambolic way this Government do business?
No, absolutely not.
What we have, first of all, is a multi-year deal with stability, which will give the opportunity for investment.
The Government will then invest £360 million in coastal communities and updating the fleet.
If the hon.
Gentleman is opposed to that, he should say so—surely, he is not.
And the SPS agreement will allow our catch to be sold far more easily to the EU—by the way, 70% of our catch currently goes to the EU.
He should be welcoming that.
I welcome the UK-EU reset, which will help to bring down energy bills and grocery bills.
I also welcome the Government’s new procurement plans.
Bournemouth East has fantastic talent, particularly among our younger population.
Will the Minister outline how the new procurement plans will both help to give those younger people opportunities and secure clean power in the south-west?
We have set out plans to strengthen and streamline social values, so that we are absolutely clear about the expectations on businesses to support jobs, skills and opportunities—namely opportunities for our young people to get into good quality work in communities like my hon.
Friend’s.
I think the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster and I are politically completely at one,   because if it was down the two of us, we would relocate all civil servants to Wolverhampton and Staffordshire.
What is also incredibly important is Ministers being in those offices.