It not only enhances our nation’s security, but has the potential to deliver highly skilled and highly paid jobs to every nation and region across our country.
Will she say a little more about how those benefits will be realised in Scotland?
My hon.
Friend is correct.
The strategic defence review and our ongoing commitment to increasing defence spending in this country give opportunity for our industry to benefit, obtain contracts and assist us in ensuring that we can defend our nation and NATO more fully and in a better way going forward.
There will be jobs, skilled opportunities and growth in all parts of the nations and regions of the UK.
The threats and nuclear sabre-rattling that we have heard from President Putin since Russia’s full-scale invasion of Ukraine is utterly unacceptable, and the response from the British and French Governments has been robust.
For me, defence co-operation between the UK and France is always welcome.
Will our Governments also seek to get a reaffirmation from other P5 countries, including Russia, of the Reagan-Gorbachev formula that
“a nuclear war cannot be won and must never be fought”?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his support for this extra co-ordination.
The aim of all this is to make sure that NATO and Europe are safe from the threats that may come from Putin and his nuclear sabre-rattling, as the hon.
Gentleman referred to.
We believe that deterring those threats is the best way to ensure that we do not end up having to fight a war that would be catastrophic.
That is where we are at present.
I am not sure that President Putin is in the mood to agree that nuclear wars cannot be won, because he does issue nuclear threats every now and then.
We need to ensure that he is deterred in his approach.
The two bedrocks of our national defence are our own sovereign capability and our membership of NATO.
The United Kingdom and France are both members of NATO, but, as the shadow Secretary of State pointed out, the paradox is that we and every other NATO member bar one are members of the NATO nuclear planning group.
Of course, that “bar one” is France.
As part of these  discussions, is France going to join the NATO nuclear planning group?
If not, how on earth will this co-ordination work within that partnership?
I am not here to speak for the French Government.
As far as I am concerned, our nuclear posture has not changed; their nuclear posture is a matter for them.
What this agreement says is that there is no extreme threat to Europe that would not prompt a response by our two nations, and although we both independently look after and are responsible for our deterrence, we believe that co-ordinating potential responses in this way provides a greater deterrent for Europe and NATO.
That is the basis of this agreement.
Clearly, our deepest and closest relationship on nuclear deterrence is with the United States of America.
Can the Minister confirm how this agreement will affect that relationship, which is crucial for our security?
The agreement does not change our very close relationship with the Americans.
In line with the NATO strategic concept, the strategic forces of the US, the UK and France all contribute significantly to the overall security of the alliance.
There is no reason why that should not continue to be the case.
rose—
rose—
I call Jim Shannon.
Thank you very much, Mr Speaker— I always expect to be called last, but I have just jumped in ahead of my colleague and friend,  the hon.
Member for South Antrim (Robin Swann) .
I thank the Minister for her answers today.
We very much welcome the news that we are to enhance our nuclear programme—that security can only be good for our whole nation.