That is good for bills, good for jobs and good for borders.
I thank my right hon.
Friend the Minister for his answer.
Given that he leads on UK-EU relations, will he outline how the Cabinet Office will ensure that the new sanitary and phytosanitary agreement will reduce the level of checks on goods at both the Eurotunnel terminal in Folkstone, in my constituency, and the Port of Dover, and improve the flow of trade?
What steps are being taken to further break down barriers to trade in goods with the EU?
My hon.
and learned Friend is a powerful advocate for his constituents in Folkestone and Hythe.
The SPS agreement will remove routine border checks and certification, including for goods travelling through Folkestone and the Port of Dover.
It will mean that fresh produce will hit supermarket shelves more quickly, with less paperwork and fewer costs.
The new agreement with the EU will help Scottish businesses to grow and to export.
World-class producers such as Glenmorangie whisky, which is bottled in my constituency, Paterson’s shortbread, which is baked in my constituency, and the Scottish salmon industry have warmly welcomed the deal for Scotland.
Why does the Minister think that the SNP, the Tories and Reform have set their faces against it?
My hon.
Friend speaks very powerfully for his local businesses, and I am delighted that great produce such as Paterson’s shortbread, Lorne sausages and Scottish seed potatoes will benefit from easier and cheaper trade with the EU via the SPS agreement.
Any party that wants to reverse that will have to explain why it wants to take £9 billion-worth of benefits a year by 2040 away from our economy.
Does the Minister agree with me that, after years of the Conservatives picking fights with our most important allies rather than working with them on the shared challenges we face, our recently agreed trade deal and our closer co-operation on security and migration show the benefits of a grown-up approach to improving relations with our European partners?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The trade and co-operation agreement left a massive gap in our ability to tackle irregular migration.
The agreement we have now made with the EU starts the process of filling that gap through a comprehensive partnership.
It includes enhancing our operational relationship to tackle organised immigration crime and irregular migration with key agencies such as Europol.
This Government have a track record of announcing trade deals and then nothing actually happens, as our steel sector can attest.
Two months on from the Prime Minister crowing about a deal with the EU, will the Minister confirm whether any legal text has been agreed on SPS checks, sharing criminal records data and energy co-operation, and whether any of those measures have been implemented?
If the hon.
Member is seriously saying that our trade deals make no difference, he should visit Jaguar Land Rover and speak to the workers  there, whose jobs were saved by the economic deal with the United States.
He is absolutely right to say that the new common understanding is not in itself a legal text, but we will be moving to agree that legal text as soon as possible.
Given the questions from Conservative Back Benchers so far, they all seem to want it done as soon as possible, despite the opposition from those on their Front Bench.
If the last nine years have taught us nothing else, they have surely taught us that it is much easier to agree about the need for an agreement than it is to reach an agreement.
The SPS agreement will be critical for food and drink exports.
We are only going to get one chance on this, so to get it right we need maximum engagement with the companies and businesses doing the exporting.
What is the Minister doing to ensure that their voices are heard in these negotiations and that the agreement suits them?