We are closely engaged in a number of important meetings this week with senior automotive leaders, and we will continue to prepare that, working to keep the Select Committee involved.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
When we took office, years of Conservative neglect had left our steel industry on the brink, but while others were willing to let the heart of British industry go cold, we were not.
I welcome the recent conversion of Opposition colleagues to an active industrial policy, but make no mistake: while others may talk tough, only Labour can be trusted to act in the interests of British workers.
When the future of British Steel was on the line, we took immediate action.
I can report to the House that thanks to our intervention we have secured the raw materials to keep Scunthorpe’s blast furnaces lit, and British Steel has cancelled the redundancy consultation, which put 2,700 jobs at risk.
It was an honour to visit Scunthorpe and Immingham port recently to meet British Steel workers, and I am enormously grateful to them for their resilience, determination and hard work during a turbulent time.
There is still much to be done to protect and rebuild our steel industry as a whole after a decade of failure, and that is why we are committed to a £2.5 billion clean steel fund and to work with industry on our steel strategy.
We have always said that steel has a bright future in this country, and our actions over the past month have shown that we meant it.
To bring the Secretary of State to Hampshire and Surrey, there are major regeneration schemes under way in my constituency at Farnham, in Brightwells, and the new town centre in Bordon.
Both will ultimately depend on attracting physical businesses, be it retail, hospitality or otherwise, for their long-term success.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the Government should actively support prospective businesses in those areas, and does he not recognise that new taxes such as the national insurance contribution increases that his Government have imposed on businesses will cause businesses in my constituency to falter before they have even taken off?
I welcome the progress being made in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency—I thought he was about to invite me there, which is often the case at topical questions, but I sadly did not manage to secure an invitation.
I have been absolutely clear: I genuinely wish the inheritance of this Government was a better one in economic terms than the one we received.
I genuinely wish the Conservative Government had not left that black hole and that we had not had to make difficult decisions, but life is sometimes about difficult decisions, and Government and business certainly are as well.
Without investment in infrastructure, without a serious approach to the fiscal rules, which was absent for much of the last Government, and without investment in the health service, we would struggle.
I welcome the success he is talking about; I am always keen to work with him on that.
Pubs and restaurants are part of a thriving hospitality sector in my constituency.
What initiatives is the Department  planning to support such small businesses and boost economic growth in Colne Valley?
Of course, I invite the Minister to visit my constituency and experience our fantastic hospitality sector.
The hon.
Member for Farnham and Bordon (Gregory Stafford)  might not invite Ministers to his constituency, but I am grateful for my hon.
Friend’s invitation—diary permitting, I would be delighted to come along.
Last year, my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State announced our plans for a business growth service, which should make it easier for UK businesses to get Government advice and support in order to grow.
I hope that will make a real difference.