I wondered whether the shadow Secretary of State might finally use this set of questions to take the opportunity to apologise for helping to write the Liz Truss Budget, which drove interest rates up fourteen times and did more damage to business than any other single measure in recent times.
We had to take difficult decisions to sort out the fiscal inheritance we got, and we recognised that to tackle the cost of living crisis that the Conservatives bequeathed us, we needed to ensure that there is more money in people’s pockets.
The Employment Rights Bill will help to do just that.
What recent discussions he has had with the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs on the potential impact of his trade negotiations with the US on the farming sector.
I regularly engage with my Cabinet colleagues on a wide range of issues, and in particular the UK’s ongoing trade discussions with partner countries, given the cross-cutting nature of those matters.
The Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs is a key partner in that process, including with the US.
As colleagues know, we have had constructive discussions with the US on an economic deal, and we remain committed to those talks, but we have made it clear that we will only ever sign trade agreements that align with the UK’s national interests.
Our manifesto was also clear that we will always uphold our high food standards.
The Secretary of State in DEFRA recently appointed Baroness Batters to lead a profitability review in farming and has set up a farm profitability unit in the Department.
Those are welcome and necessary steps, but it is not entirely unknown for the efforts of  one Government Department to undermine those of another, so before the Secretary of State signs any trade deal with America, will he check in with DEFRA and run the rule over what it is doing on farm incomes so that he does not undermine its efforts?
We will all struggle to believe that at times different Departments could be better co-ordinated —I cannot recognise that at all!
I absolutely agree with the right hon.
Gentleman.
The moves to look at the business models around farming and profitability are welcome, and I think colleagues on both sides of the House would support that.
On matters of trade, DEFRA and its Secretary of State are closely involved with those conversations.
Perhaps in the past the community has not always felt this, but in some of the ongoing trade negotiations that we are progressing there are real export opportunities for UK agriculture.
Its quality and the premium and brand associated with that is a market that is growing around the world.
Part of our discussions in a range of different trade negotiations is about ensuring that there are more opportunities in future, but I promise the right hon.
Gentleman that the overall efforts of Government in the sector are co-ordinated, and that is ongoing.
What steps his Department is taking to help increase exports to the EU.
Three of our five largest trading partners are in the European Union.
Indeed, 46% of UK trade is with our friends, neighbours and partners in the EU.
The Department for Business and Trade, along with other Departments across Government— I hope in a co-ordinated way—have been contributing to the resetting of our relationship with the EU, and is fully engaged ahead of the first UK-EU summit scheduled to take place on  19 May .
Among the broad spectrum of policy areas, we aim to make progress on tackling barriers to trade and securing outcomes that will help more businesses across the UK export to our European neighbours.
This is a moment for Britain to show that it is serious about forging a renewed and reinvigorated relationship with the EU, which is still our largest trading partner.