I commend my hon.
Friend for meeting with Berkshire Growth Hub.
Growth hubs play a crucial role in local economies.
We want to supplement their work with our business growth service, which is set to launch later this year, and we are working with Skills England to identify the skills shortages in particular areas.
I am happy to ensure that Skills England talks to Berkshire Growth Hub through my hon.
Friend, so that the particular skills challenges in Berkshire are understood by Skills England.
Arrangements at the border are disadvantaging companies on both sides of the channel, so there are mutual advantages to be had in negotiations without feeling the need to make any major concessions, aren’t there?
I am not entirely convinced that the previous Government are a compass by which to navigate the next set of negotiations with the European Union.
The right hon.
Gentleman is entirely right that there is a whole series of unnecessary barriers to trade between ourselves and the European Union that were put in place as a direct consequence of the failure of the negotiations led by the previous Government.
He is right to recognise that that is affecting directly a whole number of businesses on both sides of the channel.
As the Secretary of State said, there is politics on both sides of the channel, but we are working very hard for British business in that context.
Can the Minister assure the steel communities of south Wales that they will receive a substantial share of the £2.5 billion steel fund?
My hon.
Friend and several other Welsh colleagues have been talking to me about this.
We renegotiated the deal with Port Talbot and the £500 million that goes alongside that.
I had a good meeting this week with Blastr, which is looking to build an iron pellet plant at the Port Talbot site if possible, and we are trying to support that.
Of course, our focus in recent weeks has been on Scunthorpe and British Steel, but the steel fund remains.
The steel plan is still being worked on, which is very broad and hopes to lift the entire UK steel industry.
Sheen Uncovered is a clothing business in my constituency that the Secretary of State is welcome to visit any time.
It has been significantly affected by the need to pay import duty up front, thanks to the Conservatives’ terrible Brexit deal, and that duty ranges between 6% and 12% and greatly impacts its cash flow.
What are the Government doing to support businesses such as Sheen Uncovered to reduce the challenge of import costs?
I assure the hon.
Lady that we are looking at how we can improve that relationship, and she is right to recognise that a whole number of barriers were created as a consequence of choices made previously, which are causing significant challenges to businesses small, medium and large.
As the Secretary of State made clear, we cannot give a running commentary on discussions that are under way, but I assure her that the needs and concerns of British business are uppermost in our minds in those discussions.
On the day of the Government’s necessary action to save British Steel, I sent the Secretary of State a letter requesting a meeting to discuss what further we need to do for Grangemouth, where hundreds of jobs have been lost this week when Petroineos decided to cease refining operations, and where thousands of further jobs are at risk.
Will he commit to meeting me to discuss the urgent actions that we need to take to secure accelerated investment in Grangemouth’s industrial future?
I can absolutely give that assurance.
I have had meetings about this issue just this week.
We are ambitious for the just transition for Grangemouth and recognise the issues not just with the refinery but with the polyethylene cracker.
We will get to work and set that meeting up.