It is important for the consumer to know that when they buy British, the goods are made here in the UK.
I am always keen to support my hon.
Friend, and I will certainly consider that legislation.
We are not a protectionist Government—we welcome open and free trade—but we believe British goods can compete on quality, and his area is a fine example of that.
Where British goods are being undercut, not by price and fair competition but by misrepresentation and fraudulent practices, we take that seriously and have taken more powers to deal with it.
I am sure that he will raise this shortly during the urgent question.
We will ensure that we give him the support he needs to pursue it.
Enersys ABSL is a space battery manufacturer based at the Culham campus in my Oxfordshire constituency.
The Minister will be aware that Culham has been designated as an AI growth zone by the Government.
It applied for an export licence last August but got an outcome only last week, which meant the contract was nearly lost to a French competitor.
What steps is the Minister taking to improve the process for granting export licences, so that companies are not subject to this kind of last-minute jeopardy?
I am unfamiliar with the particular case but concerned by that description.
We inherited the export licensing system, and we are reviewing it as part of our ongoing work looking at all aspects of the Government’s work.
If the hon.
Member writes to me, I will certainly take a personal interest in the matter and write back to him.
Folkestone and Hythe has a long history as a thriving tourist destination, but in recent years, with Brexit and rising costs, things are getting harder for businesses in our coastal communities.
What steps is the Department taking to support the growth of the tourism and hospitality industry in Kent?
I know from personal experience that there are some great hospitality and tourism businesses in Kent, and we want to see them do even better in the coming months and years.
That is why we are seeking to  support the sector through initiatives such as business rates reform and the licensing taskforce, which has just started work.
It is also why the Government will launch a national visitor economy strategy this autumn, as we seek to welcome 50 million international visitors annually by 2030—and many of them, I suspect, will visit Kent.
If the Secretary of State is not going to visit Farnham, can I tempt him to visit Fountain Beauty Therapy in Hurtmore, a much-loved business in my constituency?
The owner, Clare Porter, talks about the extreme pressure caused by the Employment Rights Bill, the hike in employers’ national insurance and the withdrawal of business rates relief, leading to a crisis in the hair and beauty sector.
What measures is the Secretary of State planning to alleviate pressure on this very important sector?
I am grateful to finally get an invitation to somewhere.
We understand that there are significant pressures for many businesses, and the global situation certainly will not provide reassurance in the short term.
The measures in the Employment Rights Bill are not in effect yet and will take some time to come in.
Since the election, nearly 200,000 jobs have been created, so the labour market is holding up particularly strongly.
There are particular issues such as making sure we get probationary periods right and that zero-hours contracts are monitored in the right way, and we are working with business on that.
This month I met Berkshire Growth Hub, which works with businesses in Bracknell and beyond on everything from starting up to opportunities in AI.
How can we ensure that growth hubs work with Skills England to continue to deliver local growth in communities such as mine?
I commend my hon.
Friend for meeting with Berkshire Growth Hub.
Growth hubs play a crucial role in local economies.