Thursday 8 May —General debate on St George’s day and English affairs, followed by a debate on a motion on the research and treatment of brain tumours.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 9 May —The House will not be sitting.
The provisional business for the week commencing  12 May  will include:
Monday 12 May —Remaining stages of the Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill.
Tuesday 13 May —Opposition day (7th allotted day).
Debate on a motion in the name of the Leader of the official Opposition, subject to be announced.
Wednesday 14 May —Consideration of Lords message on the Great British Energy Bill, followed by, if necessary, consideration of Lords amendments.
Thursday 15 May —General debate on solar farms, followed by a general debate on the long-term funding of youth services.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 16 May —Private Members’ Bills.
I am delighted that the Leader of the House has given time for a general debate on VE Day.
It is vital that we remember the sacrifice that each and every one of our communities made through the loss of servicemen for the liberties won for each and every one of us.
We will never forget them.
If I may, I want to pay tribute to the parliamentary security and policing teams.
On Monday evening a friend and I, while on the Terrace, saw a man enter the water outside from Westminster bridge.
We ran to report it to a police officer, who took us very seriously and immediately reported it in.
Five minutes later, emergency services located the person and evacuated them.
I thank the emergency services and that police officer, whose name I did not get, for acting in a timely way.
We wish the affected person well, as he was taken to hospital.
I am grateful to the Leader of the House for outlining the forthcoming business.
She will, I know, be looking forward to the FA cup final on  17 May  and will be cheering Manchester City on to victory against Crystal Palace almost as loudly as she heckles Opposition politicians here.
I look forward to my team, Southampton, meeting her team later on that month, although from our record I am not sure it will go too well.
On the subject of own goals, I am sure Members on both sides of the House will be looking on with some confusion at the chaos in the Government’s ranks following the former Prime Minister Tony Blair’s suggestion that the Government’s plan to phase out fossil fuels in the short term are doomed to fail.
That election-winning machine, at whose name many on the Labour Benches now groan at the simple mention of, has spoken sense.
Of course, it can be frustrating when former leaders weigh in on debates with contrary views to the parties they once led.
Believe me, I know how the Leader of the House and the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero feel—we have had more than our fair share—but the Government know that the former Prime Minister has a point.
We know that the Government are dreading the local elections today, the first real test of their performance in the nine months since they took power.
What will we see?
An ideological kamikaze dive towards net zero carbon emissions that tonight will deliver gains of net zero seats.
I pay tribute to candidates of all parties who have taken the step to put their heads above the parapet and who are willing to charge into the political fray.
Without them, our democracy would wither.
Of course, I would like to wish those standing as Conservative candidates all the best, and I hope the House will understand why I have done that.