The industrial strategy has identified eight key growth-driving sectors that will be the arrowhead of our economic success, but of course they cannot succeed without the critical supply chains and foundational industries that underpin them.
We are looking at all those foundational industries, including the chemicals industry, to see what the barriers to growth are, what challenges they face, and how can we overcome them through our strategy.
I very much welcome the Minister’s recognition of the chemicals sector’s contribution as a foundational sector and an anchor employer in constituencies such as mine; we have the Dow site there.
What can we do to support the deeply integrated supply chains across the UK and Europe that the chemicals sector, and Dow in particular, relies on?
I do not want to underestimate the challenges that the chemical sector faces.
Between 2021 and 2024, UK chemicals manufacturing fell in real terms by about a third.
We are working to improve the UK’s trade and investment relationship with the EU.
We want to build exports and investment opportunities and reduce barriers to trade.
Conversations are at an early stage, so I will not go into specifics, but we are certainly working to help the chemicals industry.
What assessment has the Minister made of the benefits that inclusion of the chemicals sector among the eight sectors could bring for our national security and our pharmaceutical sector?
How can all regions of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland benefit from this sector?
When we look at the eight sectors that we are trying to turbocharge through the industrial strategy, we see that the chemicals sector underpins so many other sectors.
We need to make sure that we protect it.
As I have just said, chemicals manufacturing has fallen by nearly a third over the past three years; we need to turn that around.
We are looking at what we can do to break down barriers and make improvements—for example, on the cost of energy.
That is part of the mix when it comes to making sure that we are secure in the future.
What steps he is taking to support the hospitality industry.
What steps he is taking to support the hospitality industry.
Hospitality businesses are vital to our communities and to economic growth in  the UK, which is why we plan to introduce permanently lower tax rates for retail, hospitality and leisure properties with rateable values of less than £500,000.
In addition, we recently held our first licensing taskforce meeting, which aims to reduce red tape for the sector.
Next Thursday, on VE Day, pubs and bars across the country will be able to stay open until late to enable everyone to celebrate all those who served during the second world war.
Pubs and the hospitality industry are by their very nature seasonal businesses and rely heavily on flexible working patterns.
I saw this at first hand when being served by many younger staff on my recent pub tour of the constituency.
Why is the Minister, through the powers in the Employment Rights Bill, seeking to end the flexible contracts that benefit these young people, which will end up causing pubs to have to close?
I gently remind the hon.
Gentleman of the dismal record of the Conservatives when it came to support for the hospitality sector; 10,000 pubs closed between 2010 and 2024.
The Employment Rights Bill will not have the effect that he describes.
The Bill will help to put money into people’s pockets, which is exactly what we need to do to help the hospitality industry going forward.
In my constituency, 115 pubs and five breweries contribute £40 million to the local economy and support 1,500 jobs.