The number of written questions being answered by this Government is down, and I have to say that the quality of response is deteriorating.
I do hope she will take this up with her Cabinet colleagues.
As we go away for our bank holiday, I wish the Leader of the House and all Members a restful weekend, with a chance to spend time with loved ones and, perhaps, put a call in to their Chief Whip.
We will return on Tuesday, when we will continue to hold this Government to account for the people of this great country.
I join the shadow Minister in thanking the police and security services of the House for the work they do day in, day out, and particularly in the case he has raised.
I take this opportunity to thank the King for all the work he is doing for those living with cancer; his openness about his own condition really does bring huge comfort to those living with theirs.
I also take this opportunity to welcome progress on the minerals agreement between the US and Ukraine that was achieved overnight and the wider partnership.
The support of the Government and of the whole House remains unwaveringly with those in Ukraine, and that will continue.
I join the shadow Minister in thanking all candidates standing in the local elections today, and I thank him for wishing Man City all the success I hope it will get in the forthcoming FA cup final, and against Southampton.
It is really good to see the shadow Minister in his elevated place today, reaching the heady heights of business questions this morning.
I am sure he will agree that this is the pinnacle of his career so far.
As you can see, Mr Speaker, he has really drawn in the crowds.
I am only joking; the attendance is no reflection on him.
His journey to this point has been—how shall I put it?—one of dogged and determined pursuit.
He was a councillor, I believe, when he was very young, at just 20, and has been a special adviser.
Before coming here, he stood in a number of seats; in fact, in his relatively short parliamentary career, he has already been the MP for two different constituencies.
In all seriousness, I have a great deal of time for the hon.
Gentleman, who is a formidable and notable representative of his party.
It might be a bit of a low bar right now, but he is well above it.
He really is a rising star of the party—
Waning!
He is a very popular Member of this House. [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”]
There we are.
The shadow Minister raises a matter that is very important to me: timely and full responses to written parliamentary questions and correspondence.
I take this matter incredibly seriously and will continue, as always, to raise it with Cabinet Ministers, collectively and individually, when they fall short.
The shadow Minister also raises the issue of net zero.
I am sorry, given his glittering career, that he felt the need to read out from the latest Whips’ crib sheet on net zero.
The blinkered vision that the Conservatives have shown on the opportunity of net zero and the transition that we need to make is why they did so little in their time in office.
Let us look at what is actually happening.
The North sea basin is diminishing; it is a finite resource.
That is why the workforce in the North sea has fallen by a third over the past 10 years.
There is a global race for the new technologies of the future, and we are now in that race—something the Conservatives failed to do for many years.
We are making sure that the North sea has the opportunities of the future, and there are some great opportunities.