In the face of Putin’s barbaric war in Europe and with Donald Trump’s reckless tariffs threatening fresh economic turmoil, we cannot afford to be complacent.
The future of energy-intensive industries, not least our steel industry, hangs in the balance.
Steelmaking is not just an economic asset; it is of vital strategic importance to the UK.
We need steel in order to build the infrastructure required for a sustainable, secure future, from wind turbines and railways to hospitals and homes.
Without it, our ambitions for net zero and national resilience will collapse.
As such, will the Government give a clear, unequivocal commitment to their net zero plans, and will they ensure that no option is off the table when it comes to safeguarding our steel industry and the future of British manufacturing?
I can give the hon.
Gentleman reassurance that we are looking at all options to support the steel industry, which is foundational to our country.
He makes the correct points about how important steel is to building our future, whether it be runways, homes or other infra- structure.
We are looking at all options, and we have the steel plan, which will be coming out soon, and the £2.5 billion earmarked to support the steel industry.
My constituency has many brilliant metal manufacturing companies that supply critical UK industries in defence, automotive and construction.
However, many of them are struggling because the last Government left us with sky-high electricity prices and a dependence on foreign gas imports.
Last month, I launched Make UK’s new “Electrify Industry” initiative in Parliament, which seeks to address this broad challenge.
Can the Minister set out how the clean power 2030 action plan will make industrial energy costs cheaper and help us drive growth in the west midlands manufacturing industry?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her championing of her constituency.
I am still to visit, and I must do that, because I know she has many exciting places for me to see.
Electrifying industry is crucial.
The Climate Change Committee has said that that is the route and that 61% of industry will need to be electrified.
We need to make sure we do that.
We are looking through the spending review process, as I am sure she would expect, at how we can support industries to make that change to electric and how we can help with some of the capital costs, which will lead to lower costs in the longer term.
Making that leap can be difficult, and that is what we are looking at through the spending review.
Why is it better, according to the Government, to import gas from Norway instead of developing our own North sea gas fields?
The North sea fields are a declining basin.
We lost 70,000 jobs under the previous Government.
Something like only one in 10 of the licences that have been approved over recent years have actually amounted to anything, because of the difficulties of a declining basin.
The impact on prices of a very small amount of the global mix coming from the North sea would be zero.
It would not change a penny in the costs we would pay.
When the previous Government looked at supporting energy-intensive industries, they included within the definition brewers, cider makers and wine makers, but not distillers, despite the fact that distillers use 17 kW per hour to make a litre of alcohol, compared with  brewers which use just 0.5 kW per hour.
As the Government consider what they will have to do to support energy-intensive industries such as distilling, will the Minister consider that the Scotch whisky industry in particular is critical to the maintenance of economic activity and good- quality jobs in some of the most remote and economically fragile communities in this country?
We are obviously keen to do what we can to support the Scottish whisky industry.
I have been to see it and understand how important it is.