I have had meetings about this issue just this week.
We are ambitious for the just transition for Grangemouth and recognise the issues not just with the refinery but with the polyethylene cracker.
We will get to work and set that meeting up.
Many rural businesses rely on farms for their trade.
Since the Government announced the family farm tax in the Budget, CBI Economics has spoken to over 4,000 businesses and farms across the country—49% said that they have either cancelled or deferred investment, and 34% said that they have reduced or paused it altogether.
How  can the Government say that they are supporting local  businesses, and what will the Department do to support farms and rural businesses that are suffering because of the Government’s policies?
I feel that is a question for either the Treasury or the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, but the hon.
Lady made it well.
Agriculture features prominently in trade and business, and I will ensure that she gets the right opportunity to put questions about taxation to the Chancellor.
Across my constituency in recent weeks we have experienced severe delays to post in those areas served by the Huntingdon delivery office.
That follows a recent restructuring of the workforce and changes to delivery routes.
Rural communities and businesses, in particular, have been impacted, with missed hospital appointments and several businesses telling me that it is affecting their ability to receive and therefore pay invoices.
Will the Minister urgently investigate those ongoing and worsening delays in Huntingdon, and write to me with the outcome of his findings?
I had to wait 50 minutes for a question, Mr Speaker, but this is an important one and I share the hon.
Member’s concerns.
We regularly meet Ofcom to discuss the performance of Royal Mail, and I will certainly write to him about the discussions we have in respect of his constituency.
What discussions has the Minister had with his counterpart in Northern Ireland about encouraging young people into casual hospitality employment, to teach them about the benefits of work and the importance of managing money?
I am always grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his questions.
We always seek to keep colleagues in Northern Ireland well briefed on a range of issues, particularly some of the complexities around trade that have come out of the Windsor agreement and need to be managed carefully.
I do not think I have had a specific conversation about the matter he raises, but this is a good opportunity to say that I think I should, and I will.
I am grateful to him for getting that on the record.
Will the Secretary of State be straightforward with the House today about how much taxpayers’ money has been spent so far on British Steel?
The amount of working capital provided to British Steel to date stands at £94 million, which is considerably less than if we had given a large amount of money to Jingye, or if we had had to deal with the complete loss of the entire British Steel site and business.
Modelling by the Scottish Government has shown that Brexit-made barriers are likely to have reduced Scottish exports by £3 billion, compared with continued EU membership.
Greater co-operation and a closer relationship with the EU will always be encouraged by SNP Members, but does the Secretary of State recognise that anything short of full single market and customs union membership continues to damage Scotland’s economy?
In substantive terms, the hon.
Gentleman’s point is important: we should be looking to reduce unnecessary barriers to trade between the United Kingdom and our friends, neighbours and partners in the European Union.
However, on a political level, it is worth recognising that, had Scotland voted in 2014 to leave the United Kingdom, it would also have left the European Union.