It is one of the reasons why we are taking urgent steps to agree a new deal with the US, why we are seeking to reset our relationship with the EU, and why we are keen to open up new opportunities through a free trade agreement with India, and new opportunities in the Indo-Pacific.
When he served in a senior role under a previous Prime Minister, his party took decisions to cut support for exporters.
We are looking at what we can do to help exporters move forward.
The Minister will know that Meriden and Solihull East is proud to be the home of Jaguar Land Rover.
JLR, the supply chain and the small businesses in it are crucial, not just for the constituency, but in exporting.
I have written to the Secretary of State asking for a meeting, and I am very willing to work with the Government on this.
I recently visited Washington and spoke to Congress people about the damage that tariffs can do.
What is the Minister doing to help not just JLR, but those small businesses, and how we can work together?
I know my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State is urgently seeking to arrange the meeting with the hon.
Member to discuss this issue, because we recognise that this is a key concern of the automotive sector.
As I have said, we are seeking to negotiate an economic deal with the US, but we are also looking to work with the automotive industry to increase  exports of cars and other things that they produce across all sorts of new markets.
One of the roadshows we are organising for small businesses is about that.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Government are far from supporting small businesses to export.
Businesses of every size, up and down the country, are failing at a rate not seen since the 2008 financial crash, when Labour was last in power.
Confidence is slumping, family businesses are closing, millionaires are fleeing the country—and that is before tariffs hit.
What representations is the Minister making to the Chancellor about reversing some of the measures that hit business in her Hallowe’en Budget?
I had thought that one of the first contributions from the Opposition Front Benchers today would be to celebrate the £1 billion investment by IKEA in the UK.
It is opening its flagship store on Oxford Street today, and committing to a range of investments in other towns and cities across the UK.
When the hon.
Lady was on the Treasury Committee, I do not know whether she looked at the cuts the previous Government made to help for small businesses in getting their goods into new markets.
We are taking active steps to increase the opportunities for small businesses in overseas markets.
What steps his Department is taking to negotiate trade agreements with the UK’s main trading partners.
I announced in July that we were resuming free trade agreement negotiations with the Gulf Co-operation Council, India, Israel, the Republic of Korea, Switzerland and Türkiye.
We have also begun talks with the United States on an economic prosperity deal, and we support the Cabinet Office with trade aspects of the EU reset.
Given the utter unreliability and, frankly, economic illiteracy of President Trump, and given that the EU is by far our largest trading partner, it is clear that the best interests of the UK are served by our having a deal that allows the closest possible co-ordination with the EU.
Does the Minister agree with me that that should cover youth mobility, and improved energy and climate co-operation?
Specifically, will he work with his colleagues to ensure that we ease burdens for British business by linking the UK and EU emissions trading schemes, and by aligning on chemicals regulation, to boost British productivity and prosperity?
I think that was a few questions, but we seem to have time for them today, so I welcome all of them.