I thank the hon.
Lady for the earlier part of her comments.
She is right that we wanted the previous Government to secure the India FTA, and we were willing to support them fully in doing that, but they were unable to get it across the line.
With Canada, there are issues, particularly around agriculture, that are similar to those involving the US, so that may be more of a challenging negotiation.
The entirety of this Government, however, have been clear that we are not seeking to pick between one market and another—both are absolutely fundamental.
The Chancellor’s comments specifically relate to the  simple truth that there is a much greater quantum of UK-EU trade than UK-US trade.
Equally, though, in all these negotiations, we have to focus on not just what can be done quickly, but what can be done right and in the national interest.
There is no point securing an agreement that does not deliver on our objectives, no matter whom that agreement is with.
We will welcome any support from the Conservatives for the work we are trying to do.
I do believe it is easier politically for this Government to do some trade agreements that are available to the UK; some may not have been politically available to the Conservative Government.
We will continue to do that work, and we welcome all support for it, from across the House.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Yesterday, I asked the Prime Minister whether Parliament will get a final vote on any trade deal negotiated with the United States, and the Prime Minister stated that it would go through the known process.
That process does not include a vote for MPs on the ratification of any trade deal.
Will the Secretary of State therefore make it explicitly clear, with a yes or no, whether MPs will get a final vote on the deal with the United States?
The PM’s answer yesterday implied that we would not.
The answer, as the hon.
Gentleman knows, is no; we are not, in this Government, seeking to change the ratification process for any treaty.
He knows the process and how it works.
The Constitutional Reform and Governance Act 2010 sets out that process.
It allows MPs to scrutinise any treaty agreed with a country and presented to the House.
The implementation of any aspect of any treaty still has to come to Parliament, of course; it is not the case that any agreement on any kind of international treaty can supersede what we agree in this place.
In that process, all Members of Parliament get the same rights and privileges, quite rightly, but no—we are not proposing changes to the process by which we agree treaties with other countries.
What steps his Department is taking to help support trade with European countries.
As we have just been discussing, increasing trade with European countries is and has been a focus of discussion between Ministers in the Department for Business and Trade and their EU counterparts.
I recently met Ministers from Spain, France, Denmark, Poland and Germany, and work is under way on the first UK-EU summit, scheduled to take place on  19 May ; trade and the economy will form one element of a broader agenda about our strategic partnership.
Across wider Europe, we are negotiating an enhanced free trade agreement with Switzerland, which we hope will strengthen our trading relationship there.
The UK’s economic relationship with Sweden is among the most important of our economic relationships with our European partners, particularly with Sweden having recently joined NATO.
As the Minister will know, Babcock is pursuing a partnership with Saab to build four Luleå-class corvettes for Sweden.
That would involve significant work at Rosyth dockyard and secure thousands of jobs in my constituency.
This would be a joint export product, bringing considerable further value to the UK.