As the Minister will know, Babcock is pursuing a partnership with Saab to build four Luleå-class corvettes for Sweden.
That would involve significant work at Rosyth dockyard and secure thousands of jobs in my constituency.
This would be a joint export product, bringing considerable further value to the UK.
Given the significance of this deal to my constituency and shipbuilding in the UK, will the Minister confirm its importance to our relationship with Sweden, and do all that he can to support and champion this vital defence industrial partnership?
Having worked so closely with former Prime Minister Gordon Brown over a number of years, I am probably the last person in this Chamber who needs to be convinced of the economic significance of the Rosyth dockyard.
As my hon.
Friend knows, I have recently had meetings with Babcock’s executive team, both in London and abroad.
Due to commercial sensitivities, I cannot discuss details of the deal to which he has referred.
I am grateful for his recent letter to the Secretary of State on this matter; a response was issued yesterday.
He can be fully assured that the Government value the defence relationship with Sweden and fully recognise the importance of defence industrial partnerships between the United Kingdom and Swedish companies.
They contribute greatly to our defence and growth objectives.
Food and drink is one of Scotland’s most successful industries, and it is worth £15 billion to the economy.
Over the coming months, the UK Government face a choice in their trade talks with the EU and US: do we align our food and farming standards with those in the EU, or reduce our quality standards at the behest of the United States?
Will the Secretary of State guarantee that Scotland’s food and drink industry will not be jeopardised through desperation to satisfy the demands of, and secure a deal with, Donald Trump?
At exactly this point tomorrow morning, I will be visiting a farm in East Lothian, so I can assure the hon.
Gentleman that I am fully aware of the importance of food and agriculture to the Scottish economy and, more broadly, to the UK economy.
I also respectfully refer him to the Labour manifesto at the last general election, which made very clear our commitment to maintaining important standards.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Product Regulation and Metrology Bill, which is about to start its Committee stage in the House, may sound a little dry, but it would give the Secretary of State unfettered power to sign up to dynamic alignment with the European Union at the 19th summit.
Given that voters are going to the polls today, will the Minister take the opportunity at the Dispatch Box to rule out the UK becoming an EU rule-taker?
I am slightly worried that the question adds two and two and gets about 97.
The Bill recognises that we have to find a way forward on standards with the European Union, but to try to overlay what is, as the shadow Minister says, a necessary and somewhat dry technical piece of legislation with the policy agenda that she alludes to is simply wrong.
What steps he is taking to include the chemicals sector within the industrial strategy.
The industrial strategy has identified eight key growth-driving sectors that will be the arrowhead of our economic success, but of course they cannot succeed without the critical supply chains and foundational industries that underpin them.
We are looking at all those foundational industries, including the chemicals industry, to see what the barriers to growth are, what challenges they face, and how can we overcome them through our strategy.
I very much welcome the Minister’s recognition of the chemicals sector’s contribution as a foundational sector and an anchor employer in constituencies such as mine; we have the Dow site there.