Does the Minister agree with me that that should cover youth mobility, and improved energy and climate co-operation?
Specifically, will he work with his colleagues to ensure that we ease burdens for British business by linking the UK and EU emissions trading schemes, and by aligning on chemicals regulation, to boost British productivity and prosperity?
I think that was a few questions, but we seem to have time for them today, so I welcome all of them.
First of all, I recognise exactly what the hon.
Lady says.
When it comes to the importance of the EU as a principal trading partner for this country, the figures speak for themselves.
I disagree with her about us having to choose between the US and the EU, or any other markets.
I believe that the UK can be well positioned for all markets.
There will be strong political views in this place about political leaders in a range of  countries, but I would just say to her that when it comes to the United States, there are potentially thousands of jobs at stake.
That is why we are pursuing a trade and economic prosperity deal with the US, and I think we cannot get away from that.
On the questions relating to the EU, a successful negotiation takes two parties.
I want to see greater co-operation.
I would not talk about the specifics of any part of the negotiations, but I would not want the kind of barrier that she identified to be in place.
I want the UK to have the best and most frictionless trade possible with the EU, in a way that is consistent with our aspirations and obligations with the rest of the world, but she has made her point very well, and I recognise it.
I declare an interest as the trade envoy to New Zealand.
What conversations has the Secretary of State had recently with his New Zealand counterparts on the implementation of the UK-New Zealand free trade agreement?
First, let me thank my hon.
Friend for all her work as our trade envoy to New Zealand.
She knows, because she was present, that on his visit to the UK, New Zealand Prime Minister Luxon spent the day with the Prime Minister, and I was able to spend considerable time with him in the afternoon.
We discussed the implementation of the UK-New Zealand FTA, as well as the comprehensive and progressive agreement for trans-Pacific partnership, and the importance of working together to support free trade and to protect a rules-based trading system.
We are working to ensure that businesses are using the FTA to support the Government’s growth agenda and the plan for change.
Later this month, we will host the UK-New Zealand FTA joint committee, which will discuss continuing to grow UK and New Zealand trade.
I call the shadow Minister.
It is good to hear that the trade negotiations with India, which began when we were in government, are progressing well.
There must surely now be an opportunity to reopen talks with Canada, so it can buy more wonderful cheese from the UK.
With the tariff clock ticking, I am sure the Secretary of State recognises that the US deal is the most urgent; many UK jobs are at risk.
However, we heard recently from the Chancellor, when she was in the States, that her bigger priority is discussions with the EU, where we already have zero tariffs and zero quotas.
Does the Secretary of State share the Chancellor’s priorities, or does he think the US is more urgent?
I thank the hon.
Lady for the earlier part of her comments.
She is right that we wanted the previous Government to secure the India FTA, and we were willing to support them fully in doing that, but they were unable to get it across the line.