As the Government consider what they will have to do to support energy-intensive industries such as distilling, will the Minister consider that the Scotch whisky industry in particular is critical to the maintenance of economic activity and good- quality jobs in some of the most remote and economically fragile communities in this country?
We are obviously keen to do what we can to support the Scottish whisky industry.
I have been to see it and understand how important it is.
The definitions of energy-intensive industries were developed under the previous Government, and we have no immediate plans to change those, but I will take away the right hon.
Gentleman’s point and look into it.
On net zero, I think there is a national consensus on making the environment better, creating green jobs and improving energy security, but will the Minister recognise that for many people, consumers and companies out there—particularly small businesses, by the way; it is not all about large ones—there is too much happening, too soon and too fast?
Rather than having regressive and punitive taxes on industry and small businesses, there should be more education and more incentives to change consumer and company behaviour.
The right hon.
Gentleman makes a perfectly reasonable point.
We have a national consensus that we need to act, and I think the population are with us on that.
They understand that we need to make sure we have a planet for our children and our grandchildren and that we need to do everything we can.
As was said this week, we want to tread lightly on people’s lives, and of course we do not want to inflict regressive and punitive taxation.
We want to make sure we are supporting industry and business, and we are looking at how we can help to incentivise the changes that we need to see.
Despite Scotland’s growing abundance of potentially cheap renewable energy, businesses in Scotland’s energy sector are dealt a double blow, whereby energy-intensive businesses in the renewables supply chain are hammered by high energy costs in production and extortionate transmission charges.
When the Minister looks at this problem, as her colleague told me he would the other day, will she bear in mind that this is entirely linked to the high cost of producing energy and all the other ways in which the current energy market model serves Scotland poorly?
I think it was probably the Minister for Energy, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rutherglen (Michael Shanks) , who gave that assurance to the hon.
Gentleman, and he is looking at all these issues.
We have a very complex energy system.
We are trying to make it as cost-effective as we can, and sustainable in the long term, to give us the energy security that we all need.
I am sure my hon.
Friend will continue to look at these issues.
A vital ingredient of any net zero policy is an understanding of the word “net”.
Ultimately, we are going to have to grapple with technology that we have had for over a century to remove carbon directly from the air, aren’t we?
We are happy to look at a range of options.
The whole point of the clean energy plan is that we are using a very diverse range of interventions, some of which are more high-tech and for the future, and some of which are well established.
We need that mix.
Given the huge economic and environmental effects of burning fossil fuels, it is clear that the future of energy has to be clean, green, cheap renewables, plus energy efficiency.
All of us who care about fact-based, truth-based politics should call out the outrageous misinformation from those who suggest that net zero is the reason for high energy prices, when it clearly is not.
Gas prices have gone through the roof in recent years, and we all know why: because of Putin’s outrageous invasion of Ukraine.