What steps he is taking to help support high street businesses.
We are reforming business rates, rolling out banking hubs, stamping out late payments, empowering communities to bring vacant properties on the high street back into use and beginning to tackle the antisocial behaviour and crime that has bedevilled the high street over the last decade.
Last month, we also announced a licensing taskforce that will recommend ways to improve our licensing regime to foster vibrant hospitality, the night-time economy and cultural industries on the high street.
A British Retail Consortium survey this week of major retailers employing half a million people found that 70% say that the £5 billion a year Employment Rights Bill will have a negative impact on their business and half said that it would lead to job cuts.
How does the Minister expect our high streets to cope with that extra cost, coming on top of higher business rates and higher national insurance?
When will the Government actually listen to businesses and to the people creating jobs in this country?
The Conservative party has a rather dismal record on support to workers.
I gently say to the hon.
Gentleman that most businesses that do the right thing by their employees support the Employment Rights Bill.
One reason the Bill is so important is that it will help put more money into people’s pockets, and that will have a knock-on benefit for high street businesses.
What steps his Department is taking to support businesses in rural areas.
Rural areas offer significant potential for growth and are central to our economy, so we are working closely with other Government Departments, including the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, to improve the quality of life for people living and working in rural areas.
Later this year, we will launch the business growth service, which, in partnership with the growth hub network in England, will make it easier for businesses, including those in rural areas, to get the information and support that they need to thrive.
I thank the Minister for his answer.
I am encouraged that his Department is working with other Departments.
There are brilliant vineyards in Mid Sussex, such as Bolney wine estate, which produce high-quality English wine.
They form a vital part of the rural economy and they also entice domestic and international tourism.
With the end of the wine duty easement on  1 February  causing significant concerns across the sector, what steps is the Minister taking to ensure that the English wine industry is not damaged by that and instead can continue to grow and go from strength to strength?
We recognise that the English wine industry, which has gone from strength to strength in recent years, is a crucial part of the rural economy and of the food and drink offer that the UK can rightly be proud of.
It is one reason that we are seeking to increase exports of food and drink, including helping English vineyards to export English wine to a range of markets overseas, and we will certainly continue to do that.
What recent discussions he has had with his US counterpart on tariffs.
As we have heard, the US is our largest single country trading partner, with total trade worth £315 billion in 2024, representing 18% of total UK trade.
More than a million Americans work for UK-owned businesses and vice versa.
We have regular and ongoing constructive negotiations with our US counterparts, including some this week, on securing a wider economic deal to benefit UK businesses and our economy.
In those talks, we continually push the case for free and open trade.
Nobody wants to see a trade war, so our focus is on keeping calm and continuing to negotiate in the interest of UK businesses and consumers.