Ceramics is there.
We do not need the same level of investment that steel does; we need a tiny fraction of it.
Can we have it, and can we have it soon?
If we have to come back here in six weeks, there will be no sector left to defend.
I agree with my hon.
Friend and recognise the challenge.
We lost 1,250 jobs in the ceramics sector between 2015 and 2023.
It has been a very sad decline, and we want to turn that around.
The whole point of an industrial strategy is to have a Government who are proactive in supporting our industries.
We will not put extra cost on the ceramics industry; we are looking to see how we can help and support.
My hon.
Friend has my word on that.
We are working on every single one of the suggested policy reforms in the package that Ceramics UK has put forward, and we will meet him next week to talk about these things.
I cannot make promises at the Dispatch Box on areas that are not my responsibility and rule out whole swathes of policy, but I assure my hon.
Friend that we will not put extra costs on the ceramics industry.
We are looking to do more and to support, and we will come back.
I completely understand his point about the timing and the need to act quickly.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Grangemouth, the Luton Vauxhall plant and now the Moorcroft pottery in Stoke-on-Trent—every single week, we hear of more job losses in energy-intensive industries and more British companies shutting up shop and laying off workers because of the toxic combination of high energy costs and this Chancellor’s devastating jobs tax.
We have the highest industrial electricity prices in the developed world.
Just this week, INEOS told us in no uncertain terms that carbon taxes and high energy costs are killing off manufacturing in the UK.
This Government have been warned by Opposition Members, by the GMB this week and by Unite.
This week, they were warned by none other than Tony Blair.
What was their response?
Advisers in No.
10 Downing Street picked up the phone and begged him to row back on what he said.
They asked him to row back on what we all know to be true—what the Minister, Morgan McSweeney, apparently, and an increasing number of the Government’s own Back Benchers know to be true: the current approach to energy and net zero is doomed to fail, and voters are being asked to make financial sacrifices when they know that the impact on global emissions is minimal.
That is at the heart of this madness.
This Government are wilfully destroying British industry in oil and gas, ceramics, chemicals and metals when they know that it will not make a difference to global emissions.
We will not use any less oil and gas; neither will we use any less steel, cement, bricks or chemicals.
We will just import those things from abroad, at greater cost to our economy and the climate and with British job losses added to the bargain.
As the Government are led by an ideological zealot, the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, and by a Prime Minister too weak to rein him in, we will continue down this path, and British workers will pay the price—in Aberdeen, in Grangemouth, in Luton, and today in Stoke.
Energy is not a silo; energy costs underpin growth, prosperity, competitiveness and living standards.
Without cheap energy, our industries will not survive—British manufacturers cannot remain competitive—so what will the Minister do to prevent more British jobs being lost in energy-intensive industries in this country?
Will she listen to the head of Unite, who says that working-class people are losing their jobs and that this Government have no plan to replace them?
Will the Government end their mad ideological plan to shut down North sea operations?