Last year, my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State announced our plans for a business growth service, which should make it easier for UK businesses to get Government advice and support in order to grow.
I hope that will make a real difference.
In addition, we are considering what else we can do to unlock better access to finance for small businesses such as those in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The Secretary of State says that all the funding required for the nationalisation of British Steel will come out of existing budgets.
We have seen his Department’s budget—we had an estimates day debate in the House not long ago—and there was no unallocated pot.
Could he be a little more specific about exactly which budget the money is coming from?
The shadow Secretary of State points to the statement in which I said that in the previous budget there was a £2.5 billion allocation for the green steel fund.
Of course, that came in addition to the £500 million for the Port Talbot transformation, which was agreed under the previous Government but was not in the Departmental accounts—as he knows, it was in a heavily oversubscribed Treasury reserve.
Yes, the green steel fund will be there to support what we have had to do at Scunthorpe.
Again, as I said when Parliament was recalled, the question there was whether we would pay a significant amount of money for the total loss of the business; give a large amount of money to Jingye, but without the certainty that it would be able to deliver on that plan; or step in and take the action that we did, which I am confident was the right option for value for money and for Scunthorpe.
I thank the Secretary of State for his answer.
I think it is widely agreed that the cost of nationalising British Steel could run into the billions.
Is he really saying that he plans to raid the previously allocated £2.5 billion green steel fund from the national wealth fund, and how is he doing that given that the national wealth fund is operationally independent?
Is not the truth that, sooner or later, this will have to come from his department’s budget at the expense of financial support for the automotive sector, exporters and hard-working trade negotiators?
I recognise the shadow Secretary of State’s concern, but let me reassure him on that point.
The options available to the Government were: first, the total collapse of British Steel, which would have had an incredible cost to the Exchequer of well over £1 billion; secondly, the request from Jingye for £1.2 billion, which the Leader of the Opposition said  she did or did not agree to in some way with it going to Teesside, at very significant cost; or thirdly, as we have done so far, the provision of working capital to British Steel in order to pay wages and continue the purchase of raw materials and the operation of the business.
Of course, those costs will be incurred by the company, because they will enable it to produce and sell steel.
I will write to him with the details if he is not confident in the decision that we have made, but it was the right decision not just for the steel industry but for the taxpayer.
Wherever possible, I think we should buy British, and that obviously starts with buying British-made ceramics.
May I encourage the Department of Business and Trade to support my Ceramics (Country of Origin Marking) Bill, which would crack down on cheap imports and fakers who pass off their products as British wares?
It is important for the consumer to know that when they buy British, the goods are made here in the UK.
I am always keen to support my hon.
Friend, and I will certainly consider that legislation.