I pay tribute to candidates of all parties who have taken the step to put their heads above the parapet and who are willing to charge into the political fray.
Without them, our democracy would wither.
Of course, I would like to wish those standing as Conservative candidates all the best, and I hope the House will understand why I have done that.
As voters go to the polls, they will be asking themselves what sort of council they want to represent them and provide vital public services for them and their families.
Do they want the high-tax, highly bureaucratic, debt-laden local authorities of Labour, or do they want efficient, effective and accountable local guardians, which they have under the Conservatives?
Let us not forget that Conservative councils deliver better services with lower council taxes.
We do not have to look any further than Labour-controlled Birmingham, where bin bags have piled up on the streets, to get an idea of the monumental failures of this Labour Government so far.
That is to say nothing of the rats, which not only represent a terrible health and safety threat to residents but terrorise the neighbourhoods they infest.
They will not be jumping from any sinking ships, but the Government’s past voters certainly are.
Why is the Government’s ship sinking?
We need only look over at the Labour Benches to see who is to blame.
After nine months of Labour Government, the promise of change has ended up in the over-filling bins of the council they control.
I will not argue that there have been some changes.
The Prime Minister has changed his donor-funded Armani suits many times, while the pensioners that they have made poorer buy their clothes from the charity shops that this Government are taxing to the hilt.
Talking of donors, a Labour donor is now becoming the independent football regulator.
What a bargain for half a million pounds.
Most important are not the changes the Government have made, but the fact that the public have changed their minds about Labour —and how can we blame them?
The Office for Budget Responsibility has halved its estimate for growth this year.
With the Government’s continued campaign against the elderly, farmers, the self-employed and small business owners, it is no wonder that the Government are so unpopular.
They have run out of people to target.
There is a saying that actions  have consequences.
Can the Leader of the House find time to schedule a debate to discuss the consequences of her Government’s economic failures and the woeful actions of their Chancellor?
Growth is at all-time low.
Taxes and debt are at an all-time high.
Businesses and charities are alarmed at how they will keep going.
Can we have a debate on that mission for growth and how it is going?
I suspect the answer will be no.
I want to raise one final topic with the Leader of the House, which I and other colleagues have touched on previously: the long timeframes and poor-quality responses to written correspondence and written questions from Members.
As I am sure all Members and the Leader of the House will agree, it is vital that we, as parliamentarians, are able to make representations to the Government and receive responses to our queries in a timely manner, with a reply that takes full account of the questions made.
Too many times now, Members have had to raise in this Chamber the response times, or lack of response to their constituency inquiries.
The number of written questions being answered by this Government is down, and I have to say that the quality of response is deteriorating.
I do hope she will take this up with her Cabinet colleagues.
As we go away for our bank holiday, I wish the Leader of the House and all Members a restful weekend, with a chance to spend time with loved ones and, perhaps, put a call in to their Chief Whip.