Without cheap energy, our industries will not survive—British manufacturers cannot remain competitive—so what will the Minister do to prevent more British jobs being lost in energy-intensive industries in this country?
Will she listen to the head of Unite, who says that working-class people are losing their jobs and that this Government have no plan to replace them?
Will the Government end their mad ideological plan to shut down North sea operations?
What will it take for Labour Back Benchers to wake up and realise that this ideological approach is crippling this country?
The Conservative party is hiding behind this new-found scepticism of net zero to conceal its complete failure to support and grow our foundational  and manufacturing industries on its watch.
On its watch, we lost 70,000 jobs in the North sea and 1,250 jobs in the ceramics sector, chemicals manufacturing fell by 30%, and we produced only 30% of the steel that we use in this country.
The Conservative party’s record on this issue is shameful.
This Government have a completely different approach.
We are developing the industrial strategy, which will support those foundational industries.
We are looking to make sure we can reach net zero by 2030, in order to provide the economic and energy security we need.
The last cost of living crisis was caused by our reliance on global gas prices, as  the hon.
Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie)  knows, and as he occasionally says in some meetings when he flips and flops on his position on net zero.
We will support manufacturing; we are developing our industrial strategy, which will be published in a few weeks’ time, and we are already providing more support to the energy-intensive industries through the energy supercharger than the previous Government did.
We will act where the previous Government failed to act.
I call the Chair of the Business and Trade Committee.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Stoke-on-Trent Central (Gareth Snell)  is an enormous champion of the ceramics industry, and he is right to bring this question to the House today, but this issue is wider than simply the ceramics sector.
Tata Steel has told our Committee that energy prices are the single biggest factor in its lack of competitiveness, and Nissan has told us that electricity prices at its plant in Sunderland are the highest of any Nissan plant in the world.
We have recommended that the Government bring energy prices in line with our European competitors; can the Minister tell us today that she shares that ambition?
I thank my right hon.
Friend the Committee Chair for his question.
Of course this is a huge issue.
Under the previous Government, industrial energy prices doubled, and as my right hon.
Friend says, we have higher prices than many other countries.
The 3,000 people who responded to our consultation on the industrial strategy said that energy, skills and access to finance were their top three issues, so we are absolutely aware of the issue.
We are looking at what support we can provide and how we can make our country more competitive, both for the people who are looking to invest in the UK and for our existing manufacturing base.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The Liberal Democrats believe that the future of British industry and our national security depend on a serious and sustained commitment to renewable energy.
We want to see far greater emphasis on clean energy sources, particularly solar, in order to reduce our dangerous reliance on fossil fuels, strengthen our energy security, and tackle fuel poverty by bringing down energy bills for households and businesses alike.
In the face of Putin’s barbaric war in Europe and with Donald Trump’s reckless tariffs threatening fresh economic turmoil, we cannot afford to be complacent.
The future of energy-intensive industries, not least our steel industry, hangs in the balance.
Steelmaking is not just an economic asset; it is of vital strategic importance to the UK.