In substantive terms, the hon.
Gentleman’s point is important: we should be looking to reduce unnecessary barriers to trade between the United Kingdom and our friends, neighbours and partners in the European Union.
However, on a political level, it is worth recognising that, had Scotland voted in 2014 to leave the United Kingdom, it would also have left the European Union.
There is a certain irony in being told that a politics of flags, borders and manufactured grievances are wrong in one context, when his party continues to argue for them in another.
According to reports in The Guardian, Government sources have said that issues around visas have been resolved as part of the Government’s free trade agreement negotiations with India.
Will the Secretary of State rule out visa liberalisation as part of those negotiations?
We should always be careful about what we read in some newspapers. [
Laughter.]
The hon.
Gentleman knows that we cannot give a running commentary on trade negotiations, but the UK-India talks have been fruitful this week.
I am optimistic and excited for the future of what is a key relationship bilaterally and for the signal it can send to the rest of the world.
(Urgent Question):  To ask the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero if he will make a statement on the Government’s approach to reducing energy prices for energy-intensive industries.
I relay my thoughts to the workers in my hon.
Friend’s constituency, for whom I know this is a worrying time.
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising the issue.
He is a tireless champion for workers and businesses in his constituency.
We have spoken and will continue to speak regularly about these issues and the importance of the ceramics industry in his area in particular.
This Government recognise the challenges high energy prices pose to UK businesses.
We know that the ceramics sector is particularly affected; my hon.
Friend has raised the issue in Parliament on other occasions.
The Government are working closely with Ceramics UK and local Stoke MPs to work out how we can support the sector.
For energy-intensive industries overall, our clean power 2030 target is the key to long-term sustainable price reductions.
Clean home-grown energy is the best way to protect bill payers and boost Britain’s energy independence.
We are already bringing energy costs for UK industries closer into line with other major economies through the British industry supercharger.
That will fully exempt eligible firms, including some but by no means all of those in the ceramics sector, from certain costs linked to renewable energy policies, particularly those exposed to the high cost of electricity.
Using more electricity and less fossil fuel is the future for UK businesses.
The latest advice from the Climate Change Committee expects electricity to meet 61% of industrial energy demand by 2040, so we are developing options to enable businesses to do that.
We are already taking action.
When my hon.
Friend raised this important issue in a Westminster Hall debate in March, I noted:
“We are working on how to remove undeveloped, speculative programmes from the grid connection queue and prioritise others.
”—[Official Report,  4 March 2025 ; Vol.
763, c. 109WH.]
Just last month, we announced pro-growth reforms to help unlock £40 million of mainly private investment a year in clean energy and infrastructure, so that so-called “zombie projects” will no longer hold up the queue for connection to the electricity grid.
We recognise that we need to support a range of energy-intensive industries, including industries such as ceramics, that are essential to our UK economy and our missions, for example to build the 1.5 million homes and the clean energy infrastructure products in which this Government are already investing.
Following years of economic chaos and instability under the previous Administration, this Government are implementing a modern industrial strategy that will drive growth and the creation of good high-quality jobs in communities across the UK.