Talking of experts in deindustrialisation, over 1,000 jobs at Luton’s Stellantis plant have been lost, impacting my constituents, because this Government did not respond to concerns about energy policy.
If the Minister does not agree with us on net zero, does she agree with the general secretary of the GMB, who says that the Government’s energy policies amount to
“exporting jobs and importing virtue”?
I have met and talked with those from Stellantis many times, and while the closure of the site at Luton was of course very difficult, I know that the reasons were global and complex; it is simply not the case that it was because of energy policy.
Stellantis faced a whole range of issues globally, and it had to respond in the way it did.
We regret that, and we offered support, but we could not get to a point where we could persuade it to stay.
We are working with the MPs and the local council to ensure that what comes afterwards provides good, decent jobs, but the hon.
Member is just wrong to say that that was the only reason.
The Minister has told the House that the Government would not impose any new costs on the ceramics industry, but we know that they are going to increase carbon taxes, which will kill off energy-intensive industries.
Does she not see that this is a totally incoherent policy position?
There was no coherence under the previous Government, and there will be coherence under this Government.
We are developing our plan of support for our foundational industries in the industrial strategy.
I know that the Opposition are very keen to see what the industrial strategy will contain.
They will have to wait a few weeks for its publication, but all will be revealed in due course.
I thank the Minister very much for her answers.
Manufacturing currently represents less than 10% of the UK economy, but in Northern Ireland it represents 16% of the economy and about one in four families in Northern Ireland are dependent on manufacturing.
It is clear that, as energy prices rise, so do the concerns for such industries.
How can the Government and the Minister offer support to those industries to retain their viability while the Government are finding an energy solution?
The hon.
Member is right to raise this issue, and the figure for manufacturing in Northern Ireland of 15% or 16% is high.
Yesterday, I was with trade unionists from Shorts Brothers—Spirit AeroSystems —to talk about the importance of manufacturing there and the importance of retaining those jobs.
They made the point that these good jobs have helped not just with  people’s lives, but with the sectarian divides.
Bringing people out of poverty and giving them good, well-paid jobs is an incredibly important part of the history of Northern Ireland and of what we need to preserve there.
I will continue to work with him to make sure we protect that manufacturing base.
We of course had huge support in the Budget, with the £2 billion for the automotive sector and the £1 billion for the aerospace sector to support exactly that manufacturing industry.
I call the stand-in shadow Leader of the House—one Paul Holmes.
May I please ask the Leader of the House to outline the forthcoming business?
I shall, and that was beautifully delivered.
The business of the House for the week commencing  5 May  will include:
Tuesday 6 May —General debate on the 80th anniversary of victory in Europe and victory over Japan.
Wednesday 7 May —Remaining stages of the Data (Use and Access) Bill [Lords].
Thursday 8 May —General debate on St George’s day and English affairs, followed by a debate on a motion on the research and treatment of brain tumours.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 9 May —The House will not be sitting.