I draw the attention of the House to my declaration of interests.
People who come to this country legally and work hard are welcome, but the Minister is right to say that those who do not are not.
We know that one of the big pull factors is the ability to work illegally in the UK.
Can the Minister set out what the Government are doing to stamp out illegal working, and in particular the role of the new fair work agency introduced by the Employment Rights Bill, which will be critical in stopping illegal working in the UK?
My hon.
Friend will know that the Immigration Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wallasey (Dame Angela Eagle) , who I believe gave evidence to the esteemed Home Affairs Committee on which he sits, is looking at that issue.
A number of companies have been reported in the press as employing or using people in particular from asylum hotels—I know the shadow Home Secretary has taken a particular interest in this—and the Minister is working very hard to ensure that those companies are held to account, and that the new provisions we are bringing in to ensure that the gig economy is treated in the same way as other employers, who have to check individuals’ immigration status, are followed through.
There is much more to do, but certainly I know the Immigration Minister is working hard on this.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The scenes of violent unrest at the Bell hotel this weekend are deeply concerning.
Liberal Democrats will always defend the right to peaceful protest, but what we saw went far beyond that.
There is no place for that sort of violence and thuggery in our society.
I thank the police and the emergency services for their brave and professional response, and my thoughts go out to anyone who is feeling frightened as a result of those unacceptable scenes.
It is completely understandable that people are concerned about criminal activity, not least after the former Conservative Government’s chaotic approach to immigration shattered public trust.
That is why we need an efficient asylum system that swiftly returns those without a genuine right to stay.
I would welcome details from the Minister on what steps the Government are taking to deliver that.
Clear rules that are properly enforced will be key to rebuilding public trust in the system after it was broken by the Conservatives.
I welcome the tone of the hon.
Lady’s contribution.
This is a serious issue; I fully agree with her on peaceful protest, but it is totally unacceptable when that steps over into violent disorder, as we saw last summer, for example.
She will know that there is a huge effort going in to deal with the backlog we inherited from the previous Government—to speed up the process so that those people who should not be in our country are swiftly removed, and those refugees and asylum seekers whose claims are accepted can get on with the rest of their lives.
I welcome the surge in returns that we have seen and the raids on companies with illegal working practices.
As we have spoken about many times in this House, those companies are incentivising the boat crossings and ultimately undermining our national security.
Can the Minister set out what further enforcement there can be?
Is it possible that conversations could be had with the Treasury about further measures that could be taken to bring some of these companies to heel?
I am the Policing Minister, but I know that work is already under way on that issue.
The Immigration Minister has had a number of conversations, particularly with employers, as I have just said, about where work should not be taking place  because of individuals’ immigration status.