That tells us everything we need to know about their priorities.
The headteacher of the Thomas Hardye school in West Dorset previously worked in a London school.
He told me that in London he received nearly £10,000 per pupil, but in West Dorset nearly £5,000—yet the challenges of rural education are no less complex, not least in the recruitment of teachers.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to address the funding inequalities facing rural schools, to ensure that all pupils receive the teaching they deserve?
We continue to keep all these areas under review; if the hon.
Gentleman would like to write to me with more information, I would be happy to respond with more detail.
However, I am clear that this Government are investing more in education.
We are turning around the year-on-year declines in teacher numbers with better pay, more support on workload and more money for our schools, including tackling child poverty.
That is the difference that a Labour Government are making for our country.
The Government have tried to have it every which way on these elusive 6,500 extra teachers.
If the Labour manifesto had meant that only secondary teachers counted, but they could be in any subject, presumably that is what it would have said.
What it actually said was 6,500 new specialist teachers in key subjects, so will the Secretary of State enlighten us: what are those subjects?
I would be very happy to do so.
As the right hon.
Gentleman just heard, we are seeing big increases in initial teacher training acceptances in many of those key subjects such as maths and science.
On the commitment we have made, we had 60,000 fewer children in primary over the course of the last year and, as a former holder of this office, he would rightly expect that we target our efforts in areas of greatest need.
Sadly, we are seeing a big decline in the number of children in primary, with the numbers forecast to fall by another 165,000 over the next few years, so we are focusing our efforts where they are needed.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Secretary of State just said that the Government were turning around declines in teacher numbers.
Under the last Government the number of teachers went up by 27,000; under this Government it is down by 400.
That is the opposite of the truth.
One thing that drives people out of teaching is poor discipline, yet the Government have abolished behaviour hubs, despite the evidence that they were working.
The Government said they would put in place new behaviour ambassadors, who were supposed to be in place on  4 July , but the contract has now lapsed and the position is vacant.
Why the delay on this vital issue?
That was very shouty from the shadow Minister, and as per usual very negative about what we are seeing across education.
We are turning around the problems that the Conservatives left behind on teacher recruitment and retention.
We are increasing attendance in our schools and improving behaviour—a challenge that I completely agree schools need support to deal with—putting more money back into parents’ pockets and tackling child poverty.
The Conservatives have only one policy, and that is to give a tax break to private schools.
What steps she is taking to improve mental health support in schools.
This Government are committed to improving mental health support for all children and young people.
That is why we are providing access to specialist mental health professionals in every school by expanding mental health support teams so that every child and young person has access to early support to address problems before they escalate.
I thank the Minister for his reply and for last week’s publication of the new relationships, sex and health education—RSHE—curriculum guidance.
I was pleased to see that secondary schools are now being asked to talk about suicide prevention in an age-appropriate way.