The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right: the construction sector is fundamental to the UK economy.
That is why the Government’s industrial strategy includes a construction sector deal.
We have committed £625 million to supporting construction skills training, and that funding includes capital investment through  the establishment of technical excellence colleges and the creation of an employer match funding pot worth £80 million.
What steps she is taking to increase the number of children meeting the early learning goals.
What steps her Department is taking to ensure more children receive support during their early years.
Our landmark strategy on giving every child the best start in life sets out plans to deliver Best Start family hubs to make access to early education easier and more affordable, and to improve quality in settings and reception classes.
The strategy is backed by £1.5 billion over the next three years, and Government spending on the funded hours will reach £9 billion next year and will continue to rise over the Parliament.
I thank the Minister for joining me at Curwen primary school in Plaistow recently to see its excellent early years education work.
He heard from parents about the struggles they often face as a result of serious economic and housing hardship.
Will he assure my constituents that the Government will look at communities like mine, where housing and poverty create serious challenges for families, to ensure that all children, no matter their circumstances, get the best possible educational start in life?
I thank my hon.
Friend for our excellent visit to Curwen primary school last week, where I saw excellent work on supporting children’s speech and language to deliver for some of our most vulnerable children and families.
Our spending review commitments are a downpayment on the child poverty strategy to build on expanding free breakfast clubs and free school meals, boost the national minimum wage and cap universal credit deductions through the fair repayment rate.
Sure Start, which was created by the previous Labour Government, boosted attainment, improved health outcomes and increased long-term earnings.
However, under the Conservatives, more than 30 children’s centres in Derbyshire were closed, and Derbyshire now does not have a single family hub.
What action will the Government take to ensure that more young children in Derbyshire can once again access support during their early years?
It was a pleasure to visit my hon.
Friend’s constituency recently, too.
He is a real champion for children and young people.
We will fund Best Start family hubs in every local authority, including in Derbyshire.
We estimate that the expansion could reach half a million children across the country.
Best Start family hubs will be open to all and based in disadvantaged communities, where they are needed most.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
May I join Ministers in thanking our school and college staff up and down the country for their dedication?
I wish them happy and restorative summer holidays.
Children with special educational needs who started reception last year were over a year behind their peers, according to the Education Policy Institute.
Staggeringly, those with an education, health and care plan were already over 20 months behind—the widest gap that the EPI has recorded since it started monitoring in 2013.
Given the importance of the early years in narrowing the gap, it is crucial that we give every child the help that they need as soon as possible.
Will the Minister confirm how much of the £760 million for SEND transformation announced in the spending review will go towards early identification and intervention?
The Government are committed to ensuring excellence for everyone so that children have the support, skills and opportunities that they need, and that starts in early years.
We are actively working with parents and experts on solutions, including more early intervention to prevent needs from escalating.