Does the Minister have plans to review the formula as part of the impactful wider work to ensure that every child receives the education they need to thrive, no matter where they live?
We recognise that schools are working incredibly hard to deliver in their communities.
There is a whole range of factors that impact school funding, including their rural or urban nature and pupil numbers; we have discussed declining rolls.
We will continue to keep the school funding formula under review.
That does take time and it has to be done very carefully to ensure certainty for schools about their funding planning.
Last year, 565 EHCPs were issued in Cambridgeshire, with fewer than 10% completed within the statutory 20-week deadline.
Cambridgeshire county council now ranks as the 10th worst nationally for meeting the timelines on their delivery.
With 99% of SEND tribunals finding in favour of the parent, what steps is the Secretary of State taking to improve the process that sees so many applications require a tribunal, and to improve the delivery of EHCPs in Cambridgeshire, assuming they are not going to be scrapped in mainstream schools?
Until that final point, I thought the hon.
Gentleman raised some serious concerns, which we have heard this afternoon from many colleagues across the House who need us to bring forward reform to deliver better outcomes for children with SEND.
If the Conservative party wants to work with us to do this in a way that delivers a better system for children with SEND, I would be very happy to do so, but at the moment all we seem to get is opposition for opposition’s sake.
Victoria college in my constituency is one of the relatively small number of SEND specialist further education colleges in the country.
It does outstanding work.
For many years, such colleges have not had access to dedicated capital grant funding.
Will the Minister be so good as to look into the issue and agree to meet me to discuss it further?
Ensuring that schools and colleges have the resources and buildings they need is a key part of our mission to break down barriers to opportunity.
I will be very happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss these issues further.
Sadly, both universities in my constituency, De Montfort University and Leicester University, are on the verge of making hundreds of redundancies and even shutting down complete faculties.
What financial commitment is the Department  making to secure academic jobs, especially in subjects such as chemistry, humanities and languages, rather than making short-term cuts?
The hon.
Gentleman will appreciate that universities are independent institutions that are able to make their own decisions around financial management.
As a Government, we have sought to stabilise the higher education sector.
That is why we took the difficult but necessary decision to increase tuition fees.
Later this year, we will be publishing a post-16 strategy that will deal with many of his questions.
Last week, I heard from a mum who applied for an EHCP for her son in December and was told it would be ready in June.
She has now been informed by Buckinghamshire council that he remains unallocated, with 789 children ahead of him.
I am very grateful to the Secretary of State for the work she is doing to grip and reform the SEND system, but can she talk more about her ambitions to support people caught in the horrible waiting game for EHCPs?
We have heard this afternoon from my hon.
Friend and so many Members across the House about the urgent need to make improvements for children with SEND.
We are laying the foundations with more investment in the system, through both the high needs budget and capital, so we have the places that are needed.
There is, of course, much we are doing right now with councils to improve some of the unacceptable waits that parents currently face.