In my role as Chair of the Defence Committee, I am regularly reminded of the vital role that our current brave servicemen and women play in keeping our country safe, and I would like to recognise their contributions, too.
However, recognition must be more than symbolic; it must be matched by action and support.
So, in conclusion, let us remember, let us reflect, but above all, let us ensure that the sacrifices of the past are never in vain and that the peace they secured is never taken for granted.
I have to notify the House that, in accordance with the Royal Assent Act 1967, the King has signified his Royal Assent to the following Acts:
Supply and Appropriation (Main Estimates) Act 2025
Product Regulation and Metrology Act 2025
Football Governance Act 2025
Norwich Livestock Market Act 2025.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What assessment she has made of the potential merits of introducing alternative methods of primary school assessment.
Mr Speaker, may I take this opportunity to thank all those who work in our schools and wish them a well-earned break over the summer holidays?
High and rising school standards are a non-negotiable for this Labour Government as we seek to build a school system that enables every child to achieve and thrive.
Our independent expert-led curriculum and assessment review has found that the current system for primary assessments is broadly working well.
However, we will take on board any recommendations from the review panel when it reports in the autumn.
A recent survey by Young Minds found that over a third of year 6 pupils felt ill due to standard assessment tests, and over a quarter said they made them feel bad about themselves.
Ninety-six per cent of headteachers say that SATs harm wellbeing, and 95% doubt their accuracy.
Our children and teachers are telling us that SATs are broken.
Will the Department consider a more holistic assessment approach that ensures the wellbeing of our children at such a young age?
It is our ambition that all children get the chance not just to achieve at school but to thrive.
SATs are carefully developed to ensure that they are  accessible.
It is clear that schools should not over-prepare children for the assessments at the expense of their wellbeing.
It is so well known how damaging formal assessment can be for some children; their wellbeing should be at the forefront of our minds.
I know that from primary school teachers in my Bath constituency.
Is it not time that we completely scrapped SATs?
National curriculum tests and assessments are crucial to support schools in building strong foundations for children regardless of background and prior attainment.
We will continue to keep the matter under review.
Of course, children should not be made to feel stressed; they should be supported to achieve and thrive in any assessment at school.
What steps she is taking to recruit teachers.
What steps she is taking to recruit new teachers.
What steps she is taking to recruit new teachers.
With the summer holidays just around the corner, I want to say a huge thank you to everyone working across education for all their hard work this year.
Improving the quality of teaching is the best way to drive up school standards, supporting every child to achieve and thrive.
Through our plan for change, we will recruit an additional 6,500 expert teachers in our schools and colleges.
With an almost 10% pay award, we are making good progress, with over 2,000 more teachers in our secondary and special schools.
I congratulate the Secretary of State on the Department for Education being more than a third of the way through recruiting those 6,500 teachers.
A recent Public Accounts Committee report showed that schools with a high proportion of disadvantaged pupils experienced the worst teacher shortages.