Let me just say that this Government are extremely concerned with education not being broken for care leavers and ensuring that we support them in every which way we can.
What steps she is taking to support children with SEND who do not have an education, health and care plan.
What steps she is taking to improve support for children with SEND.
We are engaging extensively with families and experts as we seek to improve support for children with special educational needs and disabilities.
We have invested £1 billion into high-needs budgets and £740 million into creating more specialist places.
We are rolling out schemes, from the partnerships for inclusion of neurodiversity in schools—the PINS programme—to Inclusion 2028, which are laying the groundwork for long-term reform.
We are building a system in which every child can achieve and thrive.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
On Friday, I had the opportunity to visit the outstanding Springfield primary school in my constituency.
It has 500 pupils, 30 of whom have education, health and care plans, with six applications in currently.
Can the Minister reassure the parents of those six children and the many, many parents across the country that, while this review into EHCPs is going on, local education authorities will not slow-roll existing applications or fail them as a default in order for them to go to tribunal and try to beat the clock?
We have yet to decide on the future of education, health and care plans, but we are extremely focused on strengthening the support system so that every child can receive timely, high-quality help.
We will set out further details about our approach to special educational needs in this autumn’s White Paper.
In the meantime, obviously, children should be getting the support they need, and we are putting in the groundwork so that more children can have that.
We know that early intervention is most effective for children with SEN, but too many children in my constituency of Morecambe and Lunesdale have been let down in that respect.
However, Lancashire is, for the first time, receiving funding for Best Start hubs.
Can the Minister tell me how that will improve early support for those children?
As I said, we are already investing in supporting children and their families, including through Best Start family hubs, as my hon.
Friend mentioned.
We want to ensure that all children have access to a family service professional who is trained to support inclusion, can identify where children have additional needs ahead of starting school, and can support parents to navigate services.
If she will provide a timeline for the completion of construction works at the Magna Carta school in Egham.
Ensuring that schools and colleges have the resources and buildings they need is a key part of our mission to break down the barriers to opportunity and give every child the best start in life.
For this project, I can confirm that the Department is in the process of finalising the feasibility study, and we expect to procure the works later this year.
Until that process is complete, we will be unable to advise on the length of the construction programme.
However, positive progress continues to be made in collaboration with the trust.
I thank the Minister for his answer.
Can he clarify whether the Magna Carta school will have a full rebuild, due to the presence of reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete, or is it just the science and arts block that will be rebuilt?
Will he meet me to discuss this issue and the work that will take place on such a fantastic local school?
I am very happy to meet the hon.
Member.
If she will make an assessment of the potential impact of virtual teachers on school children.
This Government are committed to ensuring that every child can access the tools they need in order to achieve and thrive.