However, I am also aware that literature was being distributed and that other groups were perhaps going to Epping to stir up problems.
The police are aware of that, and they are  looking at all the information and evidence about what happened, and they will obviously keep that under review.
Two weeks ago in Epping, there were three alleged sexual assaults on school-age girls; my thoughts are with the victims, their families and their peers.
These were allegedly linked to the Bell hotel, which has been stood up as an asylum hotel against all advice.
Since then, we have had numerous major protests involving hundreds of people, injuries to police officers and damage to police vehicles.
People quite rightly have the right to peaceful protest, but these violent scenes are not us.
They are not Epping and they are not what we stand for.
I want to thank Essex police for all that they are doing to keep us safe in these challenging and distressing times for our town.
Following the protests, we have churches cancelling services, businesses closing early and local residents feeling like they are barricaded in their own homes.
The hotel is in the wrong place: it is near a school and there is inadequate safeguarding of the hotel’s vulnerable residents.
This is a crisis that is boiling over, and for the sake of community safety the Home Secretary and the Government must get a grip of the situation.
They must listen and act now to close this hotel immediately.
Will they now do that?
The hon.
Gentleman’s comments on behalf of his constituents were measured, and he is absolutely right that our first thoughts should be with those affected by what happened in Epping—the victims and their families.
It is important for the House to note that.
I also want to reiterate that this Government are committed to closing all asylum hotels by the end of this Parliament.
I welcome the shadow Home Secretary’s concern about crimes linked to the asylum system—that is a concern held across the House.
Why does the Minister think the Conservatives and Reform voted against the Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill, which allows the tagging of asylum seekers who pose a threat to public safety?
I have absolutely no idea; it is for the shadow Home Secretary to explain that one.
Clearly, I would expect all hon.
and right hon.
Members in the House to want to do everything to keep our communities safe.
I look forward to the swift deportation of anybody who takes advantage of our hospitality by breaking our laws and attacking women and young girls.
In July 2024, I warned my constituents not to throw away their futures, as the far-right lynch mobs threatened to spread to Gloucestershire.
Once again this thuggery has flared up, this time in Epping.
What actions are the Government taking to support authorities in the prosecution of those who whip up this furore, both online and in positions of influence?
The hon.
Gentleman may know that a great deal of work has been undertaken since the disorder of last summer to ensure that intelligence is gathered from the online space, as well as the offline  space, and that all the authorities are prepared and ready if there is any sign of disorder again.
Just to reiterate, all of us in this House would recognise that peaceful protest is an important part of a democratic society, but not when it crosses over into the disorder and mayhem we saw last year when criminal acts were perpetrated by individuals.
I agree that it is important that we are able to debate immigration and asylum.
People across the country know the consequences of the asylum system failing to protect the public, communities and businesses—we have had experience of that in my own city.