Friend and so many Members across the House about the urgent need to make improvements for children with SEND.
We are laying the foundations with more investment in the system, through both the high needs budget and capital, so we have the places that are needed.
There is, of course, much we are doing right now with councils to improve some of the unacceptable waits that parents currently face.
The superb John Hampden school in Wendover reports that it is running a £109,000 deficit supporting students with significant SEND while they await assessments.
However, it is an infant-only school, and the money often does not come through until the pupils have moved up to a junior school.
Will the Minister look at how the system is working for infant-only schools, to make the system fairer?
As we have said, we are looking at reforms to the system; we recognise that there are challenges right across the system that we inherited.
We know that families face challenges in securing support and that schools face challenges, too.
We will look at every detail and announce reforms in the White Paper in the autumn.
I recently hosted a series of engagements and roundtables on the SEN reforms, and it is impossible to ignore the sheer size of the problems this Government are confronting.
Will the Secretary of State confirm that the legal right to specialist support will remain a core principle of every child’s entitlement as Labour rebuilds this broken system and that we will go further, delivering real outcomes, genuine inclusion and an SEN system built to serve families, not fail them?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for the work he has done in this area over many years and for the way he champions this cause here on behalf of his constituents.
I can confirm that children with SEND have a legal right to additional support and that  Labour will protect that.
He will appreciate that discussions are under way with families, campaigners and school leaders to ensure that we get this system right—a better system with strengthened support and more timely  intervention and early identification of need.
It is clear this afternoon that that mission is urgent, and that we need to deliver better outcomes for children with SEND.
I look forward to working with my hon.
Friend on that.
Before I call the shadow Home Secretary to ask this urgent question, I remind the House that hon.
Members must not refer to any matters that are currently before the courts.
Members are free to refer to broader policy issues, but they should not get into the details of the specific cases for which criminal charges are being brought.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Home Secretary to make a statement on criminal activity by illegal immigrants at asylum hotels.
As the House will be aware, on  Tuesday 8 July  an arrest was made by Essex police following incidents that took place in Epping earlier that day, and a man was subsequently charged.
His trial is due to start on  26 August , and he has been remanded in custody until that time.
These are very serious allegations and it is vital that criminal justice procedures are able to run their course—Superintendent Tim Tubbs of Essex police has said that
“the last thing we want is for any public discussion to hinder an ongoing prosecution.”
I thank Essex police both for its swift response on that case and for handling the protests in Essex yesterday evening and in previous days with diligence and professionalism.
Criminal activity of any kind is totally unacceptable, wherever it occurs and whoever it is perpetrated by.
As outlined following the recent Casey report, we are improving joint protection arrangements between the police and immigration enforcement linked to the asylum system.
We are clear that where crimes are committed, every effort must be made to catch, prosecute and punish those responsible.