We expect all schools to take steps in line with that guidance to ensure that mobile phones do not disrupt pupils’ learning.
If pupils fail to follow those rules, schools should have the power to confiscate devices.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
In the other place, Baroness Smith of Malvern, a Minister in the Department for Education, said:
“There is no clear scientific consensus on a negative impact from screen time and social media use on the mental health and neurological or functional development of children and young people.
”—[Official Report, House of Lords,  23 June 2025 ; Vol.
847, c. 55.]
I fundamentally disagree.
There is overwhelming and extensive evidence of the harm caused, so I want to know the Government’s position.
Does the Minister agree with his ministerial colleague or with me on this issue?
Last year, the right hon.
Lady’s Government claimed that action on mobile phones was prohibiting their use in schools and that guidance meant
“a consistent approach across all schools.”
Those are their words.
In backing the Tory Government’s measures, was she wrong then, or is she wrong now?
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of funding for sixth-form colleges.
I take this opportunity to thank all post-16 providers and staff for their tireless work over the last academic year and wish them a restful summer break.
Following the autumn Budget, this Government made available more than £400 million extra planned spending on 16-to-19 education in the financial year 2025-26.
Since then, an additional £190 million for 2025-26 has been made available to respond to 16-to-19 demographic growth and other pressures on the system, creating opportunities for young people to succeed.
I draw the attention of the House to my entries in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests: I am a governor of the City of Stoke-on-Trent sixth-form college and the chair of the all-party parliamentary group on sixth form education.
I thank the Minister for her answer; the additional capital available for post-16 providers is very welcome.
The City of Stoke-on-Trent sixth-form college is seeing a huge increase in interest around science, healthcare science and computer science —subjects that are mission-critical to the delivery of the Government’s ambitious programme.
When will the capital be available so that my sixth form and others around the country can build high-quality learning environments for young learners?
I thank my hon.
Friend for mentioning his fantastic City of Stoke-on-Trent sixth-form college.
I reassure him and other Members that this Government are committed to ensuring that there is a place in education or training for every 16 to 18-year-old who wants one.
Details of the £375 million of capital investment to accommodate additional learners entering the system will be announced in due course.
A report presented to the APPG for care-experienced children and young people revealed that more than 4,000 young people in care either moved placements or left care during their A-level exam period.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that schools and colleges are properly equipped to support care-experienced students facing such instability at a crucial point in their education?
I thank the hon.
Member for her thought-provoking question.
She really advocates for care leavers and for ensuring that they have the durability they need  at school to ensure they have a seamless experience.
I reassure her that care leavers who start an apprenticeship are entitled to £3,000 bursaries, and local authorities must provide a £2,000 bursary for care leavers who go on to university.
Let me just say that this Government are extremely concerned with education not being broken for care leavers and ensuring that we support them in every which way we can.
What steps she is taking to support children with SEND who do not have an education, health and care plan.
What steps she is taking to improve support for children with SEND.