Criminal activity of any kind is totally unacceptable, wherever it occurs and whoever it is perpetrated by.
As outlined following the recent Casey report, we are improving joint protection arrangements between the police and immigration enforcement linked to the asylum system.
We are clear that where crimes are committed, every effort must be made to catch, prosecute and punish those responsible.
Let there be absolutely no doubt: foreign nationals, including asylum seekers, who abuse our hospitality by breaking our laws should expect to be removed from this country.
In the first year of this Government, 5,179 foreign national criminals were removed from the UK—a 14% increase on the previous year.
That is important progress, but we want to go further.
Through the Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill, we are changing the law to ensure that individuals convicted of any registered sexual offence are not granted asylum, and we are legislating to allow for the tagging of any migrant considered to pose a threat to public safety or national security, as well as strengthening our crackdown on illegal working.
But we must go further to end hotel use.
This Labour Government inherited an asylum system in chaos, with 400 hotels in use at the peak in 2023 at a cost of almost £9 million a day.
We are changing that, clearing the asylum backlog and increasing returns to end the use of asylum hotels all together by the end of this Parliament.
Alongside those actions, we are mounting a comprehensive and wide-ranging effort to tackle small boat crossings, including the intensified co-operation and pilot returns scheme with France outlined by the Home Secretary in her statement last week.
There is no quick fix for the chronic problems this Government inherited, but, for the first time in years, there is now a serious and sensible plan to restore order and proper management to the asylum and immigration system.
Let me state plainly to the House that we expect rules to be respected and enforced, and we expect the law to be followed.
When it is not, we expect those involved to face the full force of the law.
We are taking every possible step to deliver the strong border security that the country needs, because nothing matters more than the safety of the British people.
The Policing Minister was crowing about the Government’s action on small boats, but the truth is this: so far this year, the Government have allowed in 23,000 illegal immigrants across the channel—that is 52% up on last year; this year has been by far the worst ever; and numbers in asylum hotels are now higher than at the time of the election.
This is a border security crisis, but it is also a public safety crisis, especially for women and girls.
Many nationalities crossing—for example, Afghans—commit up to 20 times more sex offences than average; Louise Casey made that point in her report.
Now we have press reporting on the huge scale of the crime committed by illegal immigrants housed in the Government’s own asylum hotels.
The Sun found 339 charges in the last six months based on only half the hotels currently operated.
The Mail on Sunday found 708 charges based on only a third of those hotels.
Those crimes included multiple cases of rape, sexual assault, violence, theft and arson, including the case that the Minister referred to in Epping, where a 38-year-old Ethiopian man has been charged with sexually assaulting a 14-year-old girl.
An illegal immigrant in Oxford has been convicted of raping a 20-year-old woman in a churchyard.
A Sudanese man was convicted of strangling and attempting to rape a woman in a nightclub toilet in Wakefield.
Violent protest in response to those appalling crimes is never justified.
The public, though, are rightly sick of this illegal immigrant crime wave.
It has to end.
Will the Minister commit now to doing the following things?