The public, though, are rightly sick of this illegal immigrant crime wave.
It has to end.
Will the Minister commit now to doing the following things?
First, will she record and publish the immigration status of all offenders?
Secondly, will she close that asylum hotel in Epping?
Thirdly, will she repeal the Human Rights Act for immigration matters?
Finally, will she emulate Greece’s new approach, which started today, and deport all illegal immigrants on arrival from France without judicial process either back to their country of origin or to a safe third country?
Will she give the House and the country those commitments?
Let me repeat to the House that any allegation of crime or sexual assault—including by individuals in the asylum system—is incredibly serious and is to be treated so by the authorities and by the Government.
I regret the tone that the shadow Home Secretary is taking on such a serious and important matter.
I also gently remind him to look at his record and that of the Conservative party on this issue.
More than 400 asylum hotels were in operation at their peak, housing over 50,000 people at a cost of almost £9 million a day.
Enforced returns were down 50% on 2010.
Returns of foreign national offenders had fallen by a thousand.
Criminal smuggler gangs were able to exploit our weak border security—
It is the worst year ever.
There was no proper management of public safety risks posed by individual asylum seekers. [
Interruption.]
Order.
Do we both understand?
indicated assent.
Okay.
Carry on, Minister.
There was no proper management of public safety risks posed by individual asylum seekers, and migrants could work illegally in the gig economy with few sanctions for the companies responsible.
This Government are gripping the situation and turning the system around.
We have removed 5,179 foreign national offenders in our first year in office.
Just to put that in perspective for the benefit of the House, that is more foreign criminals than were removed in the entire 20 months when the right hon.
Gentleman was the Minister for Immigration.
We had covid!
Excuse, excuse, excuse.
I would say that the same pattern is true of illegal working—but actually it is even worse.
In the first quarter of this year, we delivered more raids, more arrests and more fines for illegal working than the shadow Home Secretary managed in the entire time he was Immigration Minister.
We did more in three months to crack down on illegal working than he managed in 20.
Now—
That’s nonsense!
It is not nonsense; it is facts.
Now we are trying to go further in all these areas, but it is clear that the Conservatives and their friends in Reform are the ones trying to stop us.
We introduced counter-terror measures at the border to smash the gangs responsible for the vile trade; they voted against the Bill that delivers that.
We introduced measures to ban sex offenders from getting asylum in the UK; they voted against the Bill that delivers them.
We introduced tagging for those arriving illegally who pose a risk to the public, and extended illegal working duties to cover the gig economy; once again, they voted against it.
We have seen 14 years of inaction, leaving our borders exposed and our communities fractured—yet the shadow Home Secretary has the cheek to lecture us about keeping the country safe.
I draw the attention of the House to my declaration of interests.
People who come to this country legally and work hard are welcome, but the Minister is right to say that those who do not are not.
We know that one of the big pull factors is the ability to work illegally in the UK.