Member.
If she will make an assessment of the potential impact of virtual teachers on school children.
This Government are committed to ensuring that every child can access the tools they need in order to achieve and thrive.
We inherited a challenging workforce picture from the previous Government, which is why we are committed to recruiting an additional 6,500 teachers.
We are backing teachers and restoring teaching to being a highly valued profession.
There is no doubt that technology has a key role to play in driving high and rising standards at school.
However, the most important factor for high-quality education is having an expert teacher at the front of the classroom.
In Rossendale, the academy trust that runs our “stuck” school, Valley leadership academy, recently announced plans to introduce a virtual teacher for top-set maths.
This approach has understandably raised a lot of concerns, and I have been working with the trust to make sure it is designed in the pupils’ best interests.
I have been assured that this will be a temporary measure, that a qualified maths teacher will be in the room to provide additional support, and that an appropriate range of adjustments will be made for SEND pupils.
However, I remain concerned that, without safeguards, virtual teachers may become a default cost-saving measure to address recruitment challenges.
Will the Minister share her view on how we can ensure that such an approach is always designed in pupils’ best interests—
Order.
Come on, Andy.
I call the Minister.
Technology has the potential to enhance time efficiency for teachers, reduce workload and improve student engagement and attainment, but it cannot replace the valuable relationship between teachers and pupils.
We know that high-quality teaching has the biggest impact on a child’s educational outcomes.
School leaders rightly have the autonomy to make decisions about staff deployment, and they are best placed to make decisions about the needs of their pupils.
What steps she is taking to increase security in schools against bomb threats.
Safeguarding children in schools is a priority for this Government, and schools have a critical role to play in protecting children and keeping them safe.
Departmental guidance is clear that schools and colleges should have a policy and an emergency plan in place to manage and respond to security-related incidents.
I thank the Minister for his response, and for our recent meeting.
Given that we have had two fake bomb threats in Swindon, which have obviously had a negative impact on my schools, will he assess the current guidance so that we can learn lessons from what has happened in Swindon and improve that guidance for the future?
I thank my hon.
Friend for our meeting last week.
As I explained to him then, the Department for Education publishes the protective security and preparedness guidance, which sets out how schools should respond to bomb threats and how to embed a security culture.
Action Counters Terrorism for Education e-learning, which includes information on what to do in the event of a bomb threat, is also available to all school staff.
What steps she is taking to help rebuild schools.
This Government have made a long-term commitment to improve the condition of schools and colleges.
We are investing almost £20 billion in the school rebuilding programme through to 2035, delivering rebuilding projects at over 500 schools across England, including eight schools in Scarborough and Whitby.
A further 250 schools will be selected within the next two years.
By 2035, we will also be investing almost £3 billion per year in capital maintenance for schools and colleges, and that figure will rise to £2.4 billion this year.
Springhead sixth form in Scarborough has been rated outstanding for the education and care it provides for students with complex special educational needs and disabilities.
The staff are amazing, but the sixth form is housed in an old and unsuitable building.