Is there any interest from the Department for Education down here?
If the hon.
Gentleman would write to me, I will look into that further.
Meaningful work experience can be a life changer for our young children, cutting the risk of their being out of education, employment or training.
The Derby Promise  is hard at work linking schools with employers to raise the aspirations of our young people.
Does the Minister agree with me, and does she recognise the valuable work that the Derby Promise delivers in opening doors for young people?
I do indeed agree with my hon.
Friend, and I applaud him for the work he did on the Derby Promise before he entered this place and for all he has done for children in Derby South since.
I am delighted that employers such as Rolls-Royce have signed up to the Derby Promise to bring industry closer to young people and to inspire their future careers.
Essex has seen a huge increase in the number of requests for education, health and care needs assessments, and is failing to meet the target, in part due to the difficulty of recruiting educational psychologists.
Rather than trying to bury the problem by scrapping education, health and care plans, can the Minister say what the Government are doing to meet that need?
The right hon.
Gentleman is pre-empting decisions before they have been made.
We have not made decisions about the future of EHCPs.
We are listening carefully and working with the sector to make sure we have the workforce in the system and the support systems to identify needs early.
We will continue to do that, and we will work with families to design a system that works, rather than the one we inherited.
York is seeking to advance new models of support for children with SEND that are inclusive and provide opportunity, including greater curriculum flexibility to deliver a broader education in small groups and a life skills curriculum so children are equipped to navigate the world around them safely.
Would the Minister support City of York council to deliver such measures?
The hon.
Lady will know that a curriculum and assessment review is currently being undertaken by an independent panel.
We are keen that the curriculum is broad and rich, but also inclusive.
We will be responding when the panel reports with its recommendations in the autumn.
When the Secretary of State talks of such a large reduction in the number of anticipated future primary school pupils, does she attribute any part of that to a wish by certain communities to develop a parallel education system, rather than engaging in full integration with this country?
I am not quite clear what the right hon.
Gentleman is driving at with that question.
What I have said in response to the very sharp decline in the birth rate is that as a Government we want to make sure that people are able to make choices that are right for them, including around family size.
My concern is that too many young people, because of the inaccessibility of housing and the challenges they face in the jobs market, are making decisions they do not necessarily  want to make.
That is why the expansion of childcare, for example, is a critical part of how we are supporting families.
Those working in our schools in South Gloucestershire do a brilliant job, but they receive the lowest funding per pupil in all of England via a funding formula inherited from the previous Government.
Does the Minister have plans to review the formula as part of the impactful wider work to ensure that every child receives the education they need to thrive, no matter where they live?
We recognise that schools are working incredibly hard to deliver in their communities.
There is a whole range of factors that impact school funding, including their rural or urban nature and pupil numbers; we have discussed declining rolls.