I completely support the Secretary of State’s opening words, and my thoughts and prayers are with all those affected by the devastating incident.
Government documents state that the first step in achieving their primary school readiness mission is meeting their target of recruiting 6,500 teachers.
The Secretary of State claimed at the last oral questions that she has always been clear that the 6,500 teachers are in secondary schools.
If that is true, can she explain how secondary school teacher recruitment contributes to improving primary school readiness for four-year-olds?
This Labour Government are delivering the teachers that are desperately needed right across our schools.
We were left behind a terrible crisis when it came to recruitment and retention, but this Labour Government know that improving standards in our schools requires having the best possible teachers available to teach all our children.
That is why we delivered a pay award, and why we are making sure that we are tackling all the issues around workload.
We are getting on and delivering the plan for change.
The right hon.
Lady comes here with the same relentless negativity week in, week out.
We are delivering new free breakfast clubs, free school meals, cheaper uniforms, high-quality childcare and more apprenticeships.
That is the difference the Labour Government are making.
This is farcical.
Will the Secretary of State finally admit that the original pledge to hire 6,500 teachers included primary school teachers, and that the Government are now abandoning their pledge?
The reality is that, according to their own website, there are 400 fewer teachers than last year.
There are 60,000 fewer children in primary schools this year.
I know the right hon.
Lady was at the Treasury, so I would expect a bit more when it comes to her maths.
It would be nonsensical to recruit even more primary school teachers when we have falling rolls.
We are focusing our efforts where they are needed, and I am delighted that we are seeing big increases in the number of secondary maths teachers, secondary physics teachers and secondary STEM teachers.
There are big increases right across the board—that is what Labour is delivering.
Last week, I had the pleasure of hosting in Parliament the Outcomes First Group, a group of specialist SEND schools.
They presented their proposals for fixing the broken SEND system, including supporting more children in mainstream education, supporting collaboration between schools and upskilling teachers.
Does the Minister agree that those are exactly the sorts of changes that are needed to fix the SEND system, and will she meet me and the school in my constituency to learn more?
Indeed, we are building a reformed system in which children and young people’s needs will be identified early, so that evidence-based support can be provided at the earliest opportunity.
Earlier this year, I was pleased to open Benton House, a special school in my constituency that is also run by the Outcomes First Group.
It was great to see such a well-resourced facility supporting children with complex needs.
I would be delighted to hear more about the work in my hon.
Friend’s constituency and the proposals.
rose—
Order.
Please, we have to try to get in as many Members as possible.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I echo the Secretary of State’s remarks about the tragedy in Minehead.
My thoughts and prayers are with all those affected.
Every parent who puts a baby into childcare wants to know that they are safe.
In the light of the crucial role that CCTV played in the harrowing case at Twickenham Green nursery in my constituency, which resulted in a nursery worker being convicted of 21 counts of child cruelty last month, and in the tragic case of Gigi Meehan in Cheadle, will the Secretary of State commit to issuing fresh guidance to nurseries on the use and regular monitoring of CCTV footage?
The hon.