With an almost 10% pay award, we are making good progress, with over 2,000 more teachers in our secondary and special schools.
I congratulate the Secretary of State on the Department for Education being more than a third of the way through recruiting those 6,500 teachers.
A recent Public Accounts Committee report showed that schools with a high proportion of disadvantaged pupils experienced the worst teacher shortages.
Will the Secretary of State reassure me that extra effort will be put into recruiting and retaining teachers at all those schools?
I give my hon.
Friend that assurance and thank him for all the work he does for schools right across his constituency.
Recruiting and retaining more teachers—particularly in the most disadvantaged areas—is critical to our opportunity mission, but I am also delighted that initial teacher training acceptances are up 12% in secondary.
That is positive progress being made, with a 16% increase in maths and a 46% increase in physics.
That is the change that the Labour Government are delivering.
I thank the Secretary of State for her response and for the Government’s commitment to recruiting 6,500 new teachers.
However, as we know,  dyslexic children tend to leave school or education with disproportionately lower attainment levels.
They are also over-represented in the criminal justice system and often have low self-esteem, with much of that coming from their experience in educational settings.
Will the Secretary of State outline how she will ensure that the recruitment of new teachers will bring in those who can meet the education needs of dyslexic and neurodiverse children?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question and for all her work to support neurodiverse students in Broxtowe and beyond.
From September, thanks to this Labour Government’s reforms, all new teachers will receive three years of evidence-based training, including significantly enhanced content on supporting children with additional needs.
We know there is much more we have to do so that all our students, including those with special educational needs and disabilities, are able to achieve and thrive, and I look forward to discussing that further with her very soon.
As a former teacher, I know that new school buildings not only help student progress, but encourage teacher retention.
Can the Minister confirm that new school buildings are indeed part of this Government’s programme for change, and will she commit to visiting Bradfields academy in my constituency, a specialist SEND school that is investing millions as part of the schools rebuilding programme?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend; I know he cares deeply about outcomes for children in Chatham and Aylesford, and that he brings real experience to this House.
He is right to demonstrate the important role of the specialist sector.
He mentions Bradfields academy, which has already secured a place on the schools rebuilding programme; with the approval of the trust, I would be delighted to arrange for me or one of my colleagues to visit and see the brilliant work they are doing.
This Government are hampering schools’ recruitment of new teachers.
First they hiked up the cost through the increase in employer national insurance contributions; then the money promised to state schools from charging VAT on private school fees was spent on housing instead.
Can the Secretary of State tell the House how much the increase in employer national insurance contributions will cost schools in total over this Parliament?
We are investing record sums in our state schools.
The Conservative party, however, wants to take money out of our state schools to give tax breaks back to private schools.
That tells us everything we need to know about their priorities.
The headteacher of the Thomas Hardye school in West Dorset previously worked in a London school.
He told me that in London he received nearly £10,000 per pupil, but in West Dorset nearly £5,000—yet the challenges of rural education are no less complex, not least in the recruitment of teachers.