Can the Minister offer any words of comfort to Vicky and the families she helps?
We are maintaining the support available to children to ensure that there is reasonable support in place, and providing more funding to local authorities.
This Government are committed to breaking down the barriers to opportunity so that every child can succeed and thrive, and that is what we are getting on and delivering.
What steps her Department is taking to help ensure that post-16 education provides the skills necessary to support the economy.
I would like to take this opportunity to celebrate the great gains that the Labour Government have made through our plan for change.
Since entering power, we have cut red tape, tilted the system towards young people and committed unprecedented investment for our school system.
We are going further and faster with our post-16 education and skills strategy.
The apprenticeship levy is collected equally across the United Kingdom, but unfortunately it comes back to Northern Ireland under the Barnett consequential.
Will the Minister look at an option for a system in which those employers who contribute to the apprenticeship levy can draw it back directly to support apprentices employed in their companies?
I thank the hon.
Member for his question and his thoughtfulness regarding the levy and its operation.
As he is fully aware, skills are a devolved matter and funding in the devolved Administration remains the responsibility of that Government.
We will continue to engage with the devolved Administrations as we develop the levy-funded growth and skills offer for England.
I was recently lucky enough to visit Brigg infant school in South Normanton.
It is a gorgeous school full of talented pupils and dedicated staff, but it has a problem: four and five-year-olds are being taught in a prefab building that is not fit for purpose.
I love to see the way that we invest in education, but these children have been let down by the previous Government.
Does the Minister agree that they deserve a classroom that is fit to be taught in, and will she look at this case?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her thoughtful question on the prefabs.
We have a plan to build, and I will take up this matter further with the appropriate Minister.
I call the shadow Minister.
Before the election, Labour said that it would allow employers to take 50% of their apprenticeship levy money and spend it on other things, but since the a while election, different Ministers have said different things about whether that is still happening.
The Skills Minister said it would all depend on the spending review, but of course, the spending review was back.
Will businesses be able to take out 50% as Labour promised or not?
I thank the hon.
Member for his question.
We are a Government who continue to invest in education.
We have flexibility available, and we have foundation apprenticeships and shorter apprenticeships.
We are absolutely investing in young people to get them into the right jobs.
Yes or no?
Order.
The Minister will answer the question as she sees fit.
The hon.
Member may be frustrated, but we will carry on.
What steps she is taking to help improve the condition of the further education college estate.
What steps she is taking to improve the quality of the further education estate.
Excellent further education colleges are a key building block of the Government’s opportunity and growth missions.
The Government are committed to improving the condition of schools and colleges in England and will invest nearly £3 billion per year by 2034-2035, rising from £2.4 billion in 2024-25.
The oldest surviving locomotive roundhouse in Britain is in Derby, and what was once at the forefront of Victorian engineering is now a cutting-edge learning environment for local young people who will build the homes of the future.
But the site is full to bursting—Derby college needs more space.