Every parent who puts a baby into childcare wants to know that they are safe.
In the light of the crucial role that CCTV played in the harrowing case at Twickenham Green nursery in my constituency, which resulted in a nursery worker being convicted of 21 counts of child cruelty last month, and in the tragic case of Gigi Meehan in Cheadle, will the Secretary of State commit to issuing fresh guidance to nurseries on the use and regular monitoring of CCTV footage?
The hon.
Member will know that I met the family of Genevieve Meehan recently.
That was a tragic case.
We need to make sure that we are doing everything we possibly can to protect children in nursery settings.
That is why I am pleased that in the “best start in life” strategy, published just two weeks ago, we committed to have early years settings inspected within 18 months and, indeed, within four years.
I have offered a meeting with the hon.
Member, and I am very happy to discuss these issues further.
Apprenticeships should be open to everyone.
I have met too many young people in Doncaster  East and the Isle of Axholme who are more than capable of doing the job—they have the hands-on skills, the attitude and the drive to work—but are being held back from apprenticeships because they have to get a grade 4 in English or maths.
When will the Government move forward with reforming the rule so that we stop shutting out good people from good jobs just because they did not get a pass in the classroom?
I absolute agree with my hon.
Friend.
This Government will indeed stop shutting good people out of good jobs.
He is probably aware that the Department funds apprentices to achieve a qualification as part of their training.
We do not set entry requirements; these are decisions for employers.
However, we have allowed for more flexibility in English and maths requirements for adults aged 19 and over.
Children in receipt of funds from the adoption and special guardianship support fund often have significant mental health, wellbeing and educational needs.
For many of these children, their individual therapy is the single biggest factor enabling them to continue at school.
What assessment has the Minister made of the implications of cutting funding for this therapy?
The adoption and special guardianship support fund provides valuable therapeutic support to children and families, which is why we have committed to continuing the £50 million to this financial year.
We have been holding discussions with key stakeholders, and we will soon announce the next steps for the fund.
As well as being the governor of a sixth-form college, I am proud to be a governor of the Abbey Hill special school in Stoke-on-Trent—I draw the House’s attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests accordingly—which is why I was so appalled by the comments of the Reform UK chairman that children with special needs are “naughty children”, often as the result of “bad parenting”.
Can I invite the Secretary of State to condemn those comments, and to reaffirm our support for those children and parents?
I join my hon.
Friend in condemning those remarks.
I am aware that the Reform UK leader said, in similar comments,
“I’m not being heartless, I’m being frank”.
Well, I will be frank: Reform UK would plunge the SEND system into further disarray.
Only Labour will back the children with SEND who need support.
The citizenAID first aid charity provides excellent education in emergency situations to children and young people.
I have written to the Scottish education department to invite it to introduce it to the curriculum.
Is there any interest from the Department for Education down here?
If the hon.
Gentleman would write to me, I will look into that further.