That is why we are providing access to specialist mental health professionals in every school by expanding mental health support teams so that every child and young person has access to early support to address problems before they escalate.
I thank the Minister for his reply and for last week’s publication of the new relationships, sex and health education—RSHE—curriculum guidance.
I was pleased to see that secondary schools are now being asked to talk about suicide prevention in an age-appropriate way.
Andy, Mike and Tim, the 3 Dads Walking, have campaigned hard for this change over a number of years, and I am pleased that the Government have worked with them to make this happen.
Will the Minister join me in thanking the three dads, and can he say how this will be implemented in schools so that we can help save young lives?
I thank my hon.
Friend for the tireless work she has done on these important issues in this place.
We are grateful for the contribution of 3 Dads Walking in developing the new RSHE guidance and we pay tribute to their inspirational determination and the courage shown in their work to raise awareness.
The guidance contains new content about coping strategies for dealing with issues such as anxiety, but also covers issues such as loneliness and bereavement.
It says that schools should “consider carefully” how to address suicide prevention safely.
Great leadership is critical to supporting children to have a healthy mental condition.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating Leon Myers, the headteacher of Swinemoor primary school, on the twice-repeated outstanding rating for that school, on his focus on the traditional values of endeavour, resilience and competitive spirit, and on his recent MBE in recognition of the transformation of opportunity he provides to children across the Swinemoor estate?
I thank the right hon.
Member for his question, and I pay tribute to the member of staff he mentioned and all those who work across the education system to deliver improvements in life chances for all young people; I thank him very much for his hard work.
We know that timely access to mental health support is crucial.
Earlier this month, the Education Committee released its report on children’s social care, which recommended that the Government establish mental health teams that are co-located between child and adolescent mental health services —CAMHS—and children’s social care, so that looked-after children can access specialist mental health support more easily.
Will the Minister share any assessment that the Department has made of this recommendation?
I thank my hon.
Friend for the hard work she has undertaken on the Select Committee.
She will know that we will deliver on our commitment on mental health support teams in the course of the next few months and years.
By 2026, we estimate that 60% of  pupils in schools and learners will have access to national health service tests—NHSTs—and I will take her suggestion back to the Department.
Good mental health at school is sometimes bolstered by out-of-school support, especially for the most vulnerable children.
Last week, I met Vicky and her team at Jigsaw Occupational Therapy in Burgess Hill, and I spoke to the families they help.
Roughly a quarter of their work involved supporting kinship and adopted children and helping them to regulate following profound trauma.
Vicky described the impact on their children of the Government’s cuts to the adoption and special guardianship support fund as “heartbreaking”.
Can the Minister offer any words of comfort to Vicky and the families she helps?
We are maintaining the support available to children to ensure that there is reasonable support in place, and providing more funding to local authorities.
This Government are committed to breaking down the barriers to opportunity so that every child can succeed and thrive, and that is what we are getting on and delivering.