Famine is taking hold, sewage is pooling in the streets and the water has still not been switched back on.
Almost nothing is reaching northern Gaza, where people are already dying of starvation.
The healthcare system has been utterly devastated.
Yesterday, leading non-governmental organisations told me about specific blocks and restrictions that they face from Israeli authorities in doing their life-saving work.
Aid is sat waiting, unable to reach those in need, with some rotting where it stood.
Items are removed from trucks without explanation, and doctors are reusing single-use medical equipment taken from patients who have died.
Today, a UN report says that 10,000 women have been killed.
That is a description of hell on earth.
It cannot go on.
For months, we have demanded that aid flow without restrictions—unfettered and unimpeded—at a level that meets humanitarian need.
The UN Security Council has demanded it; the International Court of Justice has ordered it.
However, despite the pledges that have been made, UN figures show that more aid went in on some days in January than went in yesterday, so I have three questions for the Government.
First, can the Minster be clear that Israel is not meeting its commitments, and about what pressure the Government are applying to change that?
Secondly, why have the Government not yet announced that they are restoring future funding to the United Nations Relief and Works Agency?
It is shocking that, in the face of famine, the UK is one of the last major donors yet to resume funding, without explanation.
Thirdly, why are the Government seemingly softening their message to Netanyahu on Rafah?
Let us be clear: 1.5 million Palestinians sheltering there have nowhere safe to go.
There can be no humanitarian operation to meet the scale of need without an immediate ceasefire now.
Both sides must agree to comply.
We note that it was Hamas and their leader, Sinwar, who rejected the latest ceasefire deal.
Both sides must urgently agree to end this war now to prevent the further loss of innocent life, to free the hostages still cruelly held by Hamas, and to allow a surge of aid into Gaza.
Important points have been made.
It is important to welcome Israel’s commitments to increase the amount of aid getting into Gaza, and the limited steps that have been made, but—and this is an important but—more must be done, as the right hon.
Gentleman said, to realise those commitments, and we continue to urge that that happens.
As I said, the Foreign Secretary is in the region, and we are working hard on those issues.
The right hon.
Gentleman also talked about UNRWA.
The final report from Catherine Colonna is due at the end of April.
We will review that and make a decision on future funding.
We recognise the important role that UNRWA plays.
On the wider, more strategic point about our approach, it is clear that we want to see a humanitarian pause before then pushing for the conditions for a sustainable ceasefire.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the position of the hostages is absolutely key, and is he able to report any more progress?
He has explained that Hamas have not agreed to the latest proposal, but does he agree that pressure needs to be put on them by their interlocutors who are working with them to do something solid on the hostage problem, and to do it speedily?
As I have said, the Government continue to call for an immediate humanitarian pause to allow for the release of hostages.
While we cannot provide a running commentary on negotiations, which are highly sensitive and ongoing, the UK is using all our diplomatic channels to support international negotiation efforts facilitated by Egypt, Qatar and the US.
We now come to the SNP spokesperson.