Does the Minister agree that the elderly almost more than anyone else must have their personal data protected?
I am sorry to hear of that experience, which I am afraid is shared by constituents across the country.
That is why we have taken new measures in the data Bill to try to deal with scam calls by trying to ensure that we can see where those numbers are and take action by blocking them on bulk.
I appreciate what the hon.
Member said; it is something that we must tackle.
I call the shadow Minister.
We are told that this is the general election year.
In other countries, we already see those who want to manipulate democracy using AI to scrape together personal details, including someone’s face and voice, allowing them to falsify candidates’ views.
What  the hon.
Member for Harrow East (Bob Blackman)  raised about the GLA candidate is pertinent.
As we quickly approach the second half of the year—when we are told the Prime Minister will finally call the election—will the Government commit to ensuring that personal details are protected for candidates, voters and, above all, democracy as a matter of urgency?
We absolutely share those concerns.
That is why we have a defending democracy taskforce working across every Department to look at the threats  to our democracy.
We face a substantial threat, and it is one that we must all be mindful of in how we conduct ourselves as candidates.
AI, fakes and the protection of data is one element of that, but I assure the House that we are taking a whole range of measures to ensure that the protection of the coming general election is robust.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
Individuals’ personal data is not safe in Tory hands.
A recent article in The Guardian reported that senior Tory party officials planned to make millions from selling off their own members’ data through the “True Blue” app.
If the Tory party is happy to sell off its own members’ personal data, how can the public possibly have confidence that their data is safe under the Government?
The allegations that the hon.
Lady has put forward were written in The Guardian, and I have not seen them myself.
I am presiding over the data Bill, and I have seen no evidence to suggest that we are trying to bring forward laws that would do such a thing.
What steps her Department is taking to implement the Online Safety Act 2023.
Ofcom is the independent regulator of the Online Safety Act.
The Government are working with it to implement the Act as quickly as possible, including the relevant secondary legislation.
Ofcom is taking a phased approach to bringing the duties into effect and is consulting on guidance and codes of practice.
Offences around serious online abuse came into effect on  31 January  this year.
The Online Safety Act introduced many measures to keep children safe, but given the increased concerns about children’s online safety, does the Secretary of State agree that it is time to go even further and introduce a child-safe phone?
That would ensure that, at a minimum, all phones intended for children are properly fitted with parental controls to stop children accessing harmful content.
The Government produced world-leading legislation on online safety, which puts the onus on social media companies, not parents.
I know that my right hon.
Friend has spoken about information, which is particularly important to make it as easy as possible for parents.
She raises an important about device-level controls, and I assure her that I am listening not just to Members of this House but to parents.
Yesterday, the Government finally backed Labour’s calls and announced that they would make the creation of deepfake porn a criminal offence.
However, it is disappointing that the Government continue to adopt an intent-based approach over one of consent in relation to these crimes.