We want to see the report, and then we will make our final decision.
We recognise the important role of UNRWA, and we also recognise the importance of opening a crossing in northern Gaza, as my hon.
Friend highlighted in her opening point.
We are pressing the Israelis to stand up to their commitments.
Yesterday, I attended a meeting of British doctors who have recently been in Gaza, and they described the systematic targeting of healthcare in Gaza.
Let us be clear: that is a war crime.
A UN special rapporteur recently warned, at a meeting that MPs organised, that Government Ministers and officials involved in arms exports to Israel should be absolutely clear that they could be individually criminally liable for aiding and abetting war crimes in Gaza.
Will the Minister say on the record in this House, and ahead of next week’s High Court hearing, that the legal advice that the Government have received confirms that there is no such risk, and that arms sales are in line with international law?
After our latest assessment of our position on export licences, it remains unchanged, and is consistent with the advice that Ministers have received.
We will continue to keep the position under review.
As has been referenced, our close allies in the United States have commended Israel for stepping up the amount of aid getting into Gaza, but once aid trucks are on the Gazan side of the  border, Hamas have sought to hijack the trucks, and to cynically use the distribution of aid as a political weapon, as has been recognised by this Government.
What assessment has my hon.
Friend made of the level of control that Hamas exercises over UNRWA and the distribution of aid?
My hon.
Friend makes important points, which set out why we are waiting for the final report, as I have said repeatedly, before making a final decision.
The underlying situation relating to UNRWA was very challenging, and we need to make sure that aid is used for the appropriate purposes.
The Government rightly condemn Iran for risking destabilisation in the region, and for demonstrating that it is intent on sowing chaos in its own backyard, yet we have had six months of Israel killing civilians, doctors and aid workers; destroying almost all civilian infrastructure in Gaza; cutting off water, fuel and electricity; and severely limiting the supply of aid.
That is all in clear violation of international law, has destabilised the region, and has sown chaos in Israel’s own backyard, so will the Minister condemn the action of Israel, too?
We recognise that Israel has the right to defend itself and, as I have said, we are calling for an immediate pause in order to get aid in and the hostages out.
We also recognise the destabilising action of Iran and its acolytes, and we must ensure that we push back and seek to de-escalate the whole situation.
By now there could have been a humanitarian pause and aid could be flowing into Gaza to help those poor individuals threatened with famine and war, but of course, just as the last two humanitarian pauses were breached by Hamas, Hamas refused to accept a ceasefire on the terms that have been agreed.
Such a ceasefire would mean that the hostages could be coming back now, and the people of Gaza could be receiving aid.
Does the Minister agree that Hamas are clearly the obstacle to peace in the middle east?
Clearly Hamas are an obstacle to peace.
Their actions provoked terrible atrocities in Israel back in October, which we find abhorrent.
Now we want to ensure that we find a way of tackling the terrible humanitarian situation, as I have described, and tackling further destabilising activity by Iran.
In reply to my written question on  15 April , the Minister said:
“We want UNRWA to give detailed undertakings about changes in personnel, policy and precedents”.