I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
Airdrops, promises of harbours and promises of money to come are not even touching the sides of the problem, given its scale.
People are starving to death.
At the beginning of March, my Committee published a report calling on the UK Government to press for more than 500 trucks of humanitarian aid a day to be allowed into Gaza; for all the crossings to open; for the Israeli military to co-operate better with aid agencies; and for deconfliction, so that humanitarian workers can live, and also safely carry out their vital work.
Despite the Foreign Secretary’s optimism about greater humanitarian flows, the average is just over 1,100 trucks a week.
Why are this Government not doing more to persuade Israel to meet its responsibilities under international law and facilitate aid to the people of Gaza?
How many more people have to die?
I understand the hon.
Member’s concerns, particularly given her position as Chair of the International Development Committee, but I have highlighted already that we are pressing incredibly hard on Israel to make further progress, and there has been limited progress.
The Foreign Secretary is in the region, and he continues to press this case, as does my the Minister of State, Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Sutton Coldfield (Mr Mitchell) , who is doing important work in this area as well.
I am sorry to question the Minister again on the same theme, but he will be starting to appreciate the frustration in the House.
Over the last six months, we have heard the Government beg, plead with and press Israel, and have telephone calls, meetings and conversations with it.
We even had the RAF in the sky, rightly, to defend Israel from Iran.
Yet it occurs to many of us that the Israeli Government care little for what we say, to the extent that Medical Aid for Palestinians reports that a famine in Gaza over the next few weeks is all but inevitable.
When will we realise that saying things is making no difference, and that we have to act, not least to take  steps to enforce the judgment of the International Court of Justice?
When will we actually do something concrete to save lives?
As I have said, we are pressing incredibly hard to make sure that we see further progress in this vital area.
I have highlighted that one of the key things we are doing is committing £9.7 million for aid deliveries through the life-saving aid corridor to Gaza through the sea.
That is a material step—it is action that is being taken—but clearly we will continue to put pressure on the Israelis.
They have made commitments, and we want them to stand up and realise, or allow agencies to realise, those commitments.
Crossings are still not open, trucks are going in half empty, and 41% of the UN’s requests to send aid into northern Gaza are being refused by the Israeli Government.
That is the reality on the ground.
The Colonna report comes out this Saturday, on  20 April , not at the end of the month.
When will the Government come to this House to tell us when they will reinstate funding to UNRWA, which is the only aid organisation with the infrastructure on the ground to deliver aid at scale?
As I have said, we will review that report.
When we receive it, we will make our final decision, and we will come to Parliament to explain that decision.
As I have also highlighted—and, more importantly, as the Development Minister has highlighted—we recognise the vital role that UNRWA plays.
The Foreign Secretary was very proud to announce that the United Kingdom had set up a contact group for the middle east, which has members from Europe, the middle east and the United States.