Let me ask the Minister a simple question: does international humanitarian law mean anything anymore, when the UK and the international community continue to refuse to draw a line?
I understand the hon.
Gentleman’s passion and concern about the area, and we continue to have grave concerns about humanitarian access.
However, that is not sufficient to undermine our judgment that Israel is committed to complying with IHL in general.
Israel’s military is reported to be using Lavender, an artificial intelligence system, to help choose its bombing targets in Gaza.
That is machine decision making over human decision making, and it arguably sacrifices accuracy in favour of speed.
The Lavender system identifies targets, which are reviewed for only 20 seconds before authorisation of a strike.
What discussions has the Minister had with colleagues in the Ministry of Defence about the use of AI in combat, the concerns over error rates, and the humanitarian impact on the ground?
Too many civilians have been killed, and we want Israel to take greater care to limit its operations to military targets and avoid harming civilians and destroying homes.
That is the message we give when we engage with the Israeli Government.
The situation in Gaza is having its impact on the west bank.
Tragically, this week a 14-year-old Israeli child was found dead, and that set off a process of settlers rampaging across the west bank.
We now know that four Palestinians have been killed and others brutally attacked, and the evidence is that IDF soldiers stood to one side and allowed that to happen.
At a meeting with Israeli colleagues this morning we heard that the Israeli Government are now arresting legal and peace observers in the west bank.
Will the Government make it clear to the Israeli Government that observers should be allowed to operate within the west bank and ensure that peace is maintained?
May we have a detailed report on the sanctions that the Government are applying to Israeli settlements and settlers?
I do not know the detail of some of the earlier points the right hon.
Gentleman raised, but I will welcome receiving that.
My understanding and memory is that we put sanctions on two individuals.
We keep this issue under constant review, because those actions and what happens in the settlements is important, given the implications that has for the west bank.
The escalation of recent days is deeply worrying, with two nuclear-armed countries exchanging ballistics, and neither with any reputation for care of civilian lives and both with agendas of their own.
That escalation has occupied the headlines, but the people of Gaza continue to suffer unrelenting military attacks and starvation.
The rules-based order and international law have suffered lasting damage, including by the targeting of aid workers and medics.
The UK’s influence with an out-of-control Netanyahu Government has yielded little, but one of the few legal tools available is the suspension of arms export licences.
When will the Government use that?
As I said in a previous answer, our assessment on export licences remains unchanged.
We have one of the most robust export systems in the world, enshrined in law through the Export Control  Act 2022 and implemented through our strategic export licensing criteria.
It is important that the hon.
Lady recalls and notes not just the humanitarian situation in Gaza, but also what is happening through Iran’s destabilising activities.
Humanitarian agencies have concluded that we have passed the point of being able to avert famine in Gaza.
Whatever we do now, we will be too late for those people who will have starved to death by the time aid arrives, and that is a stain on the international community.
Will the Minister update the House on what specific steps the Government have taken to bring about the full implementation of resolution 2728, which was passed by the UN Security Council over three weeks ago?