That is why at the summit we announced a £100 million pot to accelerate some of our existing healthcare missions.
We are working hand in hand with the Department of Health and Social Care on this important topic.
I call the shadow Minister.
AI is an incredible new technology, and it can help the NHS to save lives, but there are also risks, such as the danger of deepfakes.
The Government have been warned about those risks, yet time and again Ministers have dithered and delayed, and the Government’s failure to act was highlighted in the Financial Times this week.
Have the Government run out of ideas, or are they just scared of their own Back Benchers?
As the hon.
Member will know, we have the defending democracy taskforce, which is dedicated to this very subject and is led by the Security Minister, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Tonbridge and Malling (Tom Tugendhat) .
We as a team are actively participating in that, and we also work with social media companies and our international counterparts.
It is something that I personally put on the agenda at the summit and that I have personally discussed in forums such as the G7.
The Deputy Prime Minister is also leading the way with his AI compact.
There is no easy answer to this, but we are working in a conciliatory and speedy manner to ensure that we address all opportunities and answers.
What steps her Department is taking to help protect the personal data of individuals.
The Data Protection and Digital Information Bill before Parliament builds on the high standards that we already have for personal data protection.
It strengthens and modernises the regulator so that it can enforce standards must more robustly, to protect people.
We are  looking at what we can do to strengthen our cyber-resilience and data infrastructure all the time as new technology develops.
I thank my hon.
Friend for that answer.
It is clearly vital that the enormous amounts of personal data collected by Departments and private companies are safeguarded.
I have received a number of complaints about people’s personal data being abused by companies, and indeed about public sector data being sold to companies who then use it.
Just this weekend, our Greater London Authority candidate had his phone hacked and his social media destroyed.
That is equally important as a demonstration of what can happen to democracy when data is abused.
Will my hon.
Friend take further action to safeguard people’s personal data?
I thank my hon.
Friend for highlighting that case.
I regret what has happened to the GLA candidate, which highlights some of the risks in relation to technology.
That is why we have high data protection standards, but there is a range of ways in which we need to tackle this problem.
We have the national cyber strategy, which is working to ensure that we can deal with the cyber-threats we face.
We are taking measures to protect our data infrastructure and trying to do things to stop fraud in the national “Stop!
Think Fraud” strategy, as well as new laws on security of devices, such as connected devices.
We need to do a whole range of things, but we need to keep making sure that we are vigilant about the risks.
When my 91-year-old mother died, I took on her landline for purely sentimental reasons.
For months and months after that, I kept getting scam calls offering all sorts of dodgy products.
Does the Minister agree that the elderly almost more than anyone else must have their personal data protected?
I am sorry to hear of that experience, which I am afraid is shared by constituents across the country.
That is why we have taken new measures in the data Bill to try to deal with scam calls by trying to ensure that we can see where those numbers are and take action by blocking them on bulk.