As I have said, the Government continue to call for an immediate humanitarian pause to allow for the release of hostages.
While we cannot provide a running commentary on negotiations, which are highly sensitive and ongoing, the UK is using all our diplomatic channels to support international negotiation efforts facilitated by Egypt, Qatar and the US.
We now come to the SNP spokesperson.
Under-standably, perhaps, the world’s attention has been on the shocking Iranian missile attack at the weekend, but we cannot and must not forget about the humanitarian crisis in Gaza, and the plight of millions of innocent civilians facing a man-made famine and living with the constant threat of attack.
Neither can we forget the immensely brave humanitarian aid workers, particularly the seven World Central Kitchen employees, whose status as humanitarians appears to have offered them little or no protection from the Israel Defence Forces.
Despite the promises made, the United Nations has reported that this week, more than 40% of what it tried to take into Gaza was rejected.
Those of us who have been to the border and seen the efforts of the Egyptian Red Crescent, and its warehouse full of rejected medical equipment, have a pretty good idea of what those items were.
This is an area that has no single operational hospital.
The elephant in the room, though, is arms export licences.
For how much longer is the UK going to send humanitarian aid to Gaza while simultaneously licensing weapons sales to Israel?
Would not the best form of humanitarian aid for the people of Gaza be to stop supplying Israel with the weapons that will kill them?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to highlight what happened in Iran recently, and of course we must not forget the humanitarian situation on the ground in Gaza.
As I highlighted in my opening remarks, we are working very hard to make sure that the aid he talked about can come through.
He also talked about exports; the latest assessment carried out by the Foreign Secretary leaves our position on export licenses unchanged.
That is consistent with the advice Ministers have received.
We will continue to keep that position under review, but the hon.
Gentleman should remember his opening point about Iran and what happened recently.
I will leave it there on export controls.
Humanitarian aid getting into the Gaza strip is very important.
Has my hon.
Friend noticed that in the last couple of days, the White House national security spokesman said in an interview with NBC that the aid getting into Gaza has increased by a large amount in the past few days?
More than 2,000 trucks have been able to get in, including about 100 trucks in the past  24 hours alone.
Three bakeries have reopened in northern  Gaza in the past week, producing some 3 million pita breads daily, and food aid convoys are now continuing via the newly opened northern crossing.
Of course, there is always more to do—as I have said, that is very important—but does my hon.
Friend accept that there have been significant improvements, considering that this is still an active war zone?
I am grateful for the comments of my right hon.
and learned Friend.
As I said in my response to the Opposition spokesman—sorry, could he remind me of his question again?
It was about aid improving.
We have seen limited improvement.
My right hon.
and learned Friend said that it has been significant, and it has, but from a low base, and as I have set out, our aspirations are clearly a lot higher.
There are a number of key areas in which we want to see further improvements, and we are working closely with Israel on that.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
Airdrops, promises of harbours and promises of money to come are not even touching the sides of the problem, given its scale.
People are starving to death.