Will the Prime Minister please agree today to release the funding for our new SEND units at Sandhurst and Edgbarrow schools, and commit to fully funding up front our new SEND school in Crowthorne?
I thank my hon.
Friend for highlighting how Bracknell Forest Council has worked positively with the Department for Education through the safety valve programme.
As part of that agreement, the council will receive £16 million in extra funding over the next few years to provide the vital education that his constituents deserve.
I am told that the Department is still reviewing capital bids for the safety valve programme, but it will be in touch with local authorities directly as soon as possible.
In earlier exchanges, we did not hear much of a defence from the Prime Minister of his predecessor.
Could he tell the House what he considers to be her greatest achievement?
While the Labour party was busy trying to take us back into the EU and reverse the referendum result, my predecessor was signing trade deals around the world that have seen Brexit Britain overtake the Netherlands, France and Japan to become the fourth largest exporter in the world.
My constituent Claire Massey and one of her two children almost lost their lives in a fire at her home in February 2023.
Since then, Claire has been a victim of bullying by aggressive claims handlers, and of negligent  and unprofessional conduct, including violating a policy and withdrawing alternative accommodation, by the insurer Policy Expert—part of the Accredited Insurance (Europe)— and Trinity Claims.
Claire has raised institutional failings with the Financial Conduct Authority, which appears toothless.
She has also successfully raised individual issues with the financial ombudsman, but the delaying tactics of the insurers mean that she is no closer to a resolution.
Claire is here in the Gallery today and asks whether the Prime Minister will meet her and me to look at how we can better protect consumers against bad practices in the insurance industry.
Does he agree that it is time to establish on “Office of the Whistleblower”?
My hon.
Friend is an excellent campaigner on behalf of her constituent, and I extend my sympathy to Claire and her family.
While I cannot comment on individual cases, as I am sure she will understand, I know that the Financial Conduct Authority has the powers it needs to take action against firms that breach its rules.
Further, customers can contact the Financial Ombudsman Service, whose decisions are binding on insurers.
I will immediately ensure that the relevant Minister meets my hon.
Friend to look more closely at this specific issue and the case that she raises.
Ukrainian Member of Parliament, Mykola Stefanchuk, is in the Public Gallery this afternoon.
I am sure we all wish to welcome him and wish Ukraine “Slava Ukraini”.
Mykola has told me that Ukraine has the people and the courage, but does not currently have the weapons and the air defence to secure her freedom.
In light of the Russian attacks on Chernihiv this morning, which have killed at least 10 people and injured many more, will the Prime Minister respond to President Zelensky’s statement that this “wouldn’t have happened” if Ukraine had received sufficient air defence equipment?
It was a pleasure to address Members of the Ukrainian Parliament when I visited Ukraine earlier this year.
Indeed, it was my first foreign visit of the year; I was the first foreign leader to visit Ukraine and President Zelensky to demonstrate our strong support for the Ukrainian people at their moment of struggle against Russian aggression.
We have increased the amount of support we have given to Ukraine this year— the first major country to do so—and a big part of that support concerns air defence.