Lady’s constituents.
I will be more than happy to make sure that the right Minister looks into it and that we get back to her as soon as possible.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs if he will make a statement on the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
The deputy Foreign Secretary is regrettably unable to respond to this question in person, as he is at the World Bank spring meetings in Washington.
I will respond on his behalf.
Earlier this month, we passed a grim milestone: six months since Hamas’s horrific terrorist attack on Israel.
The UK Government have been working with partners across the region to secure the release of hostages, including British nationals.
We want to see the release of all hostages.
Palestinian civilians have spent these months suffering, with conditions worsening by the day.
The humanitarian situation in Gaza is dire.
The Iran attack and our support for Israel have not changed our focus on ensuring that Israel meets its commitments to enable at least 500 aid trucks a day to enter Gaza; to open Ashdod port for aid deliveries; to expand the Jordan land corridor; to open a crossing into northern Gaza; and to extend hours at Kerem Shalom and Nitzana.
We are pushing as hard as we can to get aid to Palestinian civilians.
As this House knows, we have been urging Israel at the highest levels to take immediate action on the bottlenecks holding up humanitarian relief.
We have recently seen a small increase in the number of aid trucks being allowed to enter Gaza, but not all of them are full, and numbers are not yet close to reaching the levels required given the severity of the humanitarian situation that we  now see.
We will continue to press Israel to take immediate action to open Ashdod fully for humanitarian aid.
Meanwhile, we recently announced new support for a life-saving aid corridor by sea to Gaza, including the deployment of a Royal Navy ship, which has now arrived in the Mediterranean and is ready to integrate with the US pier, and provide a command and control platform.
We are also committing up to £9.7 million for aid deliveries through that corridor, as well as providing logistical expertise and equipment.
In recent weeks, the Royal Air Force has conducted seven airdrops along the Gazan coast, delivering more than 58 tonnes of food.
The UK-Med field hospital, funded by the UK, is up and running in Gaza and has already treated more than 8,000 people, a high proportion of them children.
We need to see the operating environment in Gaza improve, so that more aid gets in and can be distributed quickly, safely and effectively.
Israel must ensure that the UN has the access, equipment and staff that it needs to  do that.
We were horrified by the attack on the World Central Kitchen convoy, which killed seven aid workers, including three very dedicated British nationals.
Israel must do more to protect aid workers, including through guaranteed deconfliction for aid convoys and other humanitarian work to ensure that they can operate safely.
The findings of Israel’s investigation must be published in full, and followed up with a wholly independent review, to ensure the utmost transparency and accountability.
Six months on, however much we might wish otherwise, the fighting has not yet come to an end.
We cannot and will not stand by.
The Foreign Secretary is in the region this week, pressing for further action.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for granting me this urgent question.
Conditions in Gaza are desperate and intolerable.
Famine is taking hold, sewage is pooling in the streets and the water has still not been switched back on.
Almost nothing is reaching northern Gaza, where people are already dying of starvation.
The healthcare system has been utterly devastated.