The facts completely speak for themselves, so people should vote Conservatives for safer streets.
Every month in my constituency, the Labour-run Warrington Borough Council spends nearly £4.5 million   on interest payments to cover its £1.8 billion debt.
It has used borrowing to spend on an energy company that went bust, offices in Birmingham and Manchester, and even a business park that it purchased through an offshore company, presumably to avoid paying tax.
Does the Prime Minister agree that it is time to send in the inspectors?
Warrington Borough Council has gone too far in its money-making schemes.
Local councils should be focusing on delivering great services, and the way to achieve that is by voting Conservative on 2 May.
This year, the Government announced a further £600 million in extra funding for local councils—a real-terms increase, as has been the case in every single year of this Parliament.
But we all know what happens when Labour is in charge—whether it is racking up debt in Warrington, as my hon.
Friend said, increasing council tax by 21% in Labour-run Birmingham, slashing services in Nottingham, or, as I have just said, higher crime on average in each Labour police and crime commissioner area.
It is crystal clear that, whenever Labour is in charge, it is working people who pay the price.
While 64,000 people are on the waiting list for a council house in the west midlands, families are living in hotels, cold and damp homes and mouldy flats.
The Mayor of the West Midlands, Andy Street, has built 46 social homes in eight years.
Does the Prime Minister think that that is good enough?
Andy Street is absolutely delivering for the west midlands.
Unlike the Labour Mayor in London, he has delivered on all his housing targets.
It is the Labour-run council in Birmingham that is imposing on the hon.
Lady’s constituents and others a 21% council tax rise, and what are they getting in exchange?
Six hundred job losses and cuts to services.
On some streets, they are even turning off the lights.
What Labour has done to Birmingham the Conservatives will never let it do to Britain.
I ask the Prime Minister to thank my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Transport for holding further meetings with Hitachi this morning—and, indeed, with the union representatives.
We were all glad to see what happened with Alstom yesterday, but it is important that we do the same to support the factories up at Hitachi in Aycliffe.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his role in championing the rail industry in the UK.
As he rightly said, the Department for Transport and the Secretary of State have been actively engaged with companies to ensure that we have a robust supply chain.
As my hon.
Friend knows, we are investing record amounts in rail, particularly in the north, and we are pleased to see that that is being delivered.
The Prime Minister is no doubt aware of the collapse of SSB Law, and many constituents, including hundreds in my constituency, have been affected and have bills of up to hundreds of thousands.
One constituent had to sell his wedding gifts, and his father had a heart attack with the stress.
People are having to raid their pension pots; they are  getting bills, and bailiffs are knocking on the door.
Will the Prime Minister meet me and my constituents’ representatives on the collapse of SSB Law, and make sure that the Government respond to this injustice that has happened to people across the country?
I am sorry to hear about the situation impacting the hon.
Lady’s constituents.
I will be more than happy to make sure that the right Minister looks into it and that we get back to her as soon as possible.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs if he will make a statement on the humanitarian situation in Gaza.