When we receive it, we will make our final decision, and we will come to Parliament to explain that decision.
As I have also highlighted—and, more importantly, as the Development Minister has highlighted—we recognise the vital role that UNRWA plays.
The Foreign Secretary was very proud to announce that the United Kingdom had set up a contact group for the middle east, which has members from Europe, the middle east and the United States.
There is a key link to the humanitarian situation in Palestine and Gaza, in that all the group’s members, and the European Commission, have decided to fund UNRWA.
The contact group aims to find a solution in the middle east.
Why is it taking us so long to make a decision, when our European counterparts have made theirs?
I also ask the Minister to ask the Foreign Secretary—I have raised this with him and the Prime Minister—to set up an international donors conference for Palestine, as we did in the case of the Friends of Syria.
We need to move forward urgently, and show our leadership on this matter, as the situation is getting critical.
As I have said, and I will say it again, we will wait for the final Colonna report before we make a decision on UNRWA.
This situation was particularly concerning, so we need that report in order to make a decision.
My hon.
Friend will remember that we trebled the amount of aid we provide to the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
Now our task is to make sure that we can do that, and find ways to get that aid in.
Yesterday, Oxford doctors Nick Maynard and Deborah Harrington briefed parliamentarians very movingly on their experiences of treating people in Gaza.
They impressed on us how important it was that they were kept safe, and how many of their colleagues had died.
I am sure that the Minister and the whole House will thank them for their tireless work, as well as other aid workers, and anyone who gives over their safety to save others.
They also pointed out that the malnutrition that we see is making patients more vulnerable to infectious diseases.
A report released by the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine projected that if the situation continues as it is, there will be 74,000 excess deaths—that is, that number will die, over and beyond the number who have died by bombs, if something is not done.[Official Report,  18 April 2024 ; Vol.
748, c. 6WC.] (
Correction) Does the Minister agree that we need not only an immediate bilateral ceasefire, but rebuilding of the medical situation in Gaza now, not later, because that is what is stopping people getting the life-saving treatment that they desperately need?
I join the hon.
Member in praising the vital work of aid workers in the most challenging of circumstances, and I highlight the courage and bravery that they demonstrate.
Obviously, we want to create conditions in which they can operate more safely.
She calls for a ceasefire.
We call for a pause that can lead to a sustainable ceasefire.
Of course, as we move to such a situation, some of the things she talked about, particularly the extra medical support, can be provided.
Access to the north of Gaza for those providing humanitarian aid is still dire, and 28 children are reported to have died of malnutrition and dehydration.
UNRWA continues to be disproportionately affected by access restrictions, and it was last able to deliver food to northern Gaza at the end of January.
As we have heard, other countries are restoring funding to UNRWA, including the United States, so why are we taking so long?
We want to see the report, and then we will make our final decision.
We recognise the important role of UNRWA, and we also recognise the importance of opening a crossing in northern Gaza, as my hon.
Friend highlighted in her opening point.