Friend and saw the benefits of reopening Barnstaple bus station, and it is clear that the local Liberal Democrats should just get on and do it.
We now come to the Leader of the Opposition.
I, too, welcome the postmasters in the Gallery, in their quest for justice.
This week we marked 35 years since the disaster at Hillsborough, and the enduring courage and determination of the families must be marked by the passing of a Hillsborough law.
We also lost Lord Richard Rosser, a lifelong member of the Labour party.
He will be greatly missed, and our thoughts are with his wife Sheena and his family and friends.
I am privileged to be the proud owner of a copy of the former Prime Minister’s new book.
It is a rare unsigned copy; it is the only unsigned copy.
It is quite the read.
She claims that the Tory party’s disastrous kamikaze Budget, which triggered chaos for millions, was the “happiest moment” of her premiership.
Has the Prime Minister met anyone with a mortgage who agrees?
All I would say is that the right hon.
and learned Gentleman ought to spend a bit less time reading that book, and a bit more time reading the Deputy Leader’s tax advice. [
Interruption.]
Order.
I want to get through Prime Minister’s questions.
We have a billionaire Prime Minister, and a billionaire—[Interruption.]
Both of whose families have used schemes to avoid millions of pounds of tax, smearing a working-class woman. [
Interruption.]
The former Prime Minister has a long list of people to blame for the economic misery.
Conservative Members do not want to hear it, but they made her Prime Minister, and millions of people are paying the price.
She blames the Governor of the Bank of England, the Treasury, the Office for Budget Responsibility.
The American President is blamed at one point.
We even learn that the poor old lettuce was part of the “deep state”.
Does the Prime Minister agree that it is actually much simpler than that?
It was the Tories’ unfunded tax cuts—tens of billions of pounds of unfunded tax cuts—that crashed the economy and left millions paying more for their mortgages, wasn’t it?
Everyone knows that two years ago I was not afraid to repeatedly warn about what my predecessor’s economic policies would lead to, even if it was not what people wanted to hear at the time.
I was right then, but I am also right now when I say that the right hon.
and learned Gentleman’s economic policies would be a disaster for Britain.
He would send inflation up, mortgages up and taxes up, and working people would pay the price.
I appreciate the Prime Minister having the stomach to say that out loud, but everyone knows that it is the Tory party’s obsession with wild, unfunded tax cuts that crashed the economy.
We know it, he knows it and his party knows it, and the whole country is living it.
When is he finally going to learn the lesson from his predecessor’s mistakes and explain where the money is coming from for his own completely unfunded £46 billion promise to scrap national insurance?
When my predecessor was running for leader, I did have—to use the right hon.
and learned Gentleman’s words—the stomach to argue out loud about her economic policies.
I had the conviction to say  that they were wrong—not once, but twice.
He tried to make his predecessor Prime Minister, despite him opposing NATO and Trident, ignoring antisemitism and siding with our enemies.
It is clear what the right hon.
and learned Gentleman did: he put his own interests ahead of Britain’s.
Actually, when the Prime Minister was running for leader, he explained how he was funnelling money from poor areas to pay it into richer areas.
We know what his record is.