It was a pleasure to address Members of the Ukrainian Parliament when I visited Ukraine earlier this year.
Indeed, it was my first foreign visit of the year; I was the first foreign leader to visit Ukraine and President Zelensky to demonstrate our strong support for the Ukrainian people at their moment of struggle against Russian aggression.
We have increased the amount of support we have given to Ukraine this year— the first major country to do so—and a big part of that support concerns air defence.
Where we have led in supporting Ukraine’s efforts, we will continue to do so and continue to encourage other countries around the world to step up and match our leadership, because we all want to see a future for Ukraine based on freedom from tyranny.
On a recent visit to Pimlico, in my constituency, the Prime Minister heard directly from local people concerned about the eye-watering rise in violent crime and robbery.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that the London Labour Mayor has failed to take advantage of extra Government funding to recruit more police, and that on 2 May Londoners can send him a very clear message that he has let them down?
Sadiq Khan is failing London.
While burglary is down across England, it is up in London.
Violent crime is down across England, but up in London.
The Labour Mayor is the only one of 43 police and crime commissioners to have missed his police recruitment target.
Londoners will have the chance to speak when they cast their votes on  2 May .
I hope that they kick him out because we all know they will be safer with Susan Hall.
My local community is reeling from the discovery of 35 bodies and unidentifiable cremated ashes at a local funeral home.
The pain was made worse when people realised that the funeral plans they had used their life savings for were fake.
Does the Prime Minister agree that in these unique and limited circumstances banks should offer discretion when deciding if chargeback applies to payment refunds?
I express my sympathies to the families affected by the case that the hon.
Lady raises.
I believe the Ministry of Justice is urgently looking at the matter.
I will ensure someone gets in touch with her as soon as possible.
Robotic surgery allows laparoscopic surgery to be performed with increased precision, flexibility and control.
This can result in reduced patient complication rates, reduced lengths of stay in hospital and reduced hospital readmission.
However, there is currently no robotic surgery provision in Cornwall.
As a result, residents of Cornwall must travel to Devon for robotic procedures, a journey of more than 80 miles for those from west Cornwall and 120 miles for those from the Isles of Scilly.
Will the Prime Minister commit to ringfence capital funding for Cornwall to establish a robotic surgery service, and address the health inequalities our constituents have lived with for far too long?
I thank my hon.
Friend for highlighting the potential of this innovative technology for patient care.
I am delighted that more generally Cornwall is benefiting from our new hospital programme, providing a new women and children’s hospital at the Royal Cornwall Hospital, in the centre of Cornwall, which he and I discussed when I was last with him.
NHS England is actively exploring opportunities to expand robotic-assisted surgery.
Any decisions on funding new allocations will factor in health inequalities, such as areas with less access to robots to date.
I will ensure that the current access to robotic surgery in my hon.
Friend’s local community is appropriately considered by the relevant health Minister.
The Prime Minister told us on Monday that he was off to make a telephone call to Mr Netanyahu, to urge restraint on a Government that have killed and maimed well over 100,000 people in six months, 72% of them women and children.