That is exactly why my right hon.
Friend and I completely agree that the people of Teesside should vote Ben Houchen and vote Conservative.
Last year, in Shropshire, 10,000 people waited for more than 24 hours in A&E. That is 10,000 people over 65 waiting on hard plastic chairs or on trolleys in our accident and emergency department.
The Prime Minister tells us that he has got a plan for the NHS, but people in North Shropshire want to know how long they will have to wait for him to get on and fix the issues where we are.
With the record funding that we are putting into the NHS, our urgent and emergency care plan is delivering more ambulances and more beds, with faster discharge through our hospitals to speed the flow, and that plan is working.
Of course there is more to do, but this winter we saw ambulance and A&E waiting times improve from the year before for the first time in many years, and if we stick to the plan, we will continue to deliver improvement for the hon.
Lady’s constituents and everyone else.
In 2010, somebody earning £15,000 a year paid £1,700 in income tax.
Today, somebody earning £15,000 a year pays less than £500 of tax.
Does the Prime Minister agree that this has helped to create jobs, growth and self-reliance?
My hon.
Friend is quite right.
Because of our plan, the economy has, after a tough few years, turned the corner.
Inflation has fallen from over 11% to 3.2%, and it is forecast to return back to target in just a few months—a year ahead of expectations.
That is why we have been able to cut people’s taxes.
As he mentions, the tax cut is worth £900 for an average worker.
That is part of our plan to end the long-term unfairness of the double taxation on work.
Four years ago, my constituent Juliana was drugged and raped by her then boyfriend.
After his conviction, Juliana  was advised that reading a transcript of his trial would help her to come to terms with her experience.
But when she requested that transcript, she was told that she would have to pay more than £7,000.
Astonishingly, Juliana is not alone.
I have heard about victims who have been quoted fees of up to £22,000 just to read trial transcripts that are part of their own story.
Justice should not have a price tag.
The Liberal Democrat amendment to the Victims and Prisoners Bill would give all victims the right to read sentencing remarks and summings-up free of charge.
Julian is here in the Gallery today, and she asks whether the Prime Minister will support that amendment.
Will he look her in the eye and say yes?
I am extremely sorry to hear about Juliana’s case, and my sympathy is with her and her family.
We are committed to improving victims’ access to court transcripts to help them move on and rebuild their lives.
We already offer a free service to families of homicide victims, for example.
That is why we have already committed to a one-year pilot to help identify the current demand and to inform our next steps.
Alongside this, we are actively looking at other options to immediately reduce the costs.
Bracknell Forest Council has a particular challenge with special educational needs, and I am keen to support it.
I am grateful to the Government for the recent SEND review, the significant increase in resources and the bespoke safety valve programme for Bracknell, but additional school places are needed now.
Will the Prime Minister please agree today to release the funding for our new SEND units at Sandhurst and Edgbarrow schools, and commit to fully funding up front our new SEND school in Crowthorne?
I thank my hon.
Friend for highlighting how Bracknell Forest Council has worked positively with the Department for Education through the safety valve programme.