Humanitarian agencies have concluded that we have passed the point of being able to avert famine in Gaza.
Whatever we do now, we will be too late for those people who will have starved to death by the time aid arrives, and that is a stain on the international community.
Will the Minister update the House on what specific steps the Government have taken to bring about the full implementation of resolution 2728, which was passed by the UN Security Council over three weeks ago?
Pleading with, pressuring and pressing the Israeli Government is clearly not a strategy that is working, so why do the UK Government not recognise that consequences and concrete actions can start with the stopping of arms sales to Israel?
We are urging, we are pleading and we are doing everything that we can to make our case.
We are also trebling the amount of aid to £100 million.
As I have said, we are also taking action to have this lifesaving aid corridor by sea to Gaza.
Those are important actions that we are taking forward.
Having seen the drone attacks on Israel at the weekend, it is disappointing to watch the Government and the US Administration basically telling the Israelis to roll over and accept this aggression by Iran.
It was, however, encouraging to see an alliance of air forces assist the Israelis to protect their people.
I wonder why there is little condemnation of this aggression against Israel and little continued acknowledgement that had  7 October  never happened, none of this would be happening.
What are the Government doing to ensure that both Gazans and Israelis are free from Hamas and Iranian aggression respectively and can live normal lives?
As we say in the UK, Israel has the right to defend itself.
I agree and the Government agree that Israel has the right to defend itself.
As part of our approach to enabling a sustainable ceasefire to be put in place, Hamas have to be put clearly in their place.
They must not have the influence they have at the moment, and their ability to fire rockets into Israel needs to be completely diminished to enable that sustainable ceasefire.
The Minister will know that his words are not cutting through.
Hamas were wrong to reject the ceasefire, but what Israel does next is not inevitable.
Yet the Israeli Minister for Defence on Monday evening said that Israel was waiting for aid to be delivered to Rafah and for civilians to leave, and then it would begin the military operation.
He will know that there is nowhere for these people to go and there is no food elsewhere.
It is an impossible choice for people.
A few pitta breads will not cut it for millions of people at risk of starvation and at risk of harm from a military operation in Rafah.
What can the UK do if Israel proceeds with its threat to enter Rafah?
As the hon.
Member knows, I respect her enormously, and we have worked together on a number of issues.
On her vitally important point, we want to urge restraint about this proposed military operation by the Israelis.
We are also calling for restraint in response to what has happened with Iran, although notably the RAF and others were there to provide support to defend Israel from that attack.
The Foreign Secretary is in Israel and the region this week to tackle these very issues and to address the points I have made.
On Monday, in response to my question about restoring UNRWA funding, the Prime Minister said that, along with allies, he was “reviewing the interim findings”.
In subsequent responses to other Members, he said he was waiting for a final report, which is due towards the end of the month, on  20 April .
Can we have a Government statement on Monday in which the Government set out a clear pathway back to restoring funding?