I am pleased that it has benefited from £250,000 in UK support.
It would be my pleasure to visit my hon.
Friend’s constituency in Kettering, and I believe we have a date soon.
Following the confidence and supply agreement with the previous Government, Northern Ireland should have virtually 100% access to fibre broadband, which is a first in any of these islands.
Does the Minister agree that Northern Ireland and other regions in the UK should take full advantage of that broadband access to maximise employment opportunities across these islands?
Absolutely.
The hon.
Gentleman is right about the importance of gigabit broadband to the economy.
I am very glad to say that 95% of Northern Ireland has that access—the highest percentage in the country.
That is a tribute to the work done between central Government and the Northern Ireland Assembly.
Why should people living in rural areas be second-class citizens when it comes to mobile phone coverage?
We agree; that is why we have the shared rural network programme, which is dealing with a lot of those notspot problems.
Black students studying science, technology, engineering and maths subjects are leaving education in great numbers.
What is the Minister doing to identify the challenges and help the progression of black students in STEM subjects?
The Government are absolutely committed to expanding STEM opportunities.
A key way of doing that is building mathematical capabilities and helping girls and minorities to stick with maths, which is why the Prime Minister has announced our ambition to see all young people receive maths education until they are 18.
There is a high incidence of respiratory disease in Amber Valley.
What more can the Government do to increase investment in research on respiratory conditions in the areas that need that research most?
The Medical Research Council is benefiting from the highest ever level of research spending, but I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to talk about what more we can do in this important area.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 17 April.
We are joined today in the Gallery by postmasters caught up in the Horizon IT scandal.
It is one of the greatest miscarriages of justice in our history, which is why we have introduced a Bill to quash convictions, delivered schemes to ensure swift compensation, and established an independent inquiry.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in the House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that towns such as Barnstaple—the main transport hub in North Devon, serving hundreds of square miles—should have a fully functioning bus station?
Liberal Democrat-run North Devon Council has not reopened ours since the pandemic, leaving residents out in the cold with no public facilities.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that, as people start to feel the difference as a result of tax cuts and falling inflation, we should be making it easier for people to use the bus, come to town and support Barnstaple’s local economy?
Will he join me in calling on the Lib Dems to get on with reopening the bus station?
We know how vital bus services are for communities right across the country.
That is why we are providing Devon with £17 million to deliver better bus services, and we introduced the £2 fare bus cap.
I know that my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Transport recently visited my hon.
Friend and saw the benefits of reopening Barnstaple bus station, and it is clear that the local Liberal Democrats should just get on and do it.
We now come to the Leader of the Opposition.
I, too, welcome the postmasters in the Gallery, in their quest for justice.