We also remain laser-focused on implementing the landmark Online Safety Act, which will make Britain the safest place to be online.
Last month we saw the first sentencing under the cyber-flashing offences that we brought in in January.
A fast and reliable internet connection is vital for everyday life and so many local businesses.
I conducted a broadband survey in East Devon, which showed that some rural parts of my constituency sadly still lag behind, such as Sidbury, Fluxton, Marsh Green and Talaton.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure that broadband providers improve connections across our county?
I am glad to say that over 75% of premises in my hon.
Friend’s constituency can access gigabit-capable broadband.
That is up from 6% in 2019, but we want to do more, so we have included mid and east Devon in our cross-regional framework for Project Gigabit.
That is currently undertaking pre-procurement market engagement.
We hope to give him news very soon.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The first act of the Prime Minister was to promise a Government of professionalism and integrity, yet here we have a Secretary of State who uses her position to accuse a British scientist of being a terrorist sympathiser.
She goes on to use public money to settle her libel case and then she tries to cover up just how much taxpayers’ money she has wasted.
Are those the actions of someone with integrity and professionalism—yes or no?
As the Minister responsible for UK Research and Innovation, I was alerted to a tweet by officials in my Department, which stated, “This is disturbing”
and to the comment:
“Suella Braverman urges police to crack down on Hamas support in UK”,
with no further context or wording.
That was posted by a representative of an equality, diversity and inclusion board that sits under UKRI.
At the time, like many others, I was indeed concerned and used the forum that the person used to alert UKRI to my concerns.
This was highlighted using that medium, but on receipt of the letter, UKRI itself said that it was deeply concerned and launched an investigation.
WhatsApp can be very handy, but it can also be very dangerous.
Its end-to-end encryption means that even the most vile illegal content, such as child sexual abuse, cannot be policed or prevented.
Given the obvious dangers to children, does the Secretary of State agree that it is woefully irresponsible of Meta to reduce the age for using WhatsApp to 13?
We are pro-innovation, but also pro-privacy.
However, it is clearly not right for anyone to be exposed on any service to harms such as sexual abuse, extortion or grooming.
Platforms must have robust processes in place to safeguard children, in line with the Online Safety Act 2023.
Responsible encryption has an important role to play in protecting privacy, but it should not compromise safety, and Ofcom will take robust action when that is compromised.
At the Lords Science and Technology Committee, the Secretary of State said there had been no surveillance of academics in that case.
What was the evidence, then, on which she based her decision to write to the UKRI chief executive?
I have answered that multiple times.
An official alerted me to those concerns.
I then saw the tweet myself and asked the Department for further advice.
The Kettering-based company In2tec is the only company in the world that can manufacture and completely recycle circuit board technology.
The potential for it and for the UK is huge.
Will the Minister for Science, Research and Innovation be kind enough please to visit In2tec in Kettering to see this groundbreaking innovation for himself?
In2tec is indeed a great example of innovation in sustainable electronics.
I am pleased that it has benefited from £250,000 in UK support.
It would be my pleasure to visit my hon.
Friend’s constituency in Kettering, and I believe we have a date soon.