and learned Gentleman did: he put his own interests ahead of Britain’s.
Actually, when the Prime Minister was running for leader, he explained how he was funnelling money from poor areas to pay it into richer areas.
We know what his record is.
I notice the Prime Minister is not denying the £46 billion promise to scrap national insurance, but he is refusing to say where the money will come from.
We have been trying for months to get to the bottom of this, so now is his chance.
No more spin, no more waffle, no more diversion—I know that will be difficult.
This is the choice: either he can cut the state pension or the NHS, which national insurance funds—that is route one—or he can put up income tax.
Which one is it?
We have just cut taxes by £900 for a typical worker.
We have delivered the biggest tax cut for businesses since the 1980s.
But while we are cutting taxes, Labour is already putting them up.
In Wales, it is putting up taxes right now for small businesses.
In Birmingham, it is putting up council tax by 21%.
In London, the Labour Mayor has put up taxes by 70%.
This is just a glimpse of what they would do if they got into power.
A few weeks ago, the right hon.
and learned Gentleman finally admitted it to The Sun.
What did he say he would do?
He said, “We would put up taxes.”
It is always the same: higher taxes, and working people paying the price.
No single politician has ever put tax up more times than the Prime Minister has.
But hang on, he was just given the chance to rule out cutting the NHS or state pensions to pay for scrapping national insurance.
I was a lawyer long enough to know when someone is avoiding the question, so I am going to give him another chance.
Will he now rule out cuts to the NHS, cuts to the state pension or putting up taxes to pay for his unfunded £46 billion promise to scrap national insurance?
Which is it?
I make absolutely no apology about wanting to end the unfairness of the double taxation on work.
The NHS is receiving record funding under this Conservative Government.
Pensioners have just received a £900 increase under this Government.
If the right hon.
and learned Gentleman wants to talk about tax, let us have a look at what Labour’s brand newly appointed tax adviser has to say.
This adviser thinks that supporting pensioners is “a complete disgrace”.
He believes their free TV licences are “ridiculous”.
If it was not bad enough, this adviser has called for increases in income tax, national insurance and VAT.
It all makes sense now—that is who the shadow Chancellor has been copying and pasting from.
This is genuinely extraordinary: two chances to rule out cuts to state pensions, cuts to the NHS, or income tax rises to fund his promise to abolish national insurance—[Interruption.]
Order.
Mr Holden, I want you to set a good example, not a bad one.
This really matters.
The Prime Minister has had two chances to rule out cuts to the NHS, cuts to pensions or tax rises.
This matters to millions of people watching who will want to know what is going to happen to their NHS and pensions—[Interruption.]
It really does matter to millions of people who are watching, so I will be really generous now and give him one last chance.
It is very simple and very clear.
Is his £46 billion promise to abolish national insurance being paid for by cuts to the NHS, cuts to the state pension or yet another Tory tax rise?
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman has really got to keep up.
It is this Government who have just delivered a £900 increase to the state pension.