The right hon.
and learned Gentleman has really got to keep up.
It is this Government who have just delivered a £900 increase to the state pension.
It is this Government who have already committed to the triple lock for the next Parliament.
He has had six opportunities, but I do not think I heard him say that.
When it comes to the NHS, you would much rather be treated in the Conservative-run NHS in England than in the Labour-run NHS in Wales.
It is another week where all we have heard is political sniping.
Not a word about their plans for the country.
He has failed to acknowledge that since we last met, taxes have been cut by £900, the state pension has gone up, free childcare has been expanded, wages have risen for nine months in a row and just today, inflation is down again, to 3.2%.
Our plan is working and the Conservatives are delivering a brighter future for Britain.
Mr Speaker, you will not be surprised to learn that I very much welcome the £20 million allocated to Carlton in my constituency as part of the long-term plan for towns.
I am eager to see that this money is spent according to local wishes.
I know that there will be consultations following the setting up of the town board, so will my right hon.
Friend join me in urging Carlton residents to take part in those forthcoming consultations to make sure that their voices are heard and to ensure that this money is spent on what the people want?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his tireless campaigning on behalf of the residents of Carlton.
Our long-term plan for towns means that 75 towns across the country including Carlton will benefit from £20 million each to invest in their local area.
Crucially, as he has said, it will be in the hands of local people to decide on their priorities for the place where they live.
Whether it is regenerating local high streets, investing in parks and green spaces or tackling antisocial behaviour, we are levelling up across the country and he deserves enormous praise for his role in securing that investment.
I call the Scottish National party leader.
This week, a former Prime Minister who oversaw a financial crash before being unceremoniously turfed from office told the public the truth—and I am not referring to that one, Mr Speaker.
On Monday, Gordon Brown told the people of these isles that
“the forces pulling Britain apart are greater than the forces holding it together”.
Maybe the Prime Minister can find some time this afternoon to agree with just one of his predecessors?
Where I do agree with my predecessor very strongly is that Scotland would be far stronger inside the United Kingdom.
Gordon Brown was also correct in stating that Scottish independence is not simply off the agenda.
Those remarks were echoed just yesterday by the general secretary of the Scottish Trades Union Congress, who stated that it remained an unresolved issue—[Laughter.]
Conservative Members may laugh at her, but she went on to say:
“That can be a very dangerous place to end up in when you are not allowing people to express their wishes in a democratic manner.”
Does the Prime Minister welcome the fulsome, wholehearted and warm support of the Labour party in denying the people of Scotland the opportunity to have a say over their own future?
We did have a democratic vote on that topic, but I would suggest to the SNP that, rather than obsessing about independence, and wasting time cracking down on free speech and trying to lock up J. K. Rowling, he should focus on what the people of Scotland care about: schools, hospitals, jobs and our new tax cuts.
I abhor a two-tier policing system, and we must ensure that everyone is treated equally under the rule of law.