Their actions provoked terrible atrocities in Israel back in October, which we find abhorrent.
Now we want to ensure that we find a way of tackling the terrible humanitarian situation, as I have described, and tackling further destabilising activity by Iran.
In reply to my written question on  15 April , the Minister said:
“We want UNRWA to give detailed undertakings about changes in personnel, policy and precedents”.
Has the Minister, or any of his colleagues, actively sought those undertakings and changes from UNRWA by contacting it directly?
If so, in what state was that request last made?
The broader issue about UNRWA is that we are waiting for the final report and then we can make decisions.
I will raise the hon.
Gentleman’s detailed points with the Minister of State, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Sutton Coldfield (Mr Mitchell) , and get back to him.
Will the Minister confirm that it is inconceivable that the money we would earmark for UNRWA will not be given this year, and will he either set out what alternative agencies he thinks could do achieve the same outcomes on the ground, or confirm that we will have to give UNRWA the money anyway, in which case we might as well get on with it?
I have already said that UNRWA carries out important work and has a vital role, but the concerns about its activities mean that we must have this report.
We then want to look at our approach and our funding in relation to that.
Oxfam has reported that 1.1 million people are projected to be facing catastrophic levels of food insecurity in Gaza, and children are now starving.
Samantha Power, administrator for USAID, told the US Congress last week that northern Gaza is now experiencing famine.
Do the Government share that assessment, and how will aid get there?
We continue to be very concerned about the humanitarian challenges in Gaza and, as I have highlighted, we are pressing hard and taking steps ourselves.
We have increased the amount of aid that we are committing to the region, and we are focusing laser-like in seeking that Israel should step up to the commitments it has made.
It has already made limited progress; we need to see more.
Israel’s right to self-defence comes with clear responsibility.
Gaza has become a conflict hellhole, and the delivery of more humanitarian aid from the international community, including the UN, is non-discretionary.
Will the Minister please confirm that everything possible is being done with the Israeli Government to ensure that non-combatants are being supported and are not being inadvertently targeted or hit?
We have highlighted that with the Israeli Government, and I confirm that we are pushing incredibly heard.
Not only are we increasing the amount of aid that we give to the region, but we want to ensure that it gets through.
We have already deployed a number of airdrops, which have helped, but a lot more needs to be done.
As has been said, more than 33,000 people have been killed, 70% of whom are women and children.
The International Court of Justice has warned of genocide, and more than a million people have been left starving while almost 2 million are displaced from their homes.
Even as the Foreign Office’s own legal advice, which it continually refuses to make public, is purported to declare that the Israeli military are breaking international law, and as the UN Security Council passed a resolution calling for an immediate ceasefire, the reality remains that nothing has changed: bombs are still falling, children are still starving, and civilians are still dying.
Let me ask the Minister a simple question: does international humanitarian law mean anything anymore, when the UK and the international community continue to refuse to draw a line?
I understand the hon.
Gentleman’s passion and concern about the area, and we continue to have grave concerns about humanitarian access.