Does the Prime Minister welcome the fulsome, wholehearted and warm support of the Labour party in denying the people of Scotland the opportunity to have a say over their own future?
We did have a democratic vote on that topic, but I would suggest to the SNP that, rather than obsessing about independence, and wasting time cracking down on free speech and trying to lock up J. K. Rowling, he should focus on what the people of Scotland care about: schools, hospitals, jobs and our new tax cuts.
I abhor a two-tier policing system, and we must ensure that everyone is treated equally under the rule of law.
The Labour police and crime commissioner who investigated the beergate scandal handed their police chief constable a new three-year contract while the investigation into the Labour party leader and deputy leader was ongoing.
Now, two former MPs are overseeing the force due to investigate the Labour deputy leader.
Does the Prime Minister agree that complete transparency throughout this investigation is of the utmost importance?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
A key principle of our country is that there are the same rules for everyone.
On this topic, the Labour leader should show some leadership: stop reading the legal advice; simply publish it and get a grip of the situation.
It says a lot about his priorities that, with his famed legal expertise, he is more than happy to help defend Hizb ut-Tahrir but refuses to help his deputy.
The recently published Kenova report makes it clear that the IRA was riddled with British agents from top to bottom.
Those agents were involved in the abduction, torture and murder of British and Irish citizens.
The British Government—successive British Governments—knew all about it and did nothing.
The report also calls for an apology from the Government to those victims.
Will the Prime Minister take this opportunity to make that apology?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, the report is an interim one.
As the Secretary of State has laid out, we cannot comment on the findings until we get the final report, but we would never condone wrongdoing where there is evidence of that.
I will also say, because it is not said enough, that the overwhelming majority of the police, armed forces and intelligence services served with great distinction.
They defended democracy in the face of some horrendous violence, and without their service and their sacrifice, there would  have been no peace process.
They helped ensure that the future of Northern Ireland will never be decided by violence but by the consent of its people.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree—we do not agree on everything—that anyone who want to see why the Government introduced strong Mayors need look only at Ben Houchen in the Tees Valley?
From saving our airport to introducing our freeport to bringing steelmaking back, Ben delivers.
Does my right hon.
Friend also agree that the best thing is that Ben has done this without charging any mayoral tax, which his Labour opponent would need to do to fund his unfunded spending plans?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise the great work of Ben Houchen.
I share his concerns about the pledges of the Labour candidate—over £130 million of unfunded spending, showing that Labour cannot be trusted.
We see the results in Labour-run Birmingham, with taxes going up by 20%.
The story of Labour in local government is one of working people paying the price.
That is exactly why my right hon.
Friend and I completely agree that the people of Teesside should vote Ben Houchen and vote Conservative.
Last year, in Shropshire, 10,000 people waited for more than 24 hours in A&E. That is 10,000 people over 65 waiting on hard plastic chairs or on trolleys in our accident and emergency department.