My hon.
Friend is completely right to raise the record—in his words, the shambolic record—of his local Labour-run council.
What I can say to reassure him and other colleagues is that I have engaged with local authority leaders to explain to them exactly what this change means for them, what we expect them to do, and what they should be doing on behalf of their residents to make sure the money is spent properly to protect the rivers, seas and lakes, and get houses built.
Is it not the case that the only ones blocking the development of the houses that we need, including genuinely affordable social housing—a pitiful number were built last year; I think it was just over 7,000—are those on the Government Benches?
It is the Tory Government who are the blockers of housing development to meet housing need.
That is the case, is it not, Minister?
It might sound very nice on the hon.
Gentleman’s Facebook clip, but if he actually looks at the facts he will find it is Conservative-run councils that have, on the whole, delivered more houses over the last few years in responding to the needs of their constituents, and Labour-run councils that are experiencing significant failures in delivering the houses that their residents need.
The Minister has lifted a blight from my constituency, but as a result of these measures we are all going to be swimming in cleaner water as well, aren’t we?
We are, and I look forward to joining my right hon.
Friend in swimming in some cleaner water very soon.
The Minister rightly said that too many house building companies were going bust, but may I gently suggest that that is a consequence of the Government’s crashing the economy last year, inflation pushing up the cost of materials, and a skills shortage?
The Government claim that their approach will see 100,000 permissions expedited between now and 2030, but given this context, what is that assessment actually based on, and has the Minister consulted local authorities?
Yes, we have consulted local authorities, and I make no apologies for standing up and taking action when it is needed to help small builders in particular.
The diversity of the sector in this country, unlike that in other countries, is disproportionately skewed towards larger developers, and it is therefore right for us, as a Conservative Government, to back small businesses.
We understand what people go through to start a business, which is why we are taking action to help them.
I welcome the Government’s balanced approach, which will improve the long-term quality of the River Stour in my constituency while allowing much-needed planning permissions for new homes to start again.
Thousands of people, very sensibly, want to live in Ashford, and they want to see new homes built, not least in accordance with the local plan rather than being built opportunistically around the place, which is what the delays in permissions have  led to.
Can the Minister give us some indication of a timescale and when councils such as Ashford can start granting planning permissions again?
My right hon.
Friend is entirely correct and I thank him for his support.
We need to wait for the Levelling-up and Regeneration Bill to achieve Royal Assent—it must, of course, undergo parliamentary scrutiny in both Houses—but we are working apace.
We have already started that engagement with local authorities and partners, Natural England and others, to ensure that they have all the operational detail that they need.
What we need to see are spades in the ground as soon as possible.
It is clear from the Minister’s replies that her statutory adviser, Natural England, opposed this move, so will she please publish its advice?
Instead of letting developers and water companies off the hook and pouring even more sewage into our waterways, why does she not take the advice of her right hon.