I am delighted to rise today to bring before the House our landmark Energy Bill for its consideration.
This world-leading, historic Bill—a Conservative Bill—will deliver for this country cleaner, cheaper and more secure energy.
It will level up this country, while contributing to levelling down bills for the British people.
It will unleash new technology, liberate   private investment in clean technologies, modernise and future-proof our energy network, and deliver for this country and for future generations.
The United Kingdom already has a great story to tell on reducing our carbon emissions.
We have reduced our emissions faster than any other G7 nation.
We were the first European nation to legislate for net zero.
We have the first oil and gas basin dedicated to going net zero and the first, second, third and fourth-largest offshore wind farms in the world operating and generating power off the coast of Great Britain right now.
We have eliminated our reliance on coal.
We have grown to more than 40% of energy being generated by renewables.
We have announced further investment in carbon capture, usage and storage, and we are pressing ahead with Great British Nuclear, which I launched two months ago with an exciting programme for small modular reactors.
We are on track to deliver 24 GW of nuclear power on the grid by 2025.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer was asked—
What discussions he has had with the Secretary of State for Transport on the cost of HS2.
The Chancellor launched the efficiency and savings review in the autumn statement to focus on the Government’s priorities and identify ways in which to work more efficiently and help to manage budgetary pressures from higher inflation.
The Secretary of State for Transport and I discussed the costs of HS2 during the review, which helped to inform the decision to rephase certain parts of the project as part of balancing the nation’s books.
The travel between north and south is the bit of transport infrastructure that works; it is the travel across the north that does not work.
What would the cost of HS2 have to reach for the Government to conclude that it no longer represents value for money for the taxpayer, or are the Government pursuing the essentially socialist policy that they will keep paying for this ridiculous white elephant irrespective of the final bill?
I took the precaution of researching my hon.
Friend’s interest in this subject, and I note that he was issuing challenges on it 14 years ago.
The Government remain—as they were then—fully committed to delivering HS2 and the integrated rail plan.
This is a long-term investment that will bring our biggest cities closer to each other.
It will boost productivity, and will provide a low-carbon alternative to cars and planes for many decades to come.
As my hon.
Friend knows, we are also working, through the IRP, on a £96 billion package to improve inter-regional rail connections, which obviously affects his constituents.
Does the Minister agree that this country’s performance on productivity has been pitiful over the last 10 years?
There has been virtually no improvement in productivity, and one reason for that is our lack of investment in national infrastructure.
Slowing down HS2 is a bad move when it comes to improving our infrastructure, and it is years since we agreed to a third runway at Heathrow.
Does the Minister agree that if we are to improve our productivity, we have to invest in infrastructure?
I can agree with the hon.
Gentleman that the investment of £600 billion in infrastructure in all parts of the country to which the Government are committed is critical to easing the productivity challenge that has faced successive Governments, and the Chancellor will introduce measures in the autumn statement to address it further.
HS2’s costs have ballooned since it was first conceived under the last Labour Government.
As my right hon.