I was present on the day the Chancellor came to launch the investment zone in my constituency, and of course I too welcome the investment into Boeing there.
Does he accept that one of the other areas for future development in the investment zone is small modular reactors?
A consortium is being developed in Sheffield with Sheffield Forgemasters, Rolls-Royce and GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy to look at the future—not merely to develop the techniques for SMRs, but to start building SMRs in Sheffield.
Would he be willing to look at that proposal and hopefully offer support for it?
I enjoyed meeting the hon.
Gentleman when we opened that investment zone.
Let me reassure him that I am a big supporter of nuclear and I am very  excited about the potential of SMRs.
There is a competition going on this year, which we hope will be completed by the end of the year, to assess the viability of the various SMR manufacturers, and we want to get going as quickly as we can.
What discussions he has had with representatives of the financial sector on freedom of speech.
The Government have been clear that debanking customers on the basis of political views is unacceptable.
During recess I met banking executives to discuss debanking and lawful freedom of expression, and they have committed to comply with the changes I published on  21 July .
In parallel, the Financial Conduct Authority is conducting an urgent review of debanking practices, which will report back to the Chancellor in the next couple of weeks.
Last week the Met Police chief finally seemed to confirm that the job of the police should be to police and not to seek to align themselves with entities or ideologies.
Does the Minister agree with me that banks and the corporate world should follow that example and focus their efforts on their core business, rather than play the sinister cancelling agenda of the woke brigade that saw Nigel Farage have his account wrongfully closed?
My hon.
Friend represents the views of his constituents in this place clearly.
He is quite right; although they are private entities, banks benefit from a privileged place in society and they should focus on doing their core functions brilliantly, treating customers fairly and making a sustainable return for shareholders, rather than taking sides on politically contentious matters.
Today it is because some people may have a different political view; tomorrow it could be the fact that someone has a different religious viewpoint.
I am a Christian, and as chair of the all-party parliamentary group for international freedom of religion or belief, I stand up for those with Christian beliefs, those with other beliefs and those with no beliefs, because I believe sincerely that they have a right to have that belief.
If ever the day came when banks censured anybody because they had a different religious belief, I would stand up against that.
Does the Minister agree?
Let me be clear: yes, the Government agree with that.
No one should be debarred from access to banking facilities in our society because of a lawfully expressed view.
If he and other hon.
Members wish to make representations, the Financial Conduct Authority is currently conducting a review of this matter.
What assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the plastic packaging tax.
In April this year the Government announced that we would conduct a formal review of the plastic packaging tax through analysis of environmental and tax data and customer research to assess the impact of the measure.
More information about the evaluation will be published later this year.