Member for Brighton, Pavilion (Caroline Lucas)  on what she would say to all the hundreds of thousands of young families out there who cannot buy a home in the places they need and want, at a price they can afford?
My right hon.
Friend has considerable expertise in this matter.
He is right to focus on the mechanisms we need to bring forward to enable the much needed planning permission to take effect.
His region in particular is affected by this issue, and I know his constituents and people across the region will be desperate to see those homes built, to allow people a step on the property ladder.
We are about building  a property-owning democracy.
My right hon.
Friend is also right to say that we can do that at the same time as protecting the environment, which is why we have doubled the funding for Natural England’s nutrient mitigation scheme.
We are investing £200 million in slurry management infrastructure and we are helping farmers with a £25 million sustainable package to help them invest in innovative farming techniques to manage their nutrients more sustainably,  which can be of benefit to their farms and agricultural processes.
We are going much further on those protected sites, so that we deal with the problem at source.
That is what we need to focus on.
I call the Chair of the Levelling Up, Housing and Communities Committee.
This is hardly a new problem, is it?
The Court decision was in 2018, yet last year we had the levelling-up Bill, which was really a planning Bill with a bit of levelling up added on—no mention of the issue there.
In December we had major consultations on changes to the national planning policy framework—no mention of the issue there.
The Committee wrote to the Minister and asked how many more consultations on planning issues there would be this year.
We were given nine of them—no mention of the issue there.
If it is such a serious issue, why has it taken the Government so long to act?
It looks like the Government are making it up as they go along.
This is a panicked response from the Government to the collapsing numbers of housing starts which the Minister simply wants to do something—anything—about.
I very much value the hon.
Gentleman’s scrutiny of the Government’s record and I very much enjoy coming before his Committee.
We have discussed this issue, and many others, with his Committee in the past.
It is right that we are taking this action.
It is a serious and complex issue, and we needed time to consider all the legal aspects of it.
However, what I come back to time and time again is that we need to unblock planning permissions.
We need housing all over the country.
We are doing that at the same time as protecting the environment and I very much hope to have further dialogue with him about this in the future.
It is always baffling to hear those who believe in environmental improvement saying that only the EU way works.
Does the Minister agree with me that outside the EU we have been able to adapt our laws to what works for this country, and also make improvements such as marine protected areas and provide support to agriculture outside the common agricultural policy?
To say that leaving the EU has meant a degradation in our approach to the environment is simply nonsense.
My right hon.
Friend speaks from vast experience on this issue.
I can do no more than agree strongly with every word.
Leaving the EU allows us to make the laws that are right for our country, most specifically in the area of building the homes we need across his area and across the whole country.
The point here is also that the EU legacy judgment has not improved the quality of the water.