Thanks to the excellent work of the Economic Secretary to the Treasury, we have repealed 100 EU rules and regulations in the financial services sector, and we will look very closely at the opportunities when it comes to tokenisation.
I call the shadow Economic Secretary to the Treasury.
Last week, the Government admitted that their planned introduction of food import checks from the EU would lead to an increase in inflation, hitting the pockets of ordinary people during the worst cost of living crisis in our lifetimes.
In the Labour party, we believe that a bespoke veterinary agreement would cut red tape from business and avoid pushing costs on to ordinary people.
Are the Government planning to negotiate a veterinary agreement, and if not, why not?
I gently say to the hon.
Lady, who I have a lot of time for, that the last thing business wants is the upheaval of a huge renegotiation of our trading arrangement with the EU, which is the largest tariff-free free trade deal by volume in the world.
I welcome the Scottish National party spokesperson to his place.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
The Chancellor claims that it is a success that inflation in the UK has risen higher and remains more stubbornly so than in the EU.
Adam Posen, formerly of the Bank of England, has underlined that up to 80% of the UK’s additional inflation woes can be laid at the door of Brexit—something the Tories and Labour are united on.
All the while, food price inflation is crushing household budgets.
So why have this Government done nothing?
Why have this Government learned nothing from countries such as France, which has worked with food suppliers to keep food prices capped to help those most in need?
I welcome the hon.
Gentleman to his position.
His constituency predecessor served as a Minister in the Treasury—whatever greatness the hon.
Gentleman goes on to, I am sure he will not sully himself with that role.
When it comes to inflation, we have a high level of imported food, like Germany; a high level of imported gas, like Italy; and low unemployment, like the United States.
These factors have come together to give us the inflation rate we have.
When it comes to growth, the hon.
Gentleman will have noted last week’s numbers, which show that we have recovered better from the pandemic than France, Italy or Germany, and we are doing extremely well, despite all the pressures we face.
I notice that the Chancellor did not say anything about food inflation hurting families.
Well, Tory and Labour “little Britain” attitudes do not stop at food price inaction.
Energy costs are a key driver of  inflation and costs for families.
Energy bills are too high.
The Spanish have taken bold steps by cutting VAT and introducing a social tariff to help their people.
This Government plan to do nothing for this winter, which is particularly galling for people in Scotland who will continue to pay more for their energy than elsewhere in the UK.
Will the Chancellor act on our demands for a £400 energy price grant to be introduced this winter?
Let me tell the hon.
Gentleman what we are doing for his constituents, and indeed all the people of Scotland: around £3,000 of support for the average family up and down the country, including in Scotland; paying half people’s energy bills, on average; and a huge amount of support through the benefits system.
Nearly £100 billion of support shows that we are stronger together.
What recent discussions he has had with the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care on the potential impact of inflation on public health and wellbeing.
The Government are committed to supporting individuals to live healthier lives.
High inflation is the greatest immediate economic challenge that we must address.
The Government have made it a priority to halve inflation this year.