We are taking action against water companies to protect our rivers, leave the environment in a better state than we found it, and build the affordable houses that the country so desperately needs, including in her constituency.
The Minister will recognise that I and many other colleagues on the Government side of the House share the admirable objectives of  the hon.
Member for Brighton, Pavilion (Caroline Lucas)  in ensuring that the water quality of our rivers improves year by year under the Government and their successors.
The Minister’s proposals to amend the Levelling-up and Regeneration Bill are not about damaging the status of our rivers; as I understand it, they are about dealing with a particular and specific interpretation of the EU habitats directive by the European Court of Justice in connection with a case in Holland prior to the time we left the EU.
If that is the case—she has referred to the litigation and measures she has undertaken—does she agree that in special areas of conservation such as the River Clun catchment in my constituency, where no planning consent has been granted for nine years, these measures will help to unlock that while preserving the quality of the river in the catchment?
You have taken longer than the person who asked the question.
I thank my right hon.
Friend very much.
He is right in his observation that this has been a judgment imposed on the United Kingdom after we left the European Union.
This is not a long-standing convention in any shape or form.
He is also right to highlight the measures we are putting in place to protect our rivers and the environment more broadly.
We are also putting in place a substantial package to help farmers to farm more sustainability, manage their slurry infrastructure more effectively and be able to drive the circular economy in farming that we all want.
He mentioned specific  catchments in his area.
We have committed to bring forward a Wye catchment plan shortly, which I hope will address the issues he is referring to.
I call Clive Betts. [
Interruption.]
I am happy to go, but the shadow Minister—
Oh, sorry.
It has taken so long, I thought we must have moved on to Back Benchers.
I call the shadow Minister.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
As a result of the Government’s failure over many years to make decisive progress in tackling the main sources of problem nutrients, namely farming and waste water treatment works, the requirements for nutrient neutrality in sensitive river catchments present a challenge to securing planning permission for new housing development.
It is therefore right in Labour’s view that the operation of the rules around nutrient neutrality is reviewed with a view to addressing problematic delays and increasing the pace at which homes can be delivered in these areas.
However, we have serious concerns about the approach that the Government have decided on.
Not only does it involve disapplying the Conservation of Habitats and Species Regulations 2017, but it does not legally secure the additional funding pledges to deliver nutrient management programmes and does not provide for a legal mechanism to ensure that housing developers contribute towards mitigation.
I put the following questions to the Minister: what advice did the Government receive from Natural England about potential reform of the laws around nutrient neutrality?
Did it offer a view on the Government’s proposed approach?
Given the amount of mitigation currently available in the pipeline, which is estimated at allowing for approximately 72,000 homes, did the Government consider an approach based on the habitat regulations assessment derogation and a revised credit mitigation system to front-load permissions and provide for future compensatory schemes?
If so, why did they dismiss that option?
What assessment have the Government made of the impact of their proposed approach on the nascent market in mitigation credits, and investor confidence in nature markets more generally?