Friend and those businesses.
In fact, the UK is leading world economies with our focus on life sciences and on tech.
In that little golden triangle between Oxford, Cambridge and London, we have more tech businesses than anywhere else on the planet other than New York and silicon valley.
I hear the cheers opposite, so keen are Labour Members to support British business, but I would be delighted to meet her and to underline the support that this Government give to such important businesses.
I welcome the new focus on engaging pension funds with productive investment, after many years when regulation has pushed the funds into Government gilts instead, but does the Minister have proposals specifically to secure those investments for UK businesses rather than their going overseas?
The right hon.
Member makes a significant contribution to the debate about the nation’s pension funds.
Our objective to increase investment—to drive increased returns for pension savers, but also to benefit the wider economy—stops short of mandating.
There is a philosophical difference between this side of the House and the Opposition.
We do not believe it is right for the Chancellor to tell pension funds where to invest, but it is our job to knock down barriers, frictions and impedances to pension funds investing in brilliant British companies.
The Economic Secretary told my hon.
Friend  the Member for North Warwickshire (Craig Tracey)  that he is going to underwrite the statutory right of access to cash, but 6,000 bank branches will have closed by the end of the year, leaving only 4,000 in place, and 15,000 ATMs have closed in the last five years.
How is he going to make sure that this actually happens, rather than it just being an empty promise?
The FCA has significant sanctions in respect of the closure of ATMs that would leave communities without the right of free access to cash.
On the closure of bank branches, we are seeing a significant change, and I hope my right hon.
Friend would respect the fact that technology is changing and consumer patterns are changing.
During the recess, I had the privilege of visiting the excellent community banking hub in Brixham, which I think is a brilliant opportunity.
There should be more than 100 on their way, and that is my objective.
Does the Chancellor accept that many people see income tax rates at the moment as exceptionally punitive, and  does he also accept that there is a need to move as quickly as possible into a growth-based economy and to supercharge our economy in the United Kingdom?
As a Conservative, I want to bring taxes down as soon as we can afford to do so, and I am very proud that for the first time ever people can earn £1,000 a month without paying a penny of tax or national insurance.
As we want to expand our financial services industry not only in this country but abroad, we need to build confidence among consumers that the right thing to do is invest.
Does my hon.
Friend therefore agree that it is vital that regulators respond to and deal with complaints to them and actually impose sanctions against those who breach the regulations?
Yes, I agree with my hon.
Friend on this matter.
It is one reason why we have beefed up the role of the financial regulators review commissioner, and we will also be requiring the regulators to publish regular operating metrics on their performance, to give consumers the trust they need.
Back in 2017, both the Treasury and the Financial Conduct Authority knew there were problems with the prepaid funeral plan market.
Since then, my constituent Gary Godwin of Nantyglo lost over £6,000 to the collapse of a company called Safe Hands.
Across the UK, thousands more have lost millions of pounds altogether.
Will the Minister please meet me to discuss this scandal and Mr Godwin’s case?
Yes, I will be very happy to meet the hon.