It is estimated that 140,000 households will face a rise in their mortgage bills this month.
If someone in a random constituency, say Mid Bedfordshire, were to remortgage their house in the next six months, they could pay an average of £300 more per month compared with before the disastrous Tory mini-Budget this time last year.
What can the Chancellor and his team do to reassure the country that, if the Conservatives were to win the next election, they would not just mess up the economy all over again?
I am sure the constituents of Mid Bedfordshire will be very pleased to know that more than 90% of mortgage providers have signed up to our mortgage charter, which offers the opportunity for relief, to term-out mortgages and to have interest-free periods, if they face adversity at this time when interest rates are  high across the world.
What will not help the constituents of Mid Bedfordshire is unfunded spending promises that we know will push up the cost of borrowing and defer the point at which inflation falls.
That is a bit rich from the Government, and it is no answer whatsoever to the people of Mid Bedfordshire who will not be able to afford to pay their bills over the coming months.
It is one year ago today that the former Tory Prime Minister took a huge ideological gamble and sabotaged Britain’s economy.
They crashed the pound, put pensions in peril and exploded a Tory mortgage bombshell under the homes of millions of working people.
Will the Minister take this opportunity to apologise to the British people, on behalf of the Conservative party, for wrecking their hopes and aspirations?
I welcome the hon.
Gentleman to his position.
He has had a feisty morning reading his Walworth Road brief.
Let me offer him the opportunity to correct the record, because Labour has spent the past 12 months talking down our economy but it is now larger than it was when we entered covid and it has recovered and grown faster than the economies of both France and Germany.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential impact of withdrawal from the EU on the economy.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential impact of withdrawal from the EU on the economy.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential impact of withdrawal from the EU on the economy.
Good morning, Mr Speaker.
Brexit was a choice made by the British people and it remains a big opportunity for the economy.
Rather than relitigating that debate, this Government are committed to embracing those opportunities.
Prior to the EU referendum, the Bank of England warned that Brexit would seriously damage the UK economy, weakening the pound and causing inflation.
The Government have now delayed import checks on animal and food products for the fifth time, because the costs would add to inflation.
Does that mean the Chancellor finally accepts that Brexit is contributing to the UK’s cost of living crisis?
No, but of course we are sensitive about the timing of introducing those changes because of cost of living pressures.
I am sad to have seen, since we last met in the House, the hon.
Lady announce that she is stepping down; we have much in common on patient safety.
On the NHS, she will know that because of Brexit an extra £14.6 billion is being directed to public services every year, including the NHS and including in Scotland.
Adam Posen, a former member of the Monetary Policy Committee, has described Brexit as a
“trade war by the UK on itself”.
This unnecessary trade war has had a real impact on small businesses in my constituency such as Guild Antiques & Restoration, which has found that its orders from the EU have fallen off a cliff edge and its costs have increased.
Scotland did not choose Brexit and we are all worse off as a result.