I can do no more than agree strongly with every word.
Leaving the EU allows us to make the laws that are right for our country, most specifically in the area of building the homes we need across his area and across the whole country.
The point here is also that the EU legacy judgment has not improved the quality of the water.
That is why we are taking further steps to mitigate the problem at source.
Everybody who cares about the quality of water should welcome that.
The UK is one of the most nature-depleted countries in the world.
The Government have just set up the Office for Environmental Protection—I was on the Environment Bill Committee when we did that—which says that this planning change is a regression in environmental protections.
We should  not just throw out the rules when they are a bit difficult.
What advice did the Government receive from Natural England—the Minister said she spoke with it—on its approach to problem nutrients?
Did Natural England green-light the proposals or is it being ignored, along with the Office for Environmental Protection?
Natural England is a Government partner.
We work very closely with it, as well as with local planning authorities.
We rely on Natural England to carry out some of the mitigation schemes, the nutrient credit schemes, and many others.
In response to the Office for Environmental Protection, we have a different view.
The Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Suffolk Coastal (Dr Coffey)  set out very clearly her response to the Office for Environmental Protection.
We do not agree with it.
Fundamentally, we do not agree that this is a regression in environmental outcomes overall.
It is perfectly possible to make housing development nitrate neutral in the first place.
Bearwood development in my constituency contains over 2,000 new houses and is nitrate neutral through sustainable drainage and building techniques, so we can have new homes without compromising our environment and without taking good-quality farm land out for mitigation.
Will my hon.
Friend ensure that planning law matches that ambition?
I thank my hon.
Friend very much.
She is right to focus on some of the very good work that is already taking place through some individual projects I am aware are being brought forward.
She is also right to highlight the role that sustainable drainage can take and we have committed to looking at that more broadly to see what more can be done with that particular policy.
Planning law is very clear.
It has to leave the environment in a better state than it finds it, not only in her area but across the country.
Of course we need more housing, but in my constituency the sewers are over capacity, Victorian and clapped out.
I invite the Minister to meet some of the households where in times of heavy rain raw sewage not only pollutes the environment but floats around the streets, the gardens and even the kitchens.
It is simply not acceptable to imagine we can somehow wave a wand to solve the housing problem.
Finally, may I draw the attention of the House to an excellent website called “Top of the Poops”, which states that in my constituency there were 4,468 hours of sewage last year alone?
That is completely unacceptable.
DEFRA Ministers have been at this Dispatch Box multiple times to update colleagues on the work that the Government are proud to do as part of the plan for water.
This is the most ambitious and stringent package that has been brought forward to tackle this abhorrent issue.
We agree with the hon.
Gentleman that storm overflows and sewage overflows are wrong.
That is why the £2.2 billion of new accelerated investment will be directed into vital infrastructure.