Given the amount of mitigation currently available in the pipeline, which is estimated at allowing for approximately 72,000 homes, did the Government consider an approach based on the habitat regulations assessment derogation and a revised credit mitigation system to front-load permissions and provide for future compensatory schemes?
If so, why did they dismiss that option?
What assessment have the Government made of the impact of their proposed approach on the nascent market in mitigation credits, and investor confidence in nature markets more generally?
Why on earth do Ministers believe developers will voluntarily contribute to mitigation under the proposed approach?
Finally, the Government claim their approach will see 100,000 planning permissions expedited between now and 2030.
Given that house building activity is falling sharply and the pipeline for future development is being squeezed—not least as a result of housing and planning policy decisions made by this Conservative Government—what assessment has the Department made of the number of permissions that its disruptive approach will unlock within the first 12 months of its operation?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his questions and remarks.
I take them to mean that he will support the measures when they come before the House.
I am delighted to hear his support for our sensible, practical and pragmatic approach to unblock much needed housing across the country.
He asked about our engagement with Natural England; we have had detailed discussions.
He asked about the current legal framework;  we have looked at and discussed a number of options to make the changes, and we are taking what we believe is the right approach to unblock planning permissions more quickly than the current situation allows.
The hon.
Gentleman referred to nature markets; he is right to highlight the groundbreaking work we are doing across that piece.
We are continuing with our commitment to those nature markets, which are a very important part of the Government’s plan to keep our environment, protect it and leave it in a better state than we found it.
That is what the Conservative Government have always been committed to and continue to be.
The hon.
Gentleman is right to say that we have spoken to developers, who, of course, support our objectives.
We have very constructive dialogue with the developers, who are happy to contribute.
We will have those discussions with industry, as I am sure he has heard from developers, because I know he has spoken to them all.
We are on the side of those builders.
It is important to say that the developers most affected by the disproportionate ruling from the European Court of Justice are not the big developers but the small and medium-sized enterprises—the small builders—some of which have gone bust.
It is right that we stand behind them.
I warmly congratulate the Government on taking action on this very serious issue.
I welcome sincerely the remarks from the Opposition spokesperson offering qualified support for what is being done.
We have an issue whereby 100,000 homes, spanning 74 council areas, are being blocked.
Those homes have planning permission already granted, but cannot be built because of the perverse legacy ruling.
More to the point, could my hon.
Friend confirm that there is no environmental impact, because we are doubling investment in the nutrient mitigation scheme?
That is as well as developing protected site strategies for those catchment areas affected most severely by the nutrients issue, which overwhelmingly is not caused by new housing.
Does she agree that the real challenge should be laid down to  the hon.
Member for Brighton, Pavilion (Caroline Lucas)  on what she would say to all the hundreds of thousands of young families out there who cannot buy a home in the places they need and want, at a price they can afford?
My right hon.
Friend has considerable expertise in this matter.