What assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the plastic packaging tax.
In April this year the Government announced that we would conduct a formal review of the plastic packaging tax through analysis of environmental and tax data and customer research to assess the impact of the measure.
More information about the evaluation will be published later this year.
I am pleased to share that a business in my Eastbourne constituency has made many important changes in the way it operates in order to meet its own environmental ambitions, but when it comes to the transportation of food and pharmaceutical products, industry standards linked to public health regulations require such products to be transported in sterile packaging, which necessitates the use of virgin plastics and brings the containers that the business produces into scope for the plastic packaging tax.
Is there a new direction I can share with that business, or will ongoing policy reviews look at such cases?
The aim of the plastic packaging tax is to provide a clear incentive for businesses to use more recycled plastic in packaging.
Following extensive consultation, we looked at a range of possible exemptions and decided to limit those exemptions because we want to encourage innovation in the industry.
Put simply, the more exemptions, the less innovation.
However, all taxes remain, of course, under review.
A proactive approach to a circular economy could create hundreds of thousands of jobs and cut our consumption emissions.
What circular taxation measures is the Treasury looking at to help us achieve those outcomes?
We are clear that we want all taxes relating to the environment to have an impact.
The plastic packaging tax, for example, will clearly have an impact on the amount of recycling that takes place and on the amounts put into landfill.
Those are all things that we assess as part of evaluations, and the plastic packaging tax will be evaluated this year.
What steps his Department is taking to incentivise pension schemes to invest in the UK.
At Mansion House, the Government presented a series of pension reforms that will increase returns for savers and enable the financial sector to unlock capital for some of the UK’s most promising industries.
The Department continues work to build on the initial package of measures and will set out further details in the autumn.
I thank the Minister for his answer and welcome those measures.
Have the Government considered what more can be done to unlock surpluses in defined-benefit schemes to allow employers to use that money more effectively, rather than having it end up going into insurance companies on buy-outs?
There is a huge tax penalty on unlocking surpluses.
Is there a way of relieving that to encourage the money to be invested more efficiently?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
With the right precautions, it is right that we look at that to incentivise employers to deliver the highest returns for pension savers.
The Government have to date taken £4.4 billion from the mineworkers’ pension scheme.
The then cross-party Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy Committee concluded that the Government should not be “profiting from mineworkers’ pensions.”
How does the Secretary of State justify their continued profiteering?
I am not familiar with the issue that the hon.
Lady speaks about.
I would be very happy to meet her to understand it in more detail.
What steps his Department is taking to help support pubs through the tax system.
We are ensuring that pubs remain a key part of our local communities by providing support through the alcohol duty and business rates systems.
That includes a new draught relief that provides a significant duty discount on alcohol sold on draught in a pub, and the expanded retail, hospitality and leisure relief means more than £10,000 in relief for the average independent pub.