Adam Posen, a former member of the Monetary Policy Committee, has described Brexit as a
“trade war by the UK on itself”.
This unnecessary trade war has had a real impact on small businesses in my constituency such as Guild Antiques & Restoration, which has found that its orders from the EU have fallen off a cliff edge and its costs have increased.
Scotland did not choose Brexit and we are all worse off as a result.
What can the Chancellor do to fill the economic gaps his hard Brexit has caused?
There is a certain irony in the Scottish National party opposing Brexit at the same time as advocating a far more draconian separation for Scotland, including a new currency and border checks.
On businesses in Scotland, as part of the UK, Scotland is now an independent coastal state for the first time in nearly half a century; the 21,000 people in Scotland who work in financial services are benefiting from the Brexit freedoms in the Edinburgh reforms; and there is extra support for Scottish pubs, because, for the first time, we have a lower beer duty relative to supermarkets.
It is not just Brexit trade barriers having a devastating impact on Scotland’s economy, because the loss of freedom of movement has hugely damaged our businesses’ ability to recruit staff.
Many businesses have had to reduce their offer, cut their opening hours or close altogether.
It is estimated that over the bank holiday UK pubs alone lost out on £22 million because of staff shortages.
Does the Chancellor accept that small businesses such as those cannot keep picking up the tab for his Government’s disastrous Brexit?
What is he doing to solve these staff recruitment problems?
May I gently say to the hon.
Lady that this country has actually grown faster than France or Germany since we left the single market?
This is a bit of a smokescreen for the SNP’s economic policies, which have led to more people out of work and fewer people in work in Scotland than in England.
Leaving the EU gives us the opportunity to modernise our regulations and adapt them to local and national domestic interests, but we will seize the benefits of doing that only if we deliver on regulatory reform.
So will my right hon.
Friend drive that across Departments so that we can increase prosperity and raise living standards as a result?
No one knows more about regulatory reform than my right hon.
Friend, who wrote an excellent booklet on it.
We look at that booklet ahead of every fiscal event, be it autumn statement or Budget.
I hope that she noticed in the Budget big reforms to our medicines regulation.
We will continue to learn from the things she advocates.
For generations, Britain’s world leadership on financial services and financial markets has been a key part of our economy.
I agree that the post-Brexit initiatives such as the Edinburgh review have made excellent strides on making sure that we keep that world leadership.
May I encourage my right hon.
Friend to look at the report from UK Finance  on the tokenisation of markets, as being the world leader in that innovative area would reduce costs for investors, enable money to flow into less liquid assets and fundamentally unlock future growth?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for her question.
Thanks to the excellent work of the Economic Secretary to the Treasury, we have repealed 100 EU rules and regulations in the financial services sector, and we will look very closely at the opportunities when it comes to tokenisation.
I call the shadow Economic Secretary to the Treasury.
Last week, the Government admitted that their planned introduction of food import checks from the EU would lead to an increase in inflation, hitting the pockets of ordinary people during the worst cost of living crisis in our lifetimes.