I underline that point to  the hon.
Member for Redcar (Jacob Young) , who is chuntering from his seat on the Front Bench.
The proposals go directly against the “polluter pays” principle by forcing the taxpayer, rather than house builders, to foot the bill for mitigating increased water pollution from house building in environmentally sensitive areas.
What is particularly infuriating is that, as the name suggests, the nutrient neutrality rules were not even about improving our environment, but simply about trying to prevent pollution from getting worse.
Let me ask the Minister some important questions.
On transparency, will the Government follow the OEP’s call for them to make a statement, as required by section 20(4) of the Environment Act 2021, admitting that they can no longer say that the Levelling-up and Regeneration Bill would not reduce environmental protections in law?
Will the Minister explain how the Government will meet their objectives for water quality and protected site condition when they are at the same time weakening environmental law?
What advice did Ministers receive from Natural England before the amendments were tabled?
Will she explain why there has there been a complete lack of consultation with environment groups?
Will she also explain what consultation there was with house builders, whom Members will have noticed are cock-a-hoop about the announcement and the subsequent boost to their share prices?
Will the Minister admit that it is a false choice to pit house building against environmental protection when there are successful projects under way to address nutrient pollution?
Will the Government provide evidence for their unsubstantiated claim that 100,000 homes are being delayed as a consequence of these rules?
Will she recognise that money, which can easily be taken away at a later stage, is not the same as a legal requirement to stop pollution getting into our rivers?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her long list of questions; I am happy to respond to all of them in detail.
On our approach, I stand by what I and the Government have said: we stand by our pledges to the  environment, and we do not accept that, as she stated, we will weaken our commitment to the environment at all.
It is important to consider what we are talking about here, which is unblocking 100,000 homes that add very little in terms of pollution.
To be clear, our approach means that there will be no overall loss in environmental outcomes.
Not only do the measures that we are taking address the very small amount of nutrient run-off from new housing, but at the same time, we are investing in the improvement of environmental outcomes.
We do not agree that this is regression on environmental standards.
We are taking direct action to continue to protect the environment and ensure that housing can be brought forward in areas where people need it.
The hon.
Lady asked about engagement.
Ministers across Government, the Secretary of State and I have had numerous meetings with all parties involved, and we have had meetings with environment groups as part of Government business.
It is worth the House noting the significant enforcement steps taken on the water companies by colleagues at the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs.
Since 2015, the Environment Agency has concluded 59 prosecutions against water and sewerage companies, securing £150 million in fines.
The regulators have recently launched the largest criminal and civil investigations into water company sewage.
We are taking action against water companies to protect our rivers, leave the environment in a better state than we found it, and build the affordable houses that the country so desperately needs, including in her constituency.
The Minister will recognise that I and many other colleagues on the Government side of the House share the admirable objectives of  the hon.
Member for Brighton, Pavilion (Caroline Lucas)  in ensuring that the water quality of our rivers improves year by year under the Government and their successors.