With the recently announced Office for National Statistics upgrade that the Chancellor just referred to, what is his more hopeful message to British businesses?
It is very simply this: since 2010, we have become the strongest economy in Europe in film and television, life sciences and technology, and the opportunities are great with a Conservative Government.
This week, schools have failed to reopen due to the threat of collapse.
Worryingly, the danger does not end there, because 95% of schools and public buildings are estimated to contain asbestos, which is described by Mesothelioma UK as a “silent killer”.
Will the Chancellor stop ignoring his own Department and commit to providing the necessary funding so that our children can be prevented from being taught in crumbling, asbestos-ridden deathtraps?
I do not accept that characterisation at all.
I do understand the impact of mesothelioma, as my father died of it, but  this Government have invested £15 billion to keep schools safe since 2015, and the Chancellor has set out other figures as well.
Some 10 million calls went unanswered at His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs last year.
Of those who did get through, two thirds had to wait more than 10 minutes; meanwhile, four out of five HMRC staff are working from home.
What is being done to improve the appalling level of customer service at HMRC?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question, which I take very seriously.
Just to put it in context, last year HMRC received 38 million telephone calls; around 3 million of those were to do the simplest of tasks, which can be done digitally if at all possible.
If we are able to move people on to digital channels, that will free up at least 500 people to help with more complex tax affairs and help the most vulnerable.
This is a period of transition for the organisation, and one that we take very seriously.
I recently conducted an energy survey in Dalmarnock, which brought heartbreaking stories of pensioners going to bed early to save money on their energy and many households struggling to pay the bills, even in summer.
Does the Minister not agree that Dalmarnock residents and people right across Scotland would benefit from a £400 energy rebate this winter, as the SNP proposes?
We stepped in during the energy crisis with £94 billion of support, including the energy price guarantee, which effectively paid for half of people’s energy bills.
That was important while energy prices were high; wholesale gas prices have now come down.
As the Minister knows, free access to cash is a vital lifeline for many people, including some of the most vulnerable in all our constituencies.
Can he confirm what steps he is taking to ensure that free access is protected and continues to be available across the country, particularly in North Warwickshire and Bedworth?
During the summer, we announced that we have given directions to the Financial Conduct Authority in respect of access to cash: it should be no more than 1 mile in an urban area, and no more than 3 miles in my hon.
Friend’s rural constituency of North Warwickshire.
That is the first time that the statutory right of access to cash has existed in law.
Prison officers tell me that they are at breaking point.
A key source of despair and anger is their pension age of 68, which we should all agree is far too late.
As the Treasury leads on public sector pension scheme policy, will the Chancellor allow the Ministry of Justice to restart negotiations to resolve this grossly unfair and dangerous situation?
I have not heard that matter raised before, but I am very happy to take it back and correspond with the hon.
Lady on it.
Obviously, we have taken  advice on the state pension age and have made clear our policies previously, but I am happy to look at any specific cases she raises.