I have not heard that matter raised before, but I am very happy to take it back and correspond with the hon.
Lady on it.
Obviously, we have taken  advice on the state pension age and have made clear our policies previously, but I am happy to look at any specific cases she raises.
Can I ask my right hon.
Friend when a fiscal review of all offshore energy activity will be carried out to ensure that we are maximising investment opportunities in critical energy infrastructure such as offshore wind, carbon capture and storage and hydrogen, as well as—while we still need it—domestic oil and gas?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise that issue.
I actually had a breakfast with clean energy industry representatives this morning to discuss their concerns.
There is a huge amount of potential investment, and he is right to say that maximising the use of our own oil and gas reserves during transition is a vital part of our energy security policy.
Will the Chancellor consider introducing a windfall tax on banks’ excess profits?
The profits of the big four banks for the first half of this year were up 700% compared with 2020, yet the Bank of England is forecast to pay out as much as £42 billion in interest on reserves to banks in 2023, at the same time as the Government have cut the level of surcharge on banks’ profits by 60%.
With millions of British jobs dependent on financial services, including an estimated 20,000 jobs in Brighton and Hove, I hope the hon.
Lady will join me in celebrating a sustainably profitable financial sector.
It is only that that gives us the ability to invest in skills and technology.
I call the Chair of the Treasury Committee.
Will the Economic Secretary update the House on the progress he is making to enable our constituents to access personalised financial guidance if they are among the 93% of our constituents who cannot afford regulated financial advice?
My hon.
Friend, the Chair of the Treasury Committee, makes a really important point about what is called the advice gap.
Treasury officials, the FCA and I are consulting on that, and I will publish an update this autumn.
It has been revealed that Integrated Debt Services, a company set up by the UK Government to recover personal debt, saw its profits increase by a staggering 132% last year.
Do Ministers think it is right that this company should be able to profit to that extent out of the misery of the cost of living crisis?
The hon.
Gentleman is referring to a company that works with the Government’s Crown Commercial Service and that works on debt across central Government.
It has to operate within a very specific framework and, indeed, it is regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.
I very much understand the point he has raised, and I will be making inquiries on that point myself.
Research and development tax credits are vital to help businesses grow and invest, but I have received a large number of complaints from businesses across Essex saying that they are facing complexities and delays in processing claims with HMRC.
May I please ask the Minister to meet me and some of these businesses to work through the delays and ensure that these businesses can continue to thrive and grow, because they are vital to our economic growth?
I would be delighted to meet my right hon.
Friend and those businesses.
In fact, the UK is leading world economies with our focus on life sciences and on tech.
In that little golden triangle between Oxford, Cambridge and London, we have more tech businesses than anywhere else on the planet other than New York and silicon valley.