Surely, to form a more coherent view of the environmental impact of these measures, it is necessary to look at all measures in the round, not just legislative measures.
My hon.
Friend is of course extremely perceptive and he is absolutely correct.
We presented an ambitious package overall, and that means we can meet head-on the challenge of delivering the much-needed planning permissions that my hon.
Friend will no doubt welcome in his area—which I know needs more housing—and also protect and enhance our environment.
In its recent comments, the Office for Environmental Protection has interpreted this in a very narrow fashion, and we do not necessarily agree with its assessments.
I know that the Minister has struggled previously with what constitutes retained EU legislation, but what we are talking about today is an amendment to the Conservation of Habitats and Species Regulations 2017.
The challenge before the Minister is that this Government pledged, on the record, not once but seven times during the debate on the Bill that became the Retained EU Law (Revocation and Reform) Act 2023, that they would not reduce those explicit environmental protections.
Will she say now whether that pledge to match those environmental protections directly remains, or does she want to take this opportunity to correct the record and admit that the Government’s word on the environment is not worth the paper it is written on?
I think that what I am struggling with is the fact that the hon.
Lady clearly did not listen to my previous comments on this matter.
I have said a great many times that we do not agree that this is a regression in environmental outcomes, and we stand by that.
We are the Conservative Government, and we are committed to leaving the environment in a better state than the one in which we found it.
That is backed up by a strong package of action across numerous areas.
My constituency was one of the worst-affected places in the entire country, with 2,000 planning applications held up and thousands  of people at risk of losing their jobs.
We are talking not about large construction companies, but about everyday jobbing builders—people with families to feed.
This is a great step towards getting the country moving again and solving an intractable problem.
May I ask the Minister a very simple question?
If I build a small house, or put a little extension on the side of my current house, am I really damaging the watercourses to the same degree as pig farming and chicken farming?
Are these well-intended laws completely missing the mark of what they were intended to do in the first place?
The simple answer to my hon.
Friend’s question is that he is right.
The existing legal framework that has been hindering us has had a disproportionate effect on planning permissions and house building when the main source of the pollution lies elsewhere.
Overall, this package will be able to deliver house building and extensions in my hon.
Friend’s constituency, help the smaller builders and, of course, protect our rivers.
In an industrial area such as Teesside, environmental standards are critical, including around water quality and our riverside.
Will the new policy framework lead to increased funds for the Canal & River Trust, which has seen its budgets decimated in recent years, leading to huge cuts in its activities and the removal of every single litter bin on its land around the River Tees?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising the concerns of the Canal & River Trust.
I am sure that his comments will have been heard by DEFRA Ministers, but I will be happy to take those concerns back to them and ask them to provide an answer.
Following the question from  the hon.