In 1970, Joe was elected president of the Associate Student Chapters of the American Institute of Architecture (AIA), where he served on the national board and testified before Congress. Two years later, Joe would return to help John Hill become the Texas Attorney General while also taking part in the campaign for Sissy Farenthold for Governor. He also served on the advance team for Sargent Shriver's Vice-Presidential campaign. Campaign work inspired Joe and eventually resulted in him becoming an assistant to Boston Mayor Kevin White. Before Joe's health problems arose, he would also serve as a precinct election worker. He was a loyal member of the Texas Democratic Party. His advocacy, like his concern for others, knew no boundaries; his passion knew no limits. At the completion of his work for Mayor White, Joe returned to Houston where he started his career as a financial advisor. He quickly became a senior vice president at Prudential Bache Securities and then at Lehman Brothers. In the early 1980s, Joe married Bonnie Hickerson. This marriage was blessed with the births of Iris Trent Siff and then Jordan Benjamin Siff. Joe's personality was infectious. He maintained relationships, fostered friendships, and often tried to help friends achieve their goals. It was a natural transition in the 1990's when he created his firm, Access Strategies, to connect people and their ideas to the capital and other resources they needed. This talent, matched with his wide-ranging network, resulted in projects involving real estate, art, book and live performance productions, and so much more. His multi- decade representation of artist David Adickes is I example of his many skills. A great storyteller with an unceasing curiosity about the world around him, Joe loved his family, conversations, politics, architecture and design, and travel. He was a kind and supportive father, brother, and friend, including mine for many decades. On Tuesday, July 11, 2023, our world lost a bright soul, who was committed to making it a better place for everyone. Joe was 75 years old, and is survived by his 2 children, Iris and Jordan, and their mother, Bonnie; his twin brother Ted Siff (Janelle Buchanan) of Austin, Texas, as well as nieces and numerous cousins. Mr. Speaker, once again, I am pleased to honor the life and legacy of Joe Siff, and I am grateful to share his story with the rest of our Nation. I cherish our memories while admiring his significant, personal contributions. He worked tirelessly to make our state and the world a better place. May he Rest in Peace.