I understand what happens sometimes with private Members’ Bills and the need to make progress and to have Government support, but I say to the Government that this is a huge missed opportunity.
If the Minister looks behind him, he will see all his colleagues who have rearranged their Fridays and rearranged their surgeries and all their appointments because they believe in this subject.
He should heed the list that his hon.
Friend the Member for Whitehaven and Workington read out of all the organisations that came together in support of action in this area.
It is so worth doing, and we have made good progress with the Online Safety Act, but there is further to go.
There are things we can do with a private Member’s Bill that it is harder sometimes to do with Government legislation, because of the party political controversies that come in.
This is a missed opportunity, because this may well be the only private Member’s Bill with a good chance of success in this area, being at the top of the ballot, in this entire Parliament.
The Bill as drafted is unlikely to require this House to divide, because there is not much in it that anyone could disagree on.
I will, if I may, focus my comments on the things that the Bill envisages, such as the CMO’s advice for parents on the use of smartphones and social media, and the plan for research that the Secretary of State will prepare on the effect of the use of social media on children and the appropriateness and effectiveness of the so-called digital age of consent.
I will say one very simple thing to the Minister about that research: the evidence is not perfect today; it will not be perfect in one year; it will never, ever be perfect.
If we hang around waiting for perfect evidence, we will never act in the way that we should.
Why is it not perfect?
Because this is a phenomenon that has happened across the entire world at the same time.
There is no control group.
Given that this is such a huge topic, the studies that there are, which try to narrow it down to something manageable, tend to end up looking at either Facebook or Twitter, neither of which is particularly relevant for teenagers.
When we have proxy studies, they are generally inadequate.
For phone use in schools, studies tend to look at a school that has a phone ban and a school that does not.
That is a totally invalid scientific comparison, because there could be all sorts of other things going   on, and the sort of school that is likely to do well in GCSEs is also likely to bring in a phone ban, so we cannot prove the direction of causality.
People will also tell us that there has not been enough time, because the technology is constantly developing.
It may have been around for 20 years or so, but the current version of it has only been around for 18 months, so there has not been time to say conclusively what the effects are.
None of that is about to change.
The evidence will continue to be imperfect.
However, the evidence that we do have is pretty clear.
We know, as  the hon.
Member for Dulwich and West Norwood (Helen Hayes) , who chairs the Education Committee, mentioned, that there can be some benefit from relatively small amounts of screen time.
The 2019 programme for international student assessment—PISA —study covered this in some detail, looking at multiple countries.
It talked about a “Goldilocks” effect, whereby about an hour of screen time a day seemed to be correlated with increased wellbeing.
But the same study found that in almost every country studied, with the fascinating exception of the Dominican Republic, high levels of internet usage were associated with lower levels of life satisfaction.