Social media and online gaming have been described by those leading the work to tackle county lines exploitation as the foundation of county lines recruitment.
The crisis in the mental health and wellbeing of our children and young people is well documented.
We are raising a generation of children and young people who are struggling with anxiety, depression, body image issues and eating disorders.
Every generation of parents has to help their children navigate a set of challenges that they did not have to face themselves.
Screen time and social media are surely the parenting challenges of our generation.
We have ample evidence of the harms that are being done.
We also understand much more than previous generations about children’s brain development and the way that   the vital building blocks of their brains develop rapidly during childhood, and we know that screen time is quite literally rewiring young brains.
The hon.
Lady’s speech is fascinating.
What she is saying is reflected by correspondence in my inbox from parents saying, “We need help,” and from youngsters saying, “We know our concentration levels at school are affected.
We know it’s an addiction.”
This issue is uniting families in that way, and I hope that the hon.
Lady, who chairs the Education Committee, can push the Government, on behalf of both parents and children, for a change in outcome.
The Education Committee will certainly continue to take this issue extremely seriously and to monitor what happens, and I will say a little about that in a moment.
We know that screen time is quite literally rewiring young brains, resulting in lower cognitive abilities and affecting language acquisition, critical thinking, social skills and attention span.
When the Government have evidence of harm, they have a duty to act.
The point of legislation in this case is its power to change societal norms in a way that will make a difference to parents and professionals who are currently struggling to limit the harms of screen time, but lack the back-up to do so.
There are many comparable examples, with smoking and seatbelts being the most obvious, in which the evidence of harm became clear but the debate raged for many years, with counter-arguments against legislation.
As the hon.
Lady says,  the hon.
Member for Whitehaven and Workington (Josh MacAlister)  has done an enormous amount of work, and it is obviously desirable for the Government to act in the face of evidence.
Does she think that the Bill, as negotiated with the Government, constitutes action?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for helping me out at a difficult moment.
I have now found the correct place in my speech, and I will tell him what I believe should happen next.
The debate about both smoking and seatbelts raged for years, with much controversy at the time.
Some were demanding higher and higher levels of proof, while others argued that the matter could be dealt with simply through guidance and through individuals’ choosing to change their behaviour.
Does the hon.
Lady recognise that, unlike the indoor smoking ban in particular, the regulation of mobile technology and social media is very much not a one-off event?
When the Bill that was to become the Online Safety Act was published, it was genuinely world-leading in many respects, but, as  the hon.
Member for Whitehaven and Workington (Josh MacAlister)  pointed out, many countries have now introduced measures that go further.
Should we not be taking action now and then continuing to develop it, rather than just introducing a series of reviews?
If the hon.
Gentleman will bear with me for a moment, I will come to some of the points that I think he wanted to emphasise.
In the end, in both those cases—seatbelts and smoking—legislation had  the effect of changing behaviour and changing societal norms, and in both cases, decades on from the introduction of legislation, it is hard to imagine that the regulation was ever controversial.