The UK has incredible talents in manufacturing satellites and satellite technology.
As a Scottish MP, I focus on Scotland, and as a Glasgow MP, I focus on Glasgow, but let us start in the Moray firth, where my mother came from.
It has a fine tradition of engineering.
For those who follow highland league football—I suspect I am in a minority of one in the House today—the fact that Forres Mechanics is one of the oldest football clubs in the north of Scotland points to a tradition of engineering there.
The Jones shipyard in Buckie is another great engineering industry in the north of Scotland.
Of significantly more relevance to this debate is that Forres is home to Orbex, which is developing a rocket called Prime.
It will be the first UK-manufactured and UK-launched orbital rocket.
Prime is set to take off from SaxaVord in 2025.
Prime is set to take off from SaxaVord in 2025.
The UK Government have recently announced a £20 million investment in Orbex—an important investment that demonstrates the opportunities being brought to the north of Scotland, for which we need to redouble our efforts to secure economic growth and prosperity.
My home city of Glasgow has a rich history of innovation and an incredibly promising cluster of space expertise.
As a Glasgow MP, I am determined that it should have a bright future in space.
Glasgow is building more satellites than any other city in Europe.
There are   fantastic companies in the area including, Alba Orbital, which specialises in PocketQube satellites, AAC Clyde Space, which has expertise in small satellite technology, and Spire Global, which is a leading provider of space-based data analytics and space services.
This year is Glasgow’s 850th birthday.
The Bill will help secure the prosperity of Glasgow for the next 850 years, creating jobs and economic growth in my great city of hard work, innovation and enterprise.
There is clear economic analysis that shows that the space industry is an important opportunity area for growth and jobs.
The latest “Size and Health of the UK Space Industry” report estimates that 228 organisations in Scotland generated a combined income of £298 million in 2021-22—almost double that of 2018-19 in real terms.
About 6,500 people work in space in Scotland, and the figure for the UK is between 48,000 and 52,000.
Income amounts to between £17.5 billion and £20 billion.
There are more than 100,000 jobs in the supply chain as well.
Let us pause for a moment on that: we have only just got going on this and we have 48,000 or more jobs.
There is much potential here for many more good, high-paid jobs of the future, which is what Britain needs.
The Second Deputy Chairman of Ways and Means took the Chair as Deputy Speaker ( Standing Order No.
3 ).
I beg to move, That the House sit in private.
Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No.
163 ).
The House divided: Ayes 1, Noes 75.
Question accordingly negatived.
Second Reading
I beg to move, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
I began my career as a teacher.
I first entered the classroom in 2009.
At the time, we were just beginning to see the use of smartphones among teenagers—there was the odd phone in the classroom and the odd instance of a child being bullied through their device—but neither I nor any other teacher at the time could have imagined the impact these devices would come to play in childhood.
From speaking to children and parents today, it is clear that children’s excessive screen time and unhealthy social media use are fuelling family disputes, childhood unhappiness and parental concern the length and breadth of our country.
The problem is growing and voices of concern are getting louder.
It is now time to act.