We must base such decisions on evidence, and there was no firm evidence for picking 13 over any other age.
Alarm bells on the question of data and consent are already ringing.
Just this week, the Information Commissioner announced an investigation into how TikTok uses the personal information of 13 to 17-year-olds in order to make recommendations to them.
Changing the digital age of consent would give parents more control over who accesses their children’s data, and it would dumb down the powerful algorithms that feed children addictive content.
I congratulate the hon.
Gentleman on introducing the Bill in the way he has and on becoming a Parliamentary Private Secretary.
Does he support the Bill going into Committee?
I think there is consensus across the House that it should be given its Second Reading.
If it is not given its Second Reading, however, it will not go into Committee and we will not be able to discuss in further detail the points that he is making.
The hon.
Member is, of course, a connoisseur of private Members’ Bills and has been known not to be keen to see many of them make it to Committee.
I am sure he will not mind me gently making the point that I am here today, as so many Members are, to make a difference and ensure that the Government take action.
The Bill also commits the Government to instruct the UK chief medical officer to update and reissue guidance for parents and professionals about the impact of excessive screen time and social media use on children.
It is nearly six years since that guidance was last issued, and we have seen the positive impact of recent guidance elsewhere, such as in America where the Surgeon General advice has stated more recently:
“social media has not been proved safe”
and that
“Children and adolescents who spend more than 3 hours a day on social media face double the risk of mental health problems including experiencing symptoms of depression and anxiety.”
That advice led to calls in the US for cigarette packet-style health warnings on social media websites.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for this important Bill and the way in which he is presenting it.
This week, in the education centre at Michael Hall school, I met A-level  students who were very concerned about the addictive nature of what they are seeing.
They absolutely want to see action.
I applaud him for listening to UK Youth, Girlguiding and others who feel exactly the same.
They want action now.
All power to him—we need to push the Government for change, because a year or three months in childhood is a long time for that addiction to grow and not be challenged.
I completely agree that there is an urgency to this issue, and the strength of feeling out in the country among not just parents but children themselves shows that we should take action.
I thank my hon.
Friend for the national debate he has stimulated about this; we should all be grateful to him for that.
I wondered what advice was already available to parents from the national health service, particularly in Scotland.
I could find no guidance on screen time on the NHS Scotland website.
On the website for my health board, NHS Lothian, I found guidance for parents with the very youngest children.
In Glasgow—which is Scotland’s second city, I have to stress; it does not even have a castle—the health board offers guidance that dates from 2016.
Things have moved on since then, and surely parents deserve to have the very latest guidance when it comes to considering this matter.
I thank my hon.
Friend for making that point.
Updated advice from the nations’ CMOs is so important because it can cascade through health systems to guide professionals and parents.