Members were waiting for me to say that—creates significant barriers, leaving many young people struggling without the help they need.
Already facing the pressures of an increasingly connected world, they are further disadvantaged by transport restrictions that make seeking specialist care on the mainland far more challenging.
Tech companies have proved time and again that they see kids as nothing more than pound signs.
The more time that platforms can keep children glued to their screens, the more money they make, and they achieve that by maliciously harvesting their data and using it to push content designed to keep them hooked, prioritising what is most addictive over what is safest.
By prohibiting tech companies from collecting data from under-16s, the Bill would aim at the heart of the exploitative algorithms designed to keep young users online for longer.
It would ensure that children are no longer targeted with addictive content designed to prioritise profit over their wellbeing.
I therefore support the Bill.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Whitehaven and Workington (Josh MacAlister)  on bringing his private Member’s Bill to the House.
I am proud to be one of its sponsors.
It has clearly been a complicated journey to get to this point, and the Bill may not resemble quite what he originally had in mind, but the sheer fact of introducing the Bill has lit up a national conversation about the impact of smartphone use and social media on our children.
The conversation was growing ever louder, but it has now spilled over passionately into the inboxes of nearly every Member of the House.
The Bill may not be as ambitious as some would like, and the wheels may turn slowly in this place—far slower than the lightning pace of modern tech—but I assure every one of my constituents in South Devon who wrote to me about the Bill and who campaign loudly on this topic that their voices have been heard.
Within the bounds of our political system, we as MPs, parents and grandparents not only have heard them, but share their concerns.
I hope that this is just the first step on a journey that will be far-reaching and fairly swift.
I know that I am not alone in being somewhat disappointed that the Bill is but a shadow of its former self and that the Government are so timid in what they are willing to do to try to save our children and young people from something that is clearly causing them considerable harm.
That is why the Liberal Democrats have decided to pick up the baton and table an amendment to the Data (Use and Access) Bill, calling on the Government to bring UK data law into line with many other European countries by raising to 16 the minimum age that a user must be before an internet company can collect, process and store their data without parental consent.
I look forward to seeing the guidance from the UK chief medical officer on the impact of smartphones and social media on children.
Six years is a long time in the  tech world and we know that much has changed since the guidance was last written in 2019.
I also welcome funding for more research into the impacts of social media and phone use.
I expect the new research will not differ too much from what has already been written, following studies from various developed countries, including the UK, Japan, Canada and Australia: that over the past 10 years, a period in which smartphone usage has exploded, the number of mental health admissions to hospital in teenagers has risen by 65%; that admissions for eating disorders among girls aged 11 to 15 have gone up by a staggering 638%; that childhood myopia is up 50%; that attention deficit hyperactivity disorder diagnoses are up 56%; and that more and more children are struggling with difficult speech and language challenges.