I could not agree with my hon.
Friend more.
Edinburgh has a thriving space sector, as does Scotland.
My hon.
Friend has for many years been heavily involved in work to grow the economy in Edinburgh and the Borders, and I pay tribute to him for that.
I must, however, take this opportunity to pick a minor bone with my hon.
Friend.
He mentioned that Glasgow does not have a castle, and I wish to correct the record.
We have a fine ruined castle called Crookston castle.
It is the second-oldest building in Glasgow.
The first-oldest building in Glasgow is the beautiful cathedral.
I will not indulge in a dispute about whether Edinburgh or Glasgow is the better city.
They are both beautiful, great cities.
Glasgow is slightly better, but there you are.
I am obliged to my hon.
Friend for his intervention, and I am also glad to be able to correct that point.
There is another reason why it is important that we have a thriving space and satellite industry.
Space is critical to defence, and we must have a thriving space sector to protect our country.
The United Kingdom works with allies to ensure that our interests are defended in space.
However, the world is becoming more unstable, and it is essential that we have our own capabilities to launch and operate satellites from the United Kingdom,  and this Bill is important in that regard, too.
It will help to secure a vibrant end-to-end space industry in the United Kingdom, and that is important for defence.
To take one example, having our own domestic launch capability is important, and a vibrant civilian sector will help to cover the costs of that launch capability.
This Bill also has a national security theme.
Owing to much hard work, including by the last Government, the UK Space Agency and many others, the United Kingdom also has a firm foundation for a thriving space industry.
In the time available, I cannot provide a complete survey of the vibrant and growing space industry, but here are some key points.
One key task we have had is to develop our own launch capability to put satellites up in space, and then to get them back down.
That is why there is so much chat about spaceports—in my life, at least.
SaxaVord, the UK spaceport in the Shetland Islands, is one of only two licensed vertical launch spaceports in Europe.
That is at the far end of the north of the map of our family of nations.
Down in the far south-west, we also have an operational spaceport in Cornwall.
That illustrates that space is an opportunity for our family of nations from the very top to the very bottom—I mean that only in a cartographic sense; I am not looking to offend any Members from Cornwall.
There are also spaceports under construction and planned in: Sutherland, on the far north of the coast of Scotland, to the west of Thurso; North Uist, a wonderful place, which I commend as I spent much of my honeymoon there; Glasgow Prestwick; Spaceport Machrihanish, on the southern tip of the Argyll peninsula, which I would also recommend for a visit to Scotland; and, Snowdonia.
Some may wonder where those places are.
They are all wonderful places, and they illustrate that space is an opportunity across the United Kingdom.
Let us turn to the satellite or, as Lou Reed sang, “Satellite of Love”.
The UK has incredible talents in manufacturing satellites and satellite technology.
As a Scottish MP, I focus on Scotland, and as a Glasgow MP, I focus on Glasgow, but let us start in the Moray firth, where my mother came from.
It has a fine tradition of engineering.