As Jonathan Haidt argues in his book “The Anxious Generation”, childhood has ceased to be play-based and has become phone-based.
This simultaneous over-protectiveness offline and under-protectiveness online has created a perfect storm for inhibiting children’s development.
For example, we are witnessing a marked increase in referrals for delayed speech and language abilities.
There are now pram adaptations for babies and toddlers to watch smartphones, rather than learning from the stimulus of the real world around them.
I hope that the chief medical officer’s remit extends to working with early childhood and speech and language organisations to issue guidance for parents in the very early years.
The online world that we are sending our children out into is not a world we would send them out into in real life, and yet this is their real life.
Children as young as seven are stumbling across and are currently freely able to access pornographic content online.
The Children’s Commissioner found that one key area where children access pornography is, perhaps surprisingly, the social media platform X. Eight in 10 children have encountered violent pornography online by the age of 18, and that is having serious consequences, desensitising young boys and girls and warping their perceptions of healthy sex and relationships.
My hon.
Friend makes a very important point.
In this debate, we are focusing a lot on children, but the reality is that these scars will endure for the rest of their lives.
This access to pornography will scar their relationships and their ability to form relationships for the rest of their lives, which is another reason why the Bill is so very important.
I am incredibly grateful for my hon.
Friend’s intervention.
That is very true.
We have seen a huge 40% increase in the use of strangulation of women in sexual relationships, and there is much to suggest that this is related to more and more young people watching strangulation in pornography online.
That is another subject, but I would definitely like to see that go as well.
It is really important that the commencement of age verification in the Online Safety Act, which was introduced by the previous Government and supported by those on the Labour Front Bench at the time, must be upheld and to the most robust standards.
I look forward to the Minister saying that that is exactly what the Government will do.
That is exactly what the Government will do.
I am grateful to the Minister.
Social media is fuelling the rise of extremist misogyny online and normalising harassment and violence against women and girls in real life.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Kettering (Rosie Wrighting)  so bravely  recounted in this place yesterday, we are not immune to that in this place.
Some 90% of girls say they have been sent an explicit picture or video.
The New Britain Project, More in Common and the National Education Union recently ran a focus group in my constituency with parents about their children’s access to smartphones.
In the group, a mother spoke of how her daughter was so regularly sent dick pics that, by the age of 15, she was used to drawing a little sombrero on the picture, sending it back and blocking the sender.
The mother said:
“No child that age should be seeing male penises.
It is quite traumatic, isn’t it, for a kid to be witnessing that kind of thing?
But it is everywhere.”
Children should not be forced to find a way to cope—with funny pictures—because something incessantly traumatises them.
We would not accept our children being flashed in the streets, so why is it different online?
Why do we not expect the tech companies to act?
Their products allow this to happen to our children all day, every day, yet we still do not have any movement from them.