I also want to see a public health programme similar to those we have seen on seatbelts and smoking over the years, so that no parent can be left unaware of the potential harms of letting small children become addicted to a device that will cause so much harm as they grow.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Whitehaven and Workington (Josh MacAlister)  for the huge amount of work that he has put into this legislation.
I am proud to be a co-sponsor of the Bill, in support of his tireless efforts in this area, his leadership and his lifelong commitment to safeguarding children from harm.
Over the past six months, the Bill has been a lightning rod for the conversation about children’s access to smartphones and social media.
The Bill does not mark the end of that conversation; rather, it marks the start of a national debate on what childhood in the online age should look like.
I am glad that the Government have positively engaged with the Bill and that, through this legislation, we can now see a path towards ensuring that we give children the best possible, and crucially the least harmful, start in life.
Between 2017 and 2021, there was a 60% increase in the number of children with a probable mental health condition, including depression, anxiety, eating disorders and body dysmorphia.
The impact was particularly acute for young women, as many have mentioned.
Screen time also has links to poor physical health outcomes, such as childhood obesity.
I was particularly concerned to learn, in one of the hearings on my hon.
Friend’s Bill, about data linking screen use to shortsightedness and worse eye health.
A report from the College of Optometrists in 2023 found that cases of myopia among children aged five to 16 have risen by 12% over the last five years in the UK.
Heavy smartphone use also impacts sleep patterns and the ability to fall and stay asleep—as many of us will know.
One study found that children are 79% less likely to get the recommended eight hours of sleep if they use their phones.
That clearly has an effect on their attainment and life outcomes.
Indeed, four in 10 teenagers admit that their smartphone is distracting them from schoolwork.
Clause 1 requires the UK chief medical officer to publish advice for parents and carers on the use of smart phones and social media by children, which we welcome.
This is particularly key because the issue of young people’s smartphones and social media requires a public health focus, as has been argued.
We know that almost all children have a smartphone by the age of 15 and that, as my hon.
Friend said, it is vulnerable children who are spending significantly longer on their phones.
It is our duty in this place to protect children, who are vulnerable, and the most vulnerable children.
For almost a quarter of children, smartphone use has become a behavioural addiction, and that is not accidental.
Tech companies have created products without the input of child development experts, and we know this because they told us that they did not have any child development experts on their product boards when they came to a  session organised by my hon.
Friend the Member for Whitehaven and Workington.
These algorithms seek to get young people hooked before they can even properly comprehend it, and like a drug, they keep coming back for more.
Children have sadly lost a love of reading, with levels at their lowest in the UK among our children, and of the outdoors.
As Jonathan Haidt argues in his book “The Anxious Generation”, childhood has ceased to be play-based and has become phone-based.
This simultaneous over-protectiveness offline and under-protectiveness online has created a perfect storm for inhibiting children’s development.
For example, we are witnessing a marked increase in referrals for delayed speech and language abilities.