And on a day that celebrates women, we think about girls too.
I do not want our girls to think they have to share nude photos to be liked, or to worry themselves sick about the shape of their body to the point that they stop eating.
We have heard about the rise in the number of children who have speech and language challenges.
It is known that sticking a baby in front of an iPad will not help it learn to communicate.
Babies need interaction with human faces and voices to learn.
We heard about how children’s eyesight is worsening because they spend so many hours looking at a closely held screen.
We all know about the incessant rise in poor mental health, anxiety and depression among teenagers.
Parents across my constituency of South Devon are desperate to protect their children, but overwhelmed by the digital world and the power it has over young people.
They want us to support them with legislation, so that they can push back against the might of the tech giants.
We must not let the tech giants lobby us in the way that tobacco companies did so successfully for decades.
Children are addicted to screens because of wicked algorithms that lure them in and keep them hooked; struggling with their body image because they do not look like the influencers they are watching; depressed at their lives because they do not resemble the doctored, airbrushed, Instagram image of perfection they see on their screens; and brainwashed by influencers who spew toxic messages through their pages.
They know this, but they find it hard to counteract it, and we know that the brightest brains in the tech world have designed social media apps to do exactly that.
One former Facebook employee said:
“You have a business model designed to engage you and get you to basically suck as much time out of your life as possible and then selling that attention to advertisers.”
We must unlock the potential of technology by designing it with children and young people in mind.
Our amendment to the Data (Use and Access) Bill would not ban children under 16 from social media; instead, and more importantly, online services would need to change how they deal with children’s data and create a less addictive, more child-friendly online environment.
Our amendment calls on the Government to prioritise robust standards for digital technology, so that rights and privacy are upheld by design and default.
In Devon, 2,591 parents have signed the pact saying that they will not buy their child a smartphone, yet we know that tech use is one of the biggest causes of friction in families, and parents need our support to back that choice.
It is a public health matter.
The Liberal Democrats are open to the idea of a legal ban on smartphone use in schools, enshrining existing guidance into law.
We hope the Government will look seriously at that.
This measure should not be about restricting freedoms; it should be about creating an environment conducive to learning and free from distractions.
We also understand the need for discretion, and exceptions must be made for young carers or children who use smartphones to monitor health conditions, ensuring fairness and practicality.
Parents must be empowered to protect their children online, including through digital literacy education, and advice and support for parents on best practice is key.
I also want to see a public health programme similar to those we have seen on seatbelts and smoking over the years, so that no parent can be left unaware of the potential harms of letting small children become addicted to a device that will cause so much harm as they grow.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Whitehaven and Workington (Josh MacAlister)  for the huge amount of work that he has put into this legislation.