At least my addiction started when I was a fully developed adult, after a childhood of play and socialisation when I learned much-needed life skills.
This generation of children is not so lucky.
The huge amount of time spent online is incredibly damaging in so many ways.
It is no coincidence that we see a mental health crisis in our young people at the same time as mass adoption of smartphones and access to social media.
Some may underplay the importance of social media and screens in the challenges we face as a society, and indeed it can be difficult to conclusively prove the role of one particular factor in the effects we are seeing, but I suggest that when it comes to our children, we should always err on the side of caution and protect them from potentially harmful influences.
In a recent survey, social media and excessive screen time was ranked as the top issue affecting children’s mental wellbeing.
To put that in context, it was ranked higher than alcohol and bullying.
Another significant risk to mental health is exposure to harmful online content.
I am incredibly concerned about that, especially given the proliferation of extreme pornography, harmful content and unrealistic body images.
If children spend all their time in this fantasy world that is completely disjointed from reality, of course it will change how they view people, relationships and the world in general.
That is supported by Ofcom’s 2024 research, which showed that older teens are finding it harder to distinguish the real from the fake online.
The more mundane things in life that do not trigger a dopamine hit seem an even less appealing way to spend time to a child jacked up on likes and shares.
Children’s attention spans are getting shorter, and they have an ever-increasing need for higher levels of stimulation.
Is it any wonder that our children seem less interested in reading a book or baking a cake nowadays?
The evidence from Health Professionals for Safer Screens shows that children who routinely spend extended periods on their smartphones have poorer eyesight, inhibited speech and language development, interrupted sleep, and rising rates of anxiety.
We are allowing our children to become addicts.
Social media is designed with exactly that in mind.
It is meant to be addictive and compelling.
It wants users to stay online for prolonged periods and to keep engaging with content.
Those of us who use it ourselves know this all to be true, so how on earth do we expect our children to manage and moderate appropriately?
Ofcom’s 2024 research showed that the overall use of social media sites or apps among five to seven-year-olds had increased year on year.
Online gaming among that group had also increased significantly, as had the watching of livestreamed content.
Under current data protection law, the age at which children can access information society services—ISS—is 13.
ISS includes most social media platforms and content streaming services.
It is important to acknowledge that the Online Safety Act 2023 introduced protections for children by ensuring that online platforms will have to remove illegal content such as child sexual abuse material, prevent children from accessing harmful content—for example, that encouraging suicide, self-harm or bullying—and introduce age-checking measures to   restrict access to pornographic material.
Those are all very welcome improvements, but they need to be put in place at pace and be effectively enforced.
I commend  the hon.
Member for Whitehaven and Workington (Josh MacAlister)  for all his work on this important topic.
I will do all I can to support him in making the online world safer for our children.
The Bill is an important precursor to the myriad changes needed in this area, and I know that many parents will support him in calling for the digital age of consent to be looked at again.