The 2019 programme for international student assessment—PISA —study covered this in some detail, looking at multiple countries.
It talked about a “Goldilocks” effect, whereby about an hour of screen time a day seemed to be correlated with increased wellbeing.
But the same study found that in almost every country studied, with the fascinating exception of the Dominican Republic, high levels of internet usage were associated with lower levels of life satisfaction.
There are lots of other studies, which colleagues have referred to, that look at happiness, quality of relationships, eyesight, sleep, concentration and so on.
Then there is the rising prevalence of mental ill health in young people.
Often, when people look at the numbers on mental ill health, particularly in teenagers, they reach immediately for their preferred explanation for why teenagers are having these difficulties, and sometimes it gets quite political.
It is important to note that the rise in teenage mental ill health is not a uniquely British phenomenon.
On the two main measures of mental wellbeing used in the 2021 UNICEF-Gallup “Changing Childhood” study—“How often do you experience feeling worried, nervous or anxious?”
and “How often do you experience feeling depressed or having little interest in doing things?”—the UK was broadly in line with the average of 21 countries, including France, Germany and the US.
Actually, it was slightly better on most of the measures.
There are ample other studies from around the world, including the World Health Organisation’s multi-country “Health Behaviour in School-aged Children” study, France’s EDC—I will not attempt the language—study, which is quite a long time series, and the shorter time series in the United States, “Trends in Mental Wellbeing”.
The best study of all is the NHS’s “Mental Health of Children and Young People in England”.
I say in passing to the Minister that I do not think we have yet had a commitment from the Department of Health and Social Care to carry on with that time series.
It is incredibly valuable, and that is a relatively simple thing that the Government could do.
I have said that the rise in teenage mental ill health is not a uniquely British phenomenon.
It is also not only about covid.
A lot of the studies in recent years have set out to answer the question, “What happened to children’s mental health during covid?”
That is a perfectly legitimate question, but if we look at the shape of the curve, it looks very unlikely that it started in covid, and in the NHS study, it carries on growing long after covid, up until the most recent wave.
The Minister said this in a debate in Westminster Hall the other day, and he is right that it is entirely invalid to infer causality from correlation, but the Bradford Hill criteria, which his hon.
Friend the Member for Whitehaven and Workington mentioned, are relevant, particularly the criteria of consistency, strength, plausibility, coherence and analogy, as well as temporality.
In any event, it seems odd that we allow something to happen to our children because we cannot 100% prove that it causes harm, rather than because we can prove that it is safe.
That is not the way in which we deal with children’s toys, food or medicine.
I turn the question around and say to people who query the direction of causality: with something like self-harm, are you honestly trying to tell me that incidents of self-harm in our country are nothing to do with the prevalence and normalisation of imagery around self-harm on social media?
As I say, I worry that if we continue to seek perfect information, we simply will not act as we should.
I have pages more to say, but I will not say them, because I know that many colleagues wish to speak.
I begin by thanking my hon.