Member for Whitehaven and Workington (Josh MacAlister)  for all his work on this important topic.
I will do all I can to support him in making the online world safer for our children.
The Bill is an important precursor to the myriad changes needed in this area, and I know that many parents will support him in calling for the digital age of consent to be looked at again.
While the Bill does not call for the age limit to be raised to 16, it does call for the UK’s chief medical officer to look at this important issue in detail and, ultimately, issue a statement on whether it should be raised.
Some 75% of Brits now back raising the minimum age from 13 to 16, as per a recent survey by More in Common, for all the reasons that have been raised today, and 129,000 people signed an e-petition calling for social media companies to be banned from letting children under 16 create social media accounts.
It is past time for tech companies—and Members of this House—to take responsibility for keeping our children and young people safe.
I am not normally in favour of blanket bans, and I often talk about the importance of parents and carers taking responsibility for their children.
However, in this instance, I deviate a little.
As a parent who is wrangling with this exact issue myself, I know how difficult it is to tell a child that they cannot do something that every single other child in their class is doing.
If their group of friends interacts only online, what are the consequences for my child if I prohibit them from joining in?
Isolation?
Loneliness?
Loss of self-esteem?
There are very real costs that should not be underestimated, which is why the state needs to step in.
Members will not often hear me say this, but the state needs to step in and remove the option for all, helping parents across the country who want the best for their children without the downsides.
My hon.
Friend vividly illustrates the problem with this kind of collective action and peer pressure.
Has she reflected on the fact that it is not just the addictive nature of the application that is pulling in our kids, but the fact that they are free, and therefore everybody is encouraged to get them?
We then get 100% coverage, and it is very hard to deny them to our child, if they will be the only child without.
I concur with everything my right hon.
Friend says.
It is completely accessible to all our children, so it is very hard for one child to be kept separate from it.
That is why it is important that we address it.
However, increasing the digital age of consent is just the first step—we have so much more to do.
We also need to ban smartphones in schools for children under the age of 16.
On a typical workday, 42% of older teenagers say their smartphone is distracting them from schoolwork, and half say that social media has distracted them enough to impact their grades.
Notably, only 11% of schools are genuinely smartphone free, and children at these schools get GCSE results one to two grades higher, so there is clearly a big upside to banning smartphones in schools.
I urge the Government to seriously consider implementing this much needed restriction, which would be a game changer, protecting children and improving  educational outcomes in one fell swoop.
Our schools need this ban in statute, not just in guidance, in order to be able to effectively police and enforce it.
I pay tribute to Smartphone Free Childhood for all its work to raise awareness on this important issue.
In closing, I hope that Members will support the Bill today, which would move us forward in our mission to protect our children from an increasingly insidious online realm that they are simply not equipped to navigate.