From speaking to children and parents today, it is clear that children’s excessive screen time and unhealthy social media use are fuelling family disputes, childhood unhappiness and parental concern the length and breadth of our country.
The problem is growing and voices of concern are getting louder.
It is now time to act.
Today, the average 12-year-old spends 21 hours a week on their smartphone, which is the equivalent of four full days of school teaching a week; 93% of 12 to 15-year-olds are active social media users, and 76% of teenagers spend most of their free time on their screens.
This is a fundamental rewiring of childhood itself, and it has happened in little over a decade.
Children are spending less time outside and less time reading, exercising, exploring, meeting people and communicating in person—all the things that make childhood special and are necessary for healthy childhood development.
Instead, many of our children now spend their time captured by addictive social media and smartphone use—often sat alone, doomscrolling; being bombarded by unrealistic representations of life; communicating through asynchronous large group chats, rather than by looking at facial expressions, eye contact and body language, or learning to interact; moving less; smiling less; learning less; and growing increasingly anxious and depressed.
This rewiring of childhood has only one winner: the balance sheets of social media companies.
Their business model, the very essence of their business, is built around monetising attention.
As their understanding of our consumer habits and technology improves, the encroachment on childhood is set to get worse and worse.
What has been the impact of this transformation on childhood?
The use of smartphones and social media has grown in parallel with a sharp increase in depression and anxiety among teenagers.
The trend has been reflected around the world, and the trend lines everywhere have tightly followed one another.
Greater time spent on social media and smartphones has run in parallel with higher rates of anxiety and depression.
What are the credible explanations for this phenomenon—for the worldwide explosion in adolescent mental health problems—if not social media and smartphone use?
I am sure that nobody here needs me to highlight the crisis faced by child and adolescent mental health services.
Our NHS is desperate for any action that might help to address this.
The threat posed to our children by excessive screen time is not limited, though, to just their mental health.
There is increasing evidence of a strong association between screen time and childhood obesity.
Smartphone  use also affects sleep.
Children are 79% more likely to sleep less than the recommended eight hours if they use their phones.
Some 45% of teenagers—nearly half—stay awake beyond midnight most weeks.
This of course also has an effect on learning.
Four in 10 teenagers admit that their smartphone is distracting them in school and from the grades that they could achieve.
For some children, the ubiquitous use of smartphones has forced them into a world of round-the-clock, inescapable bullying and abuse.
Over 73% of girls and young women have experienced online harm in the last year.
The National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children has reported an 82% rise in childhood online grooming crimes in the last five years, and Ofsted found that 90% of girls and nearly half of all boys have been sent explicit pictures or videos.
This bombardment on childhood has not gone unnoticed outside of this building.
Across the country, the number of incredible campaigners who have built huge communities calling for change has directly led to today’s debate.
That is why I need to take a moment to thank all those who have contributed in some way to the development of this Bill and this debate, many of whom are in the Public Gallery.
First, I must reserve my biggest thanks to Ben Kingsley of Safe Screens, and Joe and Daisy Ryrie and everyone else at Smartphone Free Childhood.