By explaining that there are so many fragmented and—no doubt—contradictory sources of information, surely the right hon.
Gentleman is making the argument for there to be a single source of advice to parents right across the United Kingdom?
Surely this Bill will create an authoritative set of guidance for parents that they can share with their children.
I am not convinced that the guidance created by this Bill will be any more authoritative than that created by the NSPCC or by Internet Matters.
The point I was making was not necessarily that the guidance is going to be pivotal, but that we need to get to a critical mass of observance before guidance is likely to have any impact.
The original Bill was likely to do that, not least through the ban in schools, which created a nucleus of clear space for children that could be translated into homes.
Many Members may have heard on the BBC this morning a short piece on the Fulham boys school, which has an absolute ban on even bringing a smartphone to school.
That ban during the school period has resulted in the periods before and after school also being phone-free, and therefore much more social and beneficial to those pupils.
I urge the right hon.
Gentleman to be slightly less sceptical about the value of CMO advice.
As he knows, I have campaigned for many years on  acquired brain injury, particularly in relation to concussion or sub-concussive events in sport.
It was a very significant change when, under the previous Administration, the British Government brought forward specific advice in relation to concussion in sport.
That has changed practices in lots of sports around the country, and I am hopeful that authoritative advice of this kind could make a significant difference.
I would be willing to accept the hon.
Gentleman’s encouragement if this were advice to schools, but it is not; it is advice to parents and carers.
If there were going to be authoritative advice for schools, as well as other organisations that have charge of children—scout troops, children’s clubs, and other publicly funded organisations that look after children—I would have said, “Possibly,” even though there is to be a 12-month delay before the CMO tells us stuff we already know, as the hon.
Member for Whitehaven and Workington pointed out.
The second step is for the Government to publish a plan for research within 12 months.
That is not the conclusion of research, and there is no time limit—just a plan, a vague aspiration that we should have a plan, with no commencement, no sense of budget and no idea of when it might come.
I am sorry to say that the hon.
Member for Whitehaven and Workington has been sold a cosmetic pup.
The third and final point is that the Government have to publish this “assessment”—whatever that may be—which, as far as I can see, is fundamentally to tell us something we already know, and which the hon.
Gentleman has illustrated extremely vividly.
We should all be furious about the delay and prevarication that is being injected into what could have been a huge step forward for parents and children.
I am one of the people who is very angry about this, and my right hon.
Friend is a co-sponsor of this Bill, so his disappointment must be even greater.
However, does he agree that one way forward would be for this Bill, with its present inadequate drafting, to get its Second Reading and go into Committee?
The people’s representatives in Committee would then be able to restore the Bill into something closer to what they expected.
I was going to come on to that later, but my hon.
Friend is completely right.
I support very much what the right hon.
Gentleman is saying about the need for urgent action.