I want to thank Ellen Roome, Mariano Janin, Lisa Kenevan, Ruth Moss, Lorin LaFave, Amanda and Stuart Stephens, and Esther Ghey for their bravery and for engaging with the development of the Bill.
With the problems so stark and the calls for change so loud, what is being done to respond to those issues around the world?
Just this week, the Republican governor of the conservative state of Utah has passed America’s first law mandating age verification for app stores, to ensure that children use only age-appropriate apps, when their parents are happy for them to do so.
Australia has legislated for an outright ban on social media below the age of 16, which will come into force later this year, and last week Denmark moved to ban mobile phones in schools and after-school clubs.
Last year, Norway increased the minimum age limit on social media to 15 by changing the age of consent for data sharing.
France has done the same, and has pushed for measures to be taken across the EU.
Will it be just British children who are left unprotected against addictive harms of smartphones and social media?
We cannot let that happen; we must act.
It is time that we caught up.
That is why I am so pleased to be debating this issue today, following months of engagement across Government and beyond, with hundreds of health and education professionals; children’s, youth and online safety charities; parents, and young people themselves.
I introduced the Bill because of the stark difference between conversations taking place out there in the country and the debates that we have here in the nation’s Parliament.
It is fair to say that the public are well ahead of politicians on this issue.
Today marks progress towards Parliament finally catching up with the mood of the nation.
The Bill has been drafted to secure explicit Government backing.
It has been written to achieve change rather than just to highlight the issue.
That is why it is narrower than where I started when this campaign began six months ago.
I hope that the Minister will confirm in his response that the Government will take forward the measures in the Bill.
What does the Bill do?
Most importantly, it commits the Government to coming back within a year with a decision on whether to raise the digital age of consent from 13 to 16.
Under general data protection regulation, the standard age of consent was set at 16.
However, countries can choose to vary it to as low as 13, which is what the UK chose to do at the time.
The appropriateness of that decision must be   assessed, given the ways in which social media companies are now using teenagers’ data to keep them hooked to their platforms.
I thank my hon.
Friend for all the work that he has done on this issue.
When decision makers chose to set the age at 13 rather than 16, what evidence did they use and what detailed work did they do to ensure that the decision was grounded in evidence and good for children?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that important question.
Most countries landed on the age of 13 as a result of a protracted negotiation in the US Senate about data and online safety many years ago.
That policy was not based on evidence; it was based on the compromise of a committee in another country.
We must base such decisions on evidence, and there was no firm evidence for picking 13 over any other age.
Alarm bells on the question of data and consent are already ringing.
Just this week, the Information Commissioner announced an investigation into how TikTok uses the personal information of 13 to 17-year-olds in order to make recommendations to them.