I hope that today’s debate can bury the argument that responsibility for this problem lies with parents struggling with that impossible challenge.
I just thought my hon.
Friend might like know that I will not be making any of the arguments that he is arguing I should not argue.
I welcome the Minister’s intervention, and I am glad to have boxed off those five.
There are moments when politics falls behind the public mood.
The process and traditions of our democratic system make it difficult to keep up with the rapidly evolving world of tech and social media, but this Parliament works best when it is a reflection of the problems and concerns of the people and a Chamber for earnest problem solving and action.
Over the last few months, I have been encouraged by the sheer volume of support for this Bill and this debate, which comes from across the country, across the ages and across the House.
My firm belief is that unless we as politicians are able to be the disruptors on this issue and solve it, we will be left being disrupted by it.
Acting assertively together and sooner will bring benefits for our tech industry and public services, the quality of family life in the UK and, most importantly, the opportunities for our children.
For those reasons, I commend this Bill to the House.
The hon.
Member for Whitehaven and Workington (Josh MacAlister) , from the far and beautiful north-west, has made an extremely strong case for the original Bill that  he envisaged bringing before this House.
I am afraid that today I will speak not to celebrate progress, but to lament the gutting of what could have been a landmark Bill.
Sadly, this Government, like the last—notwithstanding the Online Safety Act 2023—have dithered, diluted and capitulated, and I am afraid that what remains is a hollowed-out gesture and an opportunity missed.
As the hon.
Gentleman said, the evidence is strong, the damage is profound and the public support is overwhelming.
Documentary after documentary details the significant damage being done to our young people on a daily basis.
Parent after parent in millions of homes across the land is screaming for help and assistance from the Government.
As the hon.
Gentleman rightly pointed out, we are allowing smoking for the brain in our youngest children, with the long-term impact that that will have.
I am afraid to say that in the face of all that overwhelming evidence and momentum, the hon.
Gentleman has been done over in bringing forward this Bill.
When we look at what we are presented with, as I said, we have nothing more than a gesture.
The first point is that the CMO should bring forward guidance.
As the hon.
Gentleman surely knows, there is already plenty of guidance out there for parents—the NSPCC has online guidance, as does Internet Matters.
Lots of organisations, including schools themselves, are issuing guidance for parents.
In truth, the CMO producing guidance within 12 months will be no more effective than those organisations have been, and possibly less.
As the hon.
Gentleman himself pointed out, we are dealing with a collective action issue.
An organisation can issue guidance, and a small percentage of parents may pick up that guidance and observe it, but if the percentage is below 20%, so strong is the peer pressure and so addictive is what we are dealing with that those parents end up in screaming matches with their teenage children on a daily basis.
By explaining that there are so many fragmented and—no doubt—contradictory sources of information, surely the right hon.
Gentleman is making the argument for there to be a single source of advice to parents right across the United Kingdom?
Surely this Bill will create an authoritative set of guidance for parents that they can share with their children.