If the hon.
Gentleman will bear with me for a moment, I will come to some of the points that I think he wanted to emphasise.
In the end, in both those cases—seatbelts and smoking—legislation had  the effect of changing behaviour and changing societal norms, and in both cases, decades on from the introduction of legislation, it is hard to imagine that the regulation was ever controversial.
Last year, the Select Committee recommended action across Departments to protect children from addiction, online harms and the mental health impacts of excessive use of smartphones.
It supported a ban on mobile phones in schools and recommended a formal monitoring mechanism for a ban introduced through guidance, potentially leading to a ban in legislation.
It recommended guidance for parents, whom it found to be lacking in confidence when it came to knowing exactly how to tackle this issue affecting children and young people, and recommended that the guidance should include—particularly for parents of babies and very young children—an emphasis on the importance of face-to-face interactions with their children, and guidance on the impact of screen use by parents while caring for very young children.
That is an aspect that we do not debate enough in this place.
The Select Committee supported an increase to 16 as the age of digital consent and recommended, among other developments, the promotion of a children’s class of phone that can be used for parental contact and for GPS locations, but not for internet access.
I share the worry expressed by many Members that the Government are not acting with the urgency that is required in the face of the evidence they already have.
The Bill will deliver, even in the form in which it has been presented today, some positive interventions that will make a difference, but I fear that the Government are doing too little too slowly.
Parents want strong legislation, schools want strong legislation, and strong legislation will help to change societal norms in the way that is needed to protect children and young people and to stop the harms.
The Education Committee will take a close interest in what happens from now on—the impact of the measures that the Government are introducing—but I urge the Government to get on quickly with the review and the guidance to which they will commit themselves today, and to go further and establish, with urgency and speed, a framework in law that can help parents, schools and professionals working with children to deal with a challenge that we all need to get to grips with.
I am pleased to speak in support of the Bill.
I must start by declaring an interest: I am a mother of three children who enjoy nothing more than staring at their screens day in, day out—if they could, they would be on them 24/7.
No longer are our children clamouring to go out and play or to see their friends; instead, they want to do everything through a screen.
They want to watch endless YouTube videos.
I never realised that the unpacking of a toy or slime making could hold such interest.
It seems that they take their joy in watching others do things online—even, rather bizarrely, playing computer games—instead of actually doing them in the real world.
I would be a hypocrite if I did not call out my own behaviour on this front.
I, too, am addicted to my phone.
Yes, I need it for this job, so I can justify some of my  use, but I often find myself endlessly doomscrolling, and I am too embarrassed to tell the House how many hours I spend staring at it every week.
At least my addiction started when I was a fully developed adult, after a childhood of play and socialisation when I learned much-needed life skills.
This generation of children is not so lucky.
The huge amount of time spent online is incredibly damaging in so many ways.