Friend is completely right.
I support very much what the right hon.
Gentleman is saying about the need for urgent action.
What conversations were had before  4 July  last year about tightening up legislation around smartphones, because this problem did not start on the day of the general election, but was there when his party was in government?
As I said at the start of my speech, I lament the dithering and delay by the previous Government, too.
There were attempts by Back Benchers—and I was one for the last two years of the Government—to change the Online Safety Bill to take exactly these sort of measures.
That was rebuffed by Ministers at that stage, and I regret that completely.
To me, this is a national, if not international, emergency, about which we are being  far too passive and complacent.
I am not necessarily making a political point about this; it is about the weight of Government and, frankly, the weight and influence of big tech against the health and welfare of our children.
That applies to Governments of all stripes in all countries across the world.
It is not just we in this Chamber who should be furious.
There are plenty of people out there in the country who should be furious, because two key things were promised in the original Bill.
The first was an absolute school ban.
All Members will know that when they go to visit schools, one of the features coming through strongly when we talk to headteachers is the increase in parental aggression towards schools.
The source of conflict at the school gate is around all sorts of issues, not least the use of phones in schools.
By advocating a complete blanket ban on phones in schools, we would be removing at one stroke a source of conflict between parent and teacher, as well as at the same time creating completely clear space for those kids to concentrate on their education.
In school upon school across the country, they are bringing in their own policies, often in the teeth of opposition, whether parental or from children.
Their life is made immeasurably more difficult by not having an absolute ban.
The second thing that was promised and the second reason why we should be furious was the raising of the digital age of consent.
By not including that in the Bill, we are consenting to those tech companies—as they have admitted in meetings in the run-up to this Bill—using children’s data to addict them to their services.
We know that happens, and we see it happening.
Anybody who has a teenage child and has tried desperately to move them off from cradling this precious phone at the dinner table or even from watching TV at the same time will see how they cannot get away from their phone and will realise the addictive nature.
The fact that neither of those two steps is now in the Bill is, I am afraid, deeply lamentable.
It feels to me as though the Government have capitulated to big tech.
I had a look online to see—I am not casting aspersions—but it would be helpful if the Minister could tell us in his remarks what meetings he had with big tech companies in the run-up to this Bill, and whether he has consulted or spoken to them. [
Interruption.]
The Minister is indicating zero, and that is useful to know, but I cannot then understand why the Government have pressured the new Member for Whitehaven and Workington to produce what is, frankly, a cosmetic pup, betraying our children and capitulating to big tech.
I am afraid that this Bill is a shell of what it could have been, and as a result is yet another missed opportunity to improve the lives of our young people.
I start by paying tribute to my hon.