Parents and future generations will not forgive us if we do not act swiftly.
In the Government’s assessment under clause 3, I hope that we will finally see a recognition that the status quo is not working for children or parents and that radical action is needed.
Only then can we work to ensure that children can grow up and develop without trauma, without harm and without being addicted to being harmed and traumatised.
This Bill gets us closer to that, and I am happy to support it.
Our children’s use of phones and social media give us many things to worry about, but broadly speaking they are grouped into three categories.
The first is about content, going from pornography and violence and the insidious effects of curated lives, influencers and celebs on our children and their sense of self-worth, their body image and so on through to dodgy news and views propagated across the internet not by worth, let alone veracity, but by engagement and likes.
All of those things have vortexes that children can get sucked deeper and deeper into.
The second is about contact.
Contact includes, in the worst cases, child abuse and the generation of child sexual abuse material, and goes through to, at a lower level, contact that can be from other children, such as what we call in this House cyber-bullying, although no child ever uses that phrase; they just talk about people being very mean to each other online.
The third is about the sheer amount of children’s time that gets sucked into these activities.
It is the compounding factor, because it is the thing that makes the other two things, content and contact, worse and more risky.
It also has an effect on children’s sleep, on their concentration and even on their physical development, and it crowds out the other things that we want children to be doing and that children themselves want to be doing, when they do actually do them.
If we ever do get a child away from their phone for a full weekend, they talk about how wonderful the experience was with their friends.
The Online Safety Act 2023 did some good things on content and on contact.
There was more to do, but it made some good progress.
We have a lot more to do, in particular on the topic of time and the addictiveness of social media, and that is where I think the work of  the hon.
Member for Whitehaven and Workington (Josh MacAlister)  has been incredibly valuable.
I commend  him on all his work in the lead up to this point and his use of convening power to bring together so many individuals and organisations.
Those conversations, some of which I had the opportunity to attend, covered a huge range.
Obviously the Bill we have in front of us today is, shall we say, somewhat thinner than the Bill envisaged.
I also attended events that the hon.
Member for Whitehaven and Workington pulled together.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that the strong characteristic that came out of all of them was deep and profound anger among parents about what has been allowed to develop?
I think that is right.
The other thing I was struck by in some of the sessions was the great unity of views.
Whether it was trade unions, charities, parent groups, doctors or parents, there was a great commonality of view about what needed to be done.
I understand what happens sometimes with private Members’ Bills and the need to make progress and to have Government support, but I say to the Government that this is a huge missed opportunity.
If the Minister looks behind him, he will see all his colleagues who have rearranged their Fridays and rearranged their surgeries and all their appointments because they believe in this subject.
He should heed the list that his hon.