Our schools need this ban in statute, not just in guidance, in order to be able to effectively police and enforce it.
I pay tribute to Smartphone Free Childhood for all its work to raise awareness on this important issue.
In closing, I hope that Members will support the Bill today, which would move us forward in our mission to protect our children from an increasingly insidious online realm that they are simply not equipped to navigate.
I also hope that this is just the beginning, and that in moving forward we will see the digital age of consent raised to 16 and a ban on smartphones in school.
The value of those two changes alone would be huge for our society, and would safeguard the wellbeing of this and future generations of children.
I cannot think of anything more important.
I come to this debate as somebody who bought their first mobile phone 30 years ago, at the age of 23—I was hoping Members would look more surprised at that. [
Laughter.]
Division!
I thank the Minister for that.
I remember clearly the joy of phoning the landline from bed and asking my housemates to bring me a cup of tea, the excitement of sending and receiving my first text message and the infantile joy of playing Snake while waiting for a train.
No one could have predicted where we would be by this point.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Whitehaven and Workington (Josh MacAlister)  for introducing the Bill, which is an essential step forward for online safety.
It demonstrates his genuine commitment to addressing this critical issue and raises awareness in this place and across the country of the pressing need for a legally recognised age of internet adulthood to correspond with the very adult content available online.
For too long, tech bosses have moved forward unchecked while our children have borne the consequences of algorithms that, at best, are designed to create a generation of screen addicts and, at worst, expose young people to harmful and disturbing content.
Fifteen years ago, many tech leaders claimed that the rising mental health crisis among children and young people was unrelated to screen use.
However, emerging data refutes that.
A study from King’s College London revealed that nearly 25%—one in four, for those who still use old money—of children and young people engage with their smartphones in a manner consistent with behavioural addiction.
Indeed, we are not dealing with the same passive tech bosses who were satisfied in just promoting that addictive quality to sell their platforms to children.
Even in the past year, the digital landscape has shifted so much that some tech bosses are actively refusing to remove violent material and eating disorder content from their platforms, under the guise that doing so would infringe those individuals’ free speech.
As we all know, there is a considerable disparity between the two, which is why I strongly support raising the age of digital adulthood.
This issue is particularly urgent in my constituency of the Isle of Wight West, where young people face some of the highest rates of under-18 mental health and  self-harm-related hospital admissions in the south-east—they are also among the highest in the country.
Accessing the necessary support is made even more difficult by the island’s isolation.
The high cost and limited availability of ferry travel—hon.
Members were waiting for me to say that—creates significant barriers, leaving many young people struggling without the help they need.
Already facing the pressures of an increasingly connected world, they are further disadvantaged by transport restrictions that make seeking specialist care on the mainland far more challenging.
Tech companies have proved time and again that they see kids as nothing more than pound signs.