Across the country, the number of incredible campaigners who have built huge communities calling for change has directly led to today’s debate.
That is why I need to take a moment to thank all those who have contributed in some way to the development of this Bill and this debate, many of whom are in the Public Gallery.
First, I must reserve my biggest thanks to Ben Kingsley of Safe Screens, and Joe and Daisy Ryrie and everyone else at Smartphone Free Childhood.
I refer Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests, to see the value of the contributions in kind that they have made to get us here today.
I am extremely grateful for all their hard work and dedication to this cause.
Their continued leadership on this issue gives me enormous confidence that laws will ultimately change to tackle these issues.
I also put on record my thanks to the tens of thousands of parents who wrote to their MPs via Smartphone Free Childhood—and I apologise to the 630 Members of this House who got extra emails to respond to in the process.
I would like to associate myself with my hon.
Friend’s warm words about Daisy and Joe, who are both constituents of mine.
Does he also recognise the impact that their ambition has had, and will continue to have, long after this debate?
Their dedicated work has helped to start real and meaningful conversations about smartphone usage in schools across the UK.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The campaign they have started will only grow over time.
I agree with the hon.
Gentleman’s comments so far, but the emails I have received from constituents who support his campaign make reference to “raising the age of ‘internet adulthood’ from 13 to 16” and “to help support the ban on phones in school being brought by MP Josh MacAlister”.
He will forgive me for saying that nothing he has said so far requires legislation.
The Bill he has brought could all be achieved by the Minister just deciding to ask the chief medical officer to produce a report, or the Minister producing a plan.
What has happened to the legislative action that was clearly in earlier drafts of his legislation and which campaigners clearly want?
I will get to that in my speech.
I am keen to get on to those points, and I will address the questions the hon.
Gentleman has asked.
The Smartphone Free Childhood campaign has grown from zero members to over 200,000 in less than a year, which shows the strength of feeling in the country on this issue.
It would be remiss of me not to start by thanking my hon.
Friend for the leadership he has shown on the issue.
He has started a big conversation not just in this Chamber, but right across the country.
That is certainly true in my constituency, where we have a fantastic local Smartphone Free Childhood campaign group, and lots of the young people I meet on my school visits and in campaigning conversations across the constituency have real concerns about this topic.
As always, the views of parents and young people on these things tend to lead the way.
Does he agree that, as well as being ambitious about gathering evidence, we will need to become more comfortable with the idea of legislating in this area with the same precautionary principle that we apply in every other aspect of children’s lives, to ensure that we protect them from the harms they are expressing to us?
I completely agree that progress is inevitable, given the strength of feeling in the country on the matter.