If so, I have to tell her that we believe those figures to be flawed in multiple respects, including in assumptions they make about the money and the number of children in schools in previous years.
I hope she will join me in celebrating the record resourcing rightly going in to educating children.
I welcome the record real-terms funding flowing into our schools, but will my right hon.
Friend join me in looking very carefully at the case for extending funding for tutoring?
It has raised attainment, in particular for the most disadvantaged, in many of our schools, and been seen as a great success story.
When it was introduced, it was intended to be a long-term intervention.
May I urge the Minister to continue to look at that and ensure we find money, in addition to the pupil premium, to support that noble aim?
I absolutely agree that tutoring is important in multiple contexts.
In particular, in the years since the pandemic it has played an essential part.
I will add that tutoring by undergraduates can help to introduce a wider range of people to the potential of a career in teaching.
I want tutoring to continue.
As my hon.
Friend rightly mentions, part of the function of the pupil premium is to make such interventions and it can be spent on them.
A teacher in Frome recently reached out and told me that too few pupils are successful in their education, health and care plan applications.
Without a plan and the accompanying support for children’s life chances, they are diminished.
Can the Minister reassure my constituents that the Government’s plans to reform the EHCP will still ensure that children receive care that is personalised to their needs and not a one-size-fits-all approach to cut costs?
I absolutely and wholeheartedly agree with the hon.
Lady on the central importance of that support and how vital it is to have it.
There are, of course, many more EHCPs than there were statements under the old system, with more children receiving  support.
She will understand that I cannot comment on the individual case she mentions, but I will mention the special educational needs and disabilities and alternative provision improvement plan that we have in place.
I welcome the substantial additional funding that has been given to maintained nursery schools in my constituency, but does the Minister agree that it is vital for us to continue to increase funding for all Barnet’s schools?
As ever, my right hon.
Friend is a great champion and advocate for Barnet’s schools and, indeed, for maintained nursery schools, which, as she says, play a unique role in our system in carrying out those particular functions.
I call the shadow Minister.
Last year the National Audit Office reported that 700,000 children were being taught in schools needing major rebuilding works.
On top of the problems caused by reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete, construction issues are emerging daily with block and beam flooring, high-alumina cement and asbestos—all long past their shelf life—up in North Tyneside and down to Luton and beyond.
Fourteen years of Conservative Governments have left children learning under props and in portacabins and sheds.
Given that this Government’s plan seems to be to leave it for the next Labour Government to sort out those problems, can the Minister at least inform us of the latest estimate of the total school repairs bill?
Keeping our school estates in the right condition for optimally educating children is of the foremost importance.
Since 2015 we have allocated £15 billion to keeping schools safe and operational.
I pay tribute to everyone who has been involved in the most recent RAAC issue, including the schools and pupils who dealt with it and my colleagues who helped to ensure that we reached this point.
All schools have been told what will happen next: either they will receive a remediation grant, or they will be part of the school rebuilding programme.