What progress her Department has made on rebuilding Skelton Primary School in Cleveland.
Skelton Primary School was announced in the second round of the school rebuilding programme in July 2021.
It is the second school in a batch being delivered by the contractor  Tilbury Douglas.
We therefore expect construction work on this complete new build to begin in late summer and complete next year.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his answer, which is reassuring news, because Skelton Primary is a very good school but it is in need of a comprehensive rebuild.
The headteacher, Mrs Walker, worked through last summer in the expectation that the rebuild could begin as soon as this Easter, but that has not happened, because the builders came back saying that more money was required.
Will my right hon.
Friend assure me that that date of the end of the summer is now fixed?
Will it be possible for me to meet the civil service team in charge to discuss this with them further?
I acknowledge all that my right hon.
Friend says.
I can reassure him that the scope of works, including all funding committed, has been confirmed on this new build.
However, of course, if it would be helpful to have a meeting, I would be happy to do this.
What steps her Department is taking to encourage take-up of degree-level apprenticeships.
I note that the Labour Front Benchers did not mention the 222,320 starts on degree apprenticeships since their introduction in 2014-15.
There are now more than 170 employer-designed degree-level apprenticeships available, including in occupations such as doctor, space engineer and midwife.
We are spending an additional £40 million in the next two years to support providers to promote degree apprenticeships.
Businesses in my constituency regularly tell me that they much prefer apprentices and those who have taken degree-level apprenticeships to traditional graduates.
That came up time and again in a recent engagement event I held with Buckinghamshire Business First at Ercol in Princes Risborough.
Will my right hon.
Friend tell me what more the Government are going to do to send a clear signal to all pupils across the whole country that degree-level apprenticeships are out there, they should sign up for them and they will have fantastic careers ahead of them?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
He is a champion of the automotive and motorsport industry in his constituency.
He will be pleased to know that we now have UCAS for apprenticeships, which will transform the apprenticeship scheme when students apply for university or apprenticeships.
The apprenticeship skills and knowledge network goes to thousands of schools, interacting with many hundreds of thousands of students.
As I mentioned, we are spending £40 million to promote degree apprenticeships among providers.
We have strengthened legislation to ensure that schools do more to promote apprenticeships and technical and vocational education.
What steps she is taking to ensure school pupils are informed about apprenticeship opportunities.
My hon.
Friend is a champion of FE and skills—he has asked a lot of questions about the subject over the past months.
We want apprenticeships to be part of the careers conversations in every school.
We have strengthened the law so that schools must offer pupils at least six education and training provider encounters.
We have invested £3.2 million in the apprenticeship skills and knowledge network, which reached over 2,300 schools and colleges in 2022-23.
Vandyke Upper School in Leighton Buzzard, which I visited last week, tells every student about apprenticeships and has an excellent apprenticeships ambassador.
As the Minister will know, sadly not every school does this.
Most teachers have been to university and they may not know about apprenticeships, so what can we do to ensure that every school tells every student about apprenticeships, as Vandyke Upper School does, because they can be life-transforming for the right students?
My hon.
Friend speaks a lot of wisdom.
I congratulate Vandyke Upper School on its work.