Gentleman’s longevity and seniority, and to the fact that on the day he was born, the House was bombed, during whichever war it was—I think it was the second world war.
He said that we are unable to defend ourselves, and I totally and utterly reject that claim.
If Putin had succeeded in his invasion of Ukraine, yes, we would have been looking at a situation similar to that in the late 1930s, but that invasion has not succeeded.
The reason for that is the involvement of this Government, who took extraordinary steps to train Ukrainians; provided vital munitions, such as next-generation light anti-tank weapons, before the war started; ensured that we were the first country to provide tanks; and encouraged other nations to provide enormous amounts of arms.
Without that, the world would be an even less safe place, but I accept that it is becoming more dangerous, which is why we are supporting our armed forces, and why we are playing such a massive role in NATO’s Steadfast Defender exercise.
The hon.
Member for Huddersfield (Mr Sheerman)  referred to Members on both sides of the House.
Is there not a clear distinction between Members on either side of the House, namely that from the Prime Minister and the Chancellor downwards there is a commitment and an agreement to defence spending amounting to 2.5% of GDP, while in stark contrast Labour Members, while suggesting that they are a Government in waiting, are not prepared to commit themselves to 2.5%, or even to our current spending commitments?
There is unity on the Conservative side, and complete disunity on the other.
In my hon.
Friend’s constituency, which I had the pleasure of visiting recently, there are many defence interests, and he has hit the nail on the  head.
We have heard all the theatrics, but the fact is that we have not a clue what the Opposition will spend on defence.
Labour Members have not even confirmed that they will spend the existing 2.3%, let alone 2.5%.
The conflict in Ukraine is a stark reminder of why we must take our defence incredibly seriously.
The Minister has just said that the world is becoming a more dangerous place.
Does he therefore agree that his Government’s decision to cut our UK troops to 10,000 was irresponsible, and will he commit himself to reversing those cuts and ensuring that the British Army is the requisite size to defend the United Kingdom and its allies?
As I have said, we have just committed 40% of the land force personnel to the Steadfast Defender exercise.
NATO is the key to the defence of this nation, and indeed the whole continent, in conventional terms.
We should recognise the enormous contribution of our armed forces, and the fact that we have increased spending significantly.
However, I hear what colleagues are saying, as does the Secretary of State.
We have set out the case for 2.5%, but we want that 2.5% to be sustainable, so that the economy can afford it over the long term, and that will be possible through growth and sensible measures on fiscal policy.
The Minister conceded earlier that funding for Ukraine and the escalating nuclear cost were at the expense of restoring the viability of our frontline readiness, but deterrence is a lot cheaper than war.
Surely our support for Ukraine and the deterrent should be a charge on the general fund, rather than further hollowing out our conventional armed forces.
I do not believe I made that point about nuclear.
The right hon.
Gentleman has said that these factors are at the expense of the frontline, but nuclear is the frontline.
We have had the continuous at-sea deterrent patrolling in defence of this country every year since 1969, as I recall.
We have had it for a long time, and it is fundamental to our defence.
The idea that that is not frontline spending is extraordinary.