I note the range of comments about the 2.5% and want to make several points.
The first is that the right hon.
Gentleman said that we had not spent that percentage since Labour were in power.
Well, something extraordinary happened at the end of their time in power: they crashed the economy, we had a full-on banking crisis and a letter was left for our Government saying “there is no money.”
It is no surprise that we had to take difficult decisions, but despite that we have shown our commitment to the armed forces.
When he was Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Prime Minister approved the largest ever increase in defence spending since the cold war, and there has been further money since then in the Budget.
Of course, we are committed to 2.5% when the circumstances allow.
For all the right hon.
Gentleman’s bluster, he has not even  committed to matching our current spending on defence, let alone 2.5%; we challenged him on that at Defence orals and he was not able to give any commitment whatever to spending.
The public know where we stand: 2.3% in the year ahead and 2.5% when the economics allow.
We do not have a clue where Labour stands.
I agree with the Minister that we have extraordinarily capable armed forces whose productivity is second to none.
However, as is set out in “Ready for War?”,
our Defence Committee report, they are extremely engaged globally and have a great deal to do, much of which is invaluable.
At the same time, they are having to prepare for the “pre-war” phase to which the Defence Secretary referred.
In that context, does my hon.
Friend agree that the timing of the 2.5% target—that is very welcome and a very good first step—needs to be determined by the level of threat as a priority expenditure, rather than as economic conditions allow?
I do not think that we can commit to levels of public expenditure or tax cuts, for example, without being confident that the economy can support them in a prudent fashion—an entirely reasonable and rational approach.
However, I totally agree with my right hon.
Friend the Chair of the Defence Committee.
We all recognise that we are living in a more dangerous world—the Secretary of State has alluded to the threats we face not just in Ukraine but in respect of other adversaries around the world—and I totally understand why there is the wider debate on what we spend, but we already have a significant budget, and we must ensure that it is spent well and delivers value for money.
That is why a key priority for me is reform of our procurement system so that we can ensure that our armed forces can prioritise effectively.
Ultimately, it is the capability that we have now that will determine our ability to warfight.
I call the SNP spokesman.
I congratulate the shadow Defence Secretary on securing the urgent question and join him and the Minister in remembering those on HMS Richmond.
On Friday, the Public Accounts Committee’s found that the
“MoD is increasingly reliant on the UK’s allies to protect our national interests.
NATO membership deters hostility, but the report warns such deterrence can only be effective if our Armed Forces are credible.”
To paraphrase the report, given that many of our allies face similar capability challenges, is the Ministry of Defence developing mitigations for dealing with the risk of allied support being curtailed or withdrawn if, critically, there is a change of Administration in Washington come November?
To be fair to the hon.
Gentleman, he makes an important point about the importance of alliances.
NATO is fundamental to the defence of our country, the wider western world and our allies beyond.