There is one way we can find out what the public think: call a general election.
Last week, we heard another promise from the Chancellor for a new funding mechanism for early years providers.
There was talk of hundreds of millions of pounds more for the sector, but strangely no news about where the promised £500 million will actually come from—there was nothing at all in the Budget documents.
Will the Secretary of State tell us today where the money is coming from, or is this yet another reckless, unfunded pledge without a plan from the Conservatives?
There would be no childcare on the table if the Labour party were in charge, so I urge all working parents to support the Conservative party, which has a plan for them.
Like everything we do, the £500 million will be fully funded.
It secures the rates in the future so that businesses up and down the country have the confidence to invest.
The Labour party has absolutely no plan for childcare and for supporting working parents in this country.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State has rightly championed childcare and early education.
I congratulate her on the £500 million in this year’s Budget, on top of the billions committed last year to the sector—
indicated dissent.
It is in the Red Book.
I am happy to meet the hon.
Lady to show her where it is.
I urge the Secretary of State to keep pressing on some of the Education Committee’s other recommendations, including on extending family hubs, removing rates and VAT from childcare providers, and reforming tax-free childcare to drive take-up.
This Conservative Government are backing this country’s brilliant childcare providers as we roll out our historic childcare offer.
As my hon.
Friend has pointed out, that is on top of the roll-out of universal services in family hubs.
To give certainty to the early years sector, we have confirmed that average funding rates will increase over the next two financial years—as he stated, the details are in the Red Book—giving them the confidence to invest and expand.
Only the Conservatives have a plan for hard-working parents.
I call the SNP spokesman.
Academic independence is central to a functioning democracy, so in light of the false accusations levelled at an academic on the board of UK Research and Innovation by the Secretary of State’s colleague, the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology, and her subsequent apology, what action is the Secretary of State taking to assure academics that they remain free to make legitimate comments on issues of concern?
Of course, academic independence and the ability to speak freely are very important—they are things that we hold dear, and that we must protect at all costs within our universities and academic institutions.
That is why we passed the Higher Education (Freedom of Speech) Act 2023, and it is why there is a free speech director in the Office for Students, who has taken up that post and will work to ensure we do whatever we can to protect those things in our country.
I have four grammar schools in my constituency, which provide an important and very popular element of a diverse education system.
Therefore, will the Minister please commit today to continue her support of grammar schools, both now and in the future?
I support all great schools in our diverse school system, including strong grammar schools.
I continue to encourage grammar schools to increase access for disadvantaged pupils, which can help so much with social mobility.
Acre Rigg Infant School in Peterlee was given a 25-year life expectancy when it was built in 1950.
It has asbestos in every wall and a metal structure made from recycled world war two aircraft.
Seaham Trinity Primary School has lifting floors, rising damp, black mould caused by a faulty roof, leaking pipes and poor screeding.
It is a £5.3 million school that was built in 2008 by Surgo.