The Minister keeps saying we should not talk down our armed forces, but we are not; the armed forces are doing a splendid, brilliant job.
What we are doing is running down what the Government are doing, which is not enough—let us put it that way.
We have the greatest threat since the cold war.
We have war in Ukraine, the middle east in disarray and China increasing its spending.
The real blame for the situation with defence lies with the Prime Minister and the Chancellor.
Does the Minister think, in these circumstances, that most reasonable people would have thought it okay not to put extra resources in the Budget for defence?
When the Prime Minister was Chancellor, he oversaw the biggest increase in spending since the cold war.
The current Chancellor significantly increased defence spending in the previous Budget for the years ahead.
We are not cutting defence spending.
As I said, if the hon.
Gentleman takes the figures in totality, it will rise by 1.8% in real terms.
If we spend what we expect to next year, we will spend 2.3% of GDP on defence—around £55.6 billion.
May I make a suggestion to my hon.
Friend?
It is perfectly clear that the MOD wants to increase defence spending, as does the Opposition spokesperson,  the right hon.
Member for Wentworth and Dearne (John Healey) , if we are to take his criticisms at all seriously.
Is the right question to ask whether we are spending enough to prevent a war, not to fight a war?
How much more do we need to spend to be an effective deterrent, which we do not appear to be at the moment?
As I said, it is important that we engage in the key capability questions.
It is one thing to talk about spending more, but what capabilities would we purchase, and where are our shortcomings?
It must be a new development at the heart of defence to have a constant feedback loop of data on integrated warfighting and what is happening in Ukraine, with the armed services and with industry, so that we know what capabilities will make the difference.
To give one example, we have seen the extraordinary impact of uncrewed weapons in Ukraine.
We have made assumptions about technologies in our equipment plan, which are probably far more expensive than those options.
We need to look at this from a warfighting point of view.
To support deterrence, the important thing is to back our armed forces.
That is why we have our spending commitment, but it has to be balanced against the ability of the economy to support it and sustain it in the long term.
The Times recently illustrated that the British Army will shrink in size to 67,000 within the next two years due to the current recruitment and retention crisis.
Our senior and  close allies, including the US, have expressed their grave concerns, and even senior Conservatives have conceded that our armed forces have been hollowed out since 2010.
As threats to the UK increase, why have the Government shrunk our Army to its smallest size since Napoleon?
The hon.
Gentleman talks about a crisis in recruitment but, as I said, January saw the highest number of applications to join the Army for six years.
That is an important and positive development.
On the size of the armed forces, we should talk about not just the number of soldiers, but the amount of accommodation to support them, and the platforms, the weapons and the capabilities.
That is an extremely expensive undertaking.
If the hon.
Gentleman thinks that that is the right thing to do, he needs to lobby his colleagues on his own Front Bench, because they have not committed to spending 2% of GDP on defence, let alone 2.5%.
As a former Armed Forces Minister, I pay high tribute to His Majesty’s armed forces but not to His Majesty’s Treasury.