If the hon.
Gentleman thinks that that is the right thing to do, he needs to lobby his colleagues on his own Front Bench, because they have not committed to spending 2% of GDP on defence, let alone 2.5%.
As a former Armed Forces Minister, I pay high tribute to His Majesty’s armed forces but not to His Majesty’s Treasury.
The Red Book—the Budget Bible—shows clearly in tables 2.1 and 2.2 that next year’s core defence budget has been cut by £2.5 billion.
That is true.
It ill behoves any Government—let alone one that purports to call themselves Conservative—to use one-off payments to Ukraine or overspends in the nuclear budget from the consolidated fund and pretend that they are part of the defence budget, when everyone in this House knows that they are not.
As the son of a D-day veteran, I say to the Government—if not to the Minister, for whom I have great regard—more in anger than in sorrow that what they have done is deeply dishonourable, and they should be ashamed of themselves.
My right hon.
Friend was a Defence Minister, and I respect his great passion about all things related to the armed forces, particularly because of his father.
When we spend on the nuclear deterrent or on supporting Ukraine—purchasing weapons and providing ordnance, ultimately to help defend ourselves—that is legitimately described as defence expenditure.
After all, how else are we to pay for that, and from which budget?
Compared with last year, there is a real-terms increase of 1.8%, which if we spend what we expect will amount to £55.6 billion and 2.3% of GDP.
Many citizens will be rightly concerned about the use of the phrase “pre-war world”.
What requires clarification is not simply the scale of the British military in years to come, but where the armed forces are currently deployed, and what they are doing.
Are British servicemen firing weaponry in Ukraine, as suggested by German ministerial sources?
Are British forces assisting Israel in its genocide through the provision of military intelligence?
Knowing the answer to those questions is fundamental to our security, and indeed to our knowing whether the UK is upholding international law, never mind it being a basic democratic right, and something that our citizens are entitled to know.
The hon.
Gentleman knows that we do not comment on speculation, particularly on sensitive operational matters relating to the armed forces, and  that is the right approach.
Yes, we have a duty of candour, but we also have to protect those serving on the frontline.
The fighting in Ukraine proves that size matters.
The Minister should reconstitute the Territorial Army, which demonstrated that, with economy, quantity had a quality all of its own.
My right hon.
Friend has a quality all of his own, as shown in how he puts his questions.
He makes a very good point.
We tend to talk about the Regular Army, but we must remember our reserves.
They are incredibly important and we pay tribute to them.
Ukraine has shown that this country is able to make an extraordinary contribution.
This is speculating, but it is likely that if it had not been for the contribution we made, Ukraine would not have been successful in repelling the Russians as far as it has done.
So there we have it: President Putin will be ordering his officers to stop sabre-rattling with the west because the British are changing their procurement rules!
The reality is that the Minister cannot fight the war he wants to fight with the capability he has.
He will be presented with the conflict that develops, and we need the capability and resilience to meet threats that emerge.
What assessment has he made of the threats to the United Kingdom, and how will he meet those threats with the armed forces he has?
The hon.
Gentleman’s rather trite comment on procurement is a total failure to understand how the military works.