Since 2015 we have allocated £15 billion to keeping schools safe and operational.
I pay tribute to everyone who has been involved in the most recent RAAC issue, including the schools and pupils who dealt with it and my colleagues who helped to ensure that we reached this point.
All schools have been told what will happen next: either they will receive a remediation grant, or they will be part of the school rebuilding programme.
What steps she is taking to improve support for children with special educational needs and disabilities.
Our SEND and alternative provision improvement plan, published last March, includes the development of new national standards to improve provision in mainstream settings for children with special educational needs.
As for children requiring special school places, last week we announced funding for an additional wave of 15 special free schools, which comes on top of the 108 that we have opened since 2010 and the 77 whose opening has been approved.
I visit schools in my constituency virtually every week, and I see more and more of them struggling financially, and in terms of staff, with the number of SEND pupils.
Moreover, too many staff  members are having to go out and fetch children to bring them to school in the mornings, and needing to have social workers based in their schools.
This is not about individual schools; it is a systemic problem.
What are the Government doing about it?
In Cambridgeshire, there has been a 27% increase in funding per head for special educational needs since 2021-22 and a special free school is in the pipeline, along with two local authority special competition free schools.
Cambridgeshire is also part of our safety valve programme, which helps authorities to run a sustainable special educational needs system.
I wonder whether my hon.
Friend might be able to help my constituent Ella Wakley, who is disabled and travels to her college on the bus, but her blue badge does not allow free transport for her and her assistant until 9.30 am, which is a little late for the start of the school day.
I do not know the specifics of the case that my hon.
Friend raises, but if she writes to me, I will happily look at it.
I call the shadow Minister.
High-quality early years education can be transformational for children with special educational needs, helping to ensure that they are identified and supported at the most important time for their development, but last year fewer than one in five local authorities in England reported having enough childcare places for disabled children.
That is a shameful failure.
Is the Minister confident that families with a disabled child will be able to access the childcare to which they are entitled from April?
We are doing two things in this regard.
First, we are reviewing the special educational needs inclusion fund as we roll out the new entitlements to ensure that it is working appropriately.
Secondly, we have provided a contractor.
Local authorities have a statutory duty to provide places for all children, including those with special educational needs, and the contractor will work with local authorities to ensure that is done.
If she will issue statutory guidance on teaching economic education in schools as part of the PSHE curriculum.
It is essential that young people are equipped to make important financial decisions later in life.
My hon.
Friend will recall our curriculum reforms, and the national curriculum for mathematics and secondary citizenship equips pupils with the essential knowledge, understanding and practical skills needed to manage their money.
The Minister is absolutely right to suggest that good financial education helps people to avoid debts and poverty, and to build up a savings cushion for a rainy day.
Prevention is undoubtedly better than cure,  yet while statutory guidance ensures that students learn about threats such as drugs or unplanned pregnancy, money and finance are more optional.