If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
We are delivering the largest ever expansion of childcare in England’s history, which begins rolling out in just three weeks’ time, from  1 April .
We did it before when we more than doubled the entitlements there had been under the previous Labour Government, and I am delighted to update the House that our latest projections show that more than 150,000 new funded places will be secured by early April.
We expect that number to grow in the months ahead, saving parents more than £550 million in childcare costs.
April is just the first phase.
From September, parents with children from the age of nine months until they start school will be able to benefit from that support.
Only the Conservatives have a plan that hard-working parents can rely on as they grow their families.
Labour has no plan, so why does it not support ours to give families the certainty they deserve?
I recently visited Fairfield Spencer Academy in my Broxtowe constituency, where I met Craig Jones, who is doing good work with the Junior Adventures Group, a leading provider of school-age childcare.
During my visit, I observed staff providing crucial support to children beyond regular school hours.
However, it is evident that that level of support is not consistent around the country, and that funding for the school-age childcare sector needs reform.
I welcome the £289 million for the wraparound care sector, but will my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State commit to introducing a universal funding model linked to parent earnings, similar to that for the early years, to ensure providers remain affordable and sustainable?
We are making wraparound childcare available for all parents who need it, and we are supporting hard-working parents to balance having a family and a successful career.
Our £289 million investment will help schools develop exciting programmes before and after school, which will provide more flexibility for working parents.
I am sure the Minister for Children, Families and Wellbeing, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wantage (David Johnston) , will be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to keep him updated on progress.
Neither the Secretary of State nor any Treasury Minister met representatives of the early years sector in the months before last year’s Budget announcement on childcare.
Now, with just three weeks to go, parents, providers and even the Government’s own civil servants are sounding the alarm.
More than seven in 10 providers say they will not offer additional places and a quarter say they are likely to close within a year.
Will the Secretary of State now guarantee that all parents will be able to access the childcare places that she promised?
Absolutely; I set that out in my topical statement.
We are working with every local authority to ensure the places are available.
I am glad the hon.
Lady mentioned childcare, because it is yet another policy area that the Labour party has no plan for.
We are delivering the largest expansion of childcare in history so that working parents of children from the age of nine months to the start of school will get 30 hours of childcare a week.
The real question is: what is Labour’s plan?
Nobody knows, because it does not have one.
It is clear that the Conservatives are the only party with a plan for working parents.
There is one way we can find out what the public think: call a general election.
Last week, we heard another promise from the Chancellor for a new funding mechanism for early years providers.
There was talk of hundreds of millions of pounds more for the sector, but strangely no news about where the promised £500 million will actually come from—there was nothing at all in the Budget documents.