Nearly 90% of schools in Uxbridge and South Ruislip are now rated good or outstanding by Ofsted, up from under 70% in 2010, following the great work of teachers and our relentless focus on improving school standards.
What steps she is taking to help ensure the availability of high-quality childcare for children with special educational needs and disabilities.
To ensure high-quality childcare for children with special educational needs, we are investing hundreds of millions of pounds to increase hourly funding rates and the amount of dedicated additional SEND funding, such as the disability access fund, for all eligible children, and funding the training of early years special educational needs co-ordinators.
To the surprise of no one who looked at what the Government were proposing, my inbox, like those of many other MPs, is full of emails from parents who cannot get the 15 free hours in April without paying for a massive hike in their fees.
One group in  particular that is struggling is parents of children with special educational needs or a disability.
That was entirely predictable, because the Government’s own impact assessment said explicitly that changing the ratios could have a “negative impact” on the provision of places for children with special educational needs.
The Minister stood at the Dispatch Box on  22 January  and pledged to me that every parent who wanted the 15 free hours for their eligible two-year-old would be able to get a place.
Can he restate that pledge today explicitly for parents of children who have special educational needs, and pledge that they will not have to pay a higher fee—yes or no?
I appreciate that it must be very frustrating for the hon.
Lady, who genuinely cares about childcare, to be in a party that cannot be bothered to come up with a plan for it and has had to ask someone else to write it one because it cannot think of one.
On her specific issue, as I said, we are working with every local authority to ensure that they have the places that they need for all children.
Whether her Department is taking steps to ensure that initial teacher training courses include early identification of autism.
The Department for Education recently reviewed the mandatory initial teacher training core content framework, alongside the early career framework.
Particular attention was given to the needs of trainees and early-career teachers when supporting pupils with special educational needs.
That was a very useful response, for which I am very grateful.
I recently brought my ten-minute rule Bill to the House, which was specifically about mandating autism training in the initial teacher training framework, because we all know that early identification is vital.
If education staff all had autism training right from the start, we could put in place a system so that autistic children receive support very early on in their school career.
Will the Minister assure me of the steps that he has taken to include autism training specifically in initial teacher training, and meet me again to discuss supporting my ten-minute rule Bill?
My hon.
Friend is running a strong campaign.
From September 2025, initial teacher training and the early career framework will contain significantly more content on supporting pupils with special educational needs, including autistic pupils.
We have committed £12 million to the universal SEND services programme, which has so far given training to more than 135,000 professionals regarding autism awareness, but I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend again.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
We are delivering the largest ever expansion of childcare in England’s history, which begins rolling out in just three weeks’ time, from  1 April .
We did it before when we more than doubled the entitlements there had been under the previous Labour Government, and I am delighted to update the House that our latest projections show that more than 150,000 new funded places will be secured by early April.