Friend will recall our curriculum reforms, and the national curriculum for mathematics and secondary citizenship equips pupils with the essential knowledge, understanding and practical skills needed to manage their money.
The Minister is absolutely right to suggest that good financial education helps people to avoid debts and poverty, and to build up a savings cushion for a rainy day.
Prevention is undoubtedly better than cure,  yet while statutory guidance ensures that students learn about threats such as drugs or unplanned pregnancy, money and finance are more optional.
Should they not be taken as seriously as everything else?
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
There is relevant content in different parts of the curriculum, not only in mathematics, which is statutory throughout key stages 1 to 4, but at secondary level in citizenship.
Further elements such as computing are particularly relevant to online fraud.
In relationships, sex and health education, some aspects of fraud are covered, as is gambling, but I absolutely agree that it is important to keep these things under review.
What recent discussions she has had with her counterparts in the devolved Administrations on the potential merits of providing additional financial support to students in the context of increases in the cost of living.
The hon.
Gentleman will know that higher education is a devolved matter and that each Administration are responsible for determining the student finance arrangements that apply to students eligible for funding.
New data reveals that in most areas of England, state school pupils who have received free school meals have less than a one in four chance of entering higher education.
One reason for that is that poorer students decide not to pursue that path because of the prospect of being saddled with huge debt, which takes decades to clear.
Do the Government believe that they should follow the Scottish Government’s example and abolish tuition fees, so that education can be made accessible to all?
This Government believe that we need to be fair not only to students but to taxpayers.
It is worth noting that, in England, those from disadvantaged backgrounds are 74% more likely to go to university than they were in 2010.
We have put together a substantial package to help students with the cost of living, including a £286 million welfare support fund, which we give to the Office for Students to ensure that students with difficulties are helped.
I call the shadow Minister.
Following last year’s 2.8% increase, the Government have announced a paltry 2.5% increase in maintenance loans this September.
With a compound inflation rate of 15%, that amounts to a massive real-terms cut.
Meanwhile, the Welsh Government have announced a 3.7% increase.
Even in Scotland, there will be a £2,500 special support loan for all students.
Across the country, students are being forced into working multiple jobs to try to make ends meet.
What have this Government got against students?
I am proud that we have a record number of students going to university.
I have already mentioned the fact that the disadvantaged are 74% more likely to go to university than they were before.
I will tell the hon.
Gentleman what we are doing to help students: we have a £286 million welfare fund that we give to the OFS; we have increased loans by 2.8%; we have frozen tuition fees; families across the country have been given, on average, £3,700 to help with energy bills and other bills; we have given hundreds of millions of pounds to the household support fund to support all families; students know that they can have their loans reassessed if their family income falls by 15%; and finally, we have introduced degree apprenticeships so that students do not need to take out a loan but can earn while they learn and get a good, skilled job at the end.
Whether she is taking steps to help improve the morale of teachers and school support staff.