I will tell the hon.
Gentleman what we are doing to help students: we have a £286 million welfare fund that we give to the OFS; we have increased loans by 2.8%; we have frozen tuition fees; families across the country have been given, on average, £3,700 to help with energy bills and other bills; we have given hundreds of millions of pounds to the household support fund to support all families; students know that they can have their loans reassessed if their family income falls by 15%; and finally, we have introduced degree apprenticeships so that students do not need to take out a loan but can earn while they learn and get a good, skilled job at the end.
Whether she is taking steps to help improve the morale of teachers and school support staff.
Supporting teacher wellbeing is crucial to our commitment to a supportive culture in schools, and for encouraging teacher retention.
That is why we co-created the education staff wellbeing charter with the education sector, and we have invested over £1 million in school leader mental health and wellbeing support.
Is the truth not that retention is down, recruitment is down and early retirements are up?
What is the Minister going to do to boost the morale of teachers?
They say to me, “Wouldn’t it be wonderful to have a Cabinet who had been through a state sector education and sent their children to state schools?”
I think the hon.
Gentleman needs to do some research before he starts asking questions in Parliament.
On recruitment and retention, I join him in stressing the importance of retention, which we are absolutely focused on, including through our workload programme.
We have a good set of scholarships and bursaries for encouraging entry and a range of different routes into teaching to get the full range of talent that can benefit our children and young people.
Would my right hon.
Friend agree that good and enthusiastic teachers are vital to ensuring that we have good, successful schools and pupils?
What more can be done to assist schools with discipline and truancy issues, because it would obviously help teachers’ morale if they could have some more support?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right about the importance of brilliant teachers—I think he might have some personal experience of that.
He is also right about the central importance of behaviour.
In relation to retention, we hear back in surveys that we need to improve further on this.
This is one of the reasons that we have the network of behaviour hubs, so that schools can learn one from another about what works best.
I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
Morale among teachers and support staff is affected by their pay and working conditions, and now the teachers are being threatened with minimum service levels, which would limit their fundamental right to strike.
Surely the Minister can recognise that this course of action will lower morale further and ultimately impact the recruitment and retention of teaching staff.
Nobody is talking about taking away the right to strike.
All that we are seeking to do is balance that right, which we absolutely recognise and protect, with the right of a child to have an education.
What steps she is taking to increase the provision of special educational needs places in Essex.
I am pleased to inform the House that two new special schools opened in Essex last year, with another in the pipeline.
We have also provided £26 million of capital funding to Essex over the last two years to create more places for children with special educational needs or who require alternative provision.
Last July, standing here, I launched the campaign for a new special needs school in south Essex.