What assessment has he made of the threats to the United Kingdom, and how will he meet those threats with the armed forces he has?
The hon.
Gentleman’s rather trite comment on procurement is a total failure to understand how the military works.
He wants to talk about the deterrent; everything from our nuclear submarines right down to small arms is part of the procurement system.
They all have to be procured.
My priority is ensuring that we have a procurement system that is agile, gets equipment to the frontline as fast as possible, and can engage with the latest technological developments; think of lasers and uncrewed systems.
Technology is moving at an extraordinary pace.
We have used technology to support Ukraine so far.
We have provided 4,000 drones and will increase our support to around 10,000.
We are doing everything possible to support Ukraine.
All that is done through the procurement system—if I may say so, highly effectively.
I join my hon.
Friend in commending the professionalism of our armed forces, and in pointing out that Labour has not committed to an increase in defence spending, but may I remind him that the first duty of any Government is to ensure that defence spending primarily reflects the threat, rather than the ability to pay?
We have a war in Europe.
We have an increasingly belligerent Russia.
I chair the defence committee of the 1922 committee.
Conservative Back Benchers are very much behind the idea that we need to increase defence spending.
What does the Minister think it will take to increase defence spending?
First of all, we have increased defence spending.
Crucially, the last spending review saw the largest allocation of spending to defence since the cold  war.
Yes, we have set an aspiration of 2.5%, and the answer to when that will happen is: when economic conditions allow.
It would be imprudent to commit to such a level of spending if we did not think it could be sustained.
The worst thing would be to have that spending for maybe one or two years, and then have to go backwards because we did not think it was sustainable.
This is about balancing affordability against commitment, but we need to be absolutely clear that at over £50 billion, this is the most we have ever spent on defence.
There is an extraordinary effort in support of Ukraine, and we have highly capable armed forces who are making an extraordinary contribution to NATO, including through the latest NATO exercise, and will continue to do so.
I do not want to make too much play of your earlier remarks, Madam Deputy Speaker, but I was born on the night the House was bombed and this Chamber was burned out.
As I have listened to the Minister, I have been saying to myself—I hope that he will recall this—that he represents the party of Winston Churchill and Margaret Thatcher, but now that the world is more dangerous than I can recall it being in all my years, we are not able to defend the country adequately.
I say to Members on both sides of the House that this is a wake-up call; we must act now.
I pay respect to the hon.
Gentleman’s longevity and seniority, and to the fact that on the day he was born, the House was bombed, during whichever war it was—I think it was the second world war.
He said that we are unable to defend ourselves, and I totally and utterly reject that claim.
If Putin had succeeded in his invasion of Ukraine, yes, we would have been looking at a situation similar to that in the late 1930s, but that invasion has not succeeded.