To be fair to the hon.
Gentleman, he makes an important point about the importance of alliances.
NATO is fundamental to the defence of our country, the wider western world and our allies beyond.
Critically, to put this in context when we talk about the state of the armed forces, which is what the urgent  question is about, and the alliances that he referred to, let us remember that we have just launched Steadfast Defender, which is one of the largest ever NATO exercises, involving 96,000 personnel, of which almost 20,000 are from the UK.
I believe that we make up 40% of the land forces.
That is an extraordinary contribution by the UK.
We also offer our nuclear deterrent to NATO.
We are supporting our allies, we stand together under article 5, and we should all do everything possible to support NATO in its 75th year.
May I commend to anyone interested in the historical context a report produced by the Defence Committee in July in 2019 called, “Shifting the Goalposts?
Defence Expenditure and the 2% Pledge: An Update”, HC 2527?
It shows that for the last 20 years of the cold war this country spent between 5.6% and 4.1% of GDP, calculated in the same way we do today, on defence.
Does that not show both sides of the House that we have an awful long way to go now that there is a hot war in Europe before we match what we used to do when there was a cold war in Europe?
My right hon.
Friend put that eloquently, and he speaks with great passion and expertise on the cold war and our recent history.
As he knows, in the cold war era we had the working assumption that an invasion—or certainly a confrontation—could be launched on the border in Germany very quickly.
We had a huge number of forces deployed, and given that threat we spent, understandably, a higher percentage of GDP on defence.
Since then, we thought we had a more peaceful era.
Those illusions have been shattered by Putin, and we have all had to wake up to that.
That is why we have done so much to support Ukraine and, yes, why we will do everything possible to support our armed forces.
The Secretary of State said he wanted to ensure that
“our entire defence ecosystem is ready”
to defend, but here is the reality of our armed forces under this Government: capability delays and shortfalls, stockpile shortages, losing personnel, woeful recruitment levels, a £29 billion black hole in finances, and, as of last week, no real boost to the MOD’s budget.
The Secretary of State is failing, isn’t he?
When the hon.
Lady talks about procurement and delays, I would have thought she could at least recognise the support we have given to Ukraine, where we have procured an extraordinary amount of ordnance into the country to help Ukrainians to defend themselves.
Much of that has been at great pace, not least from gifting, for example, our AS-90s, a whole range of munitions, and 300,000 artillery shells.
Had it not been this country’s role, I think we can safely say that Russia would have been successful.
Whether it be covid, the war in Ukraine or the middle east, it is clear that our world is becoming more dangerous, not less.
Many of us in the House have been calling for increased defence spending and for a recognition of the symbiotic relationship between our economy and security.
That has been illustrated by what has been going on in  the Red sea.
That is why we need to spend more, but how might we spend it?
Will the Minister consider a defence review, because Ukraine continues to illustrate how the character of conflict is changing?
On that note, will he agree that the biggest international security threat is Russia as it moves to a war footing?