I pay tribute to HMS Richmond’s actions over the weekend, defending shipping in the Red sea against a large-scale Houthi attack.
Those are the demands that our armed forces face as threats increase.
The Defence Secretary owes the public and Parliament an explanation.
He said that we are moving into “a pre-war world”, and ahead of last week’s Budget he wrote to the Chancellor and stated that
“we must take bold action in your Budget to commit to defence spending increasing to 2.5% in 2024.
It would re-establish our leadership in Europe.”
But there is a growing gap between the Defence Secretary’s rhetoric and the reality for our armed forces, who are charged with preparing for this new dangerous era.
In the Budget there was no new money for defence, nothing new for Ukraine, and nothing for Gaza or the UK’s operations in the middle east.
Worse, both the Treasury and the House of Commons Library confirm that the defence budget will be cut by £2.5 billion in cash terms in this next financial year.
The 2.5% of GDP, which the  Minister referred to, was not mentioned once in the Treasury Red Book; the last time this country spent 2.5% of GDP on defence was in 2010 under a Labour Government.
While Putin wages war in Europe, Ministers are warring with each other.
Challenging defence policy in public, the Minister for Security was on TV this morning calling for 2.5% now.
That is a serious breakdown in collective ministerial responsibility, but I am most concerned about the serious state of the UK armed forces.
What signal does it send to our adversaries when our forces have been hollowed out and underfunded for the last 14 years; when the Public Accounts Committee finds the largest ever funding deficit in the MOD’s equipment plans; when the British Army has been cut to its smallest size since Napoleon; when forces recruitment targets have been missed each and every year for 14 years; and when satisfaction with service life has hit a record low?
I have one simple question for the Minister: where is the plan for better defending Britain?
It is clear that our armed forces cannot afford another five years of a Conservative Government.
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for his comments about HMS Richmond.
I am sure that we all agree and pay tribute to our Royal Navy personnel, who are there ultimately to defend not only themselves but freedom of navigation for the rest of the world.
We should recognise the importance of the role that they are undertaking on behalf of our Government.
The right hon.
Gentleman talked about the funding for next year.
To be clear, that will represent a 1.8% increase in real terms and not the cut that he suggested.
If we spend the money that we expect, it will amount to £55.6 billion—about 2.3% of GDP, which is traditionally how we measure our spending.
That is significantly above the just under 2.1% in 2019, so it is a significant increase as a percentage of GDP.
The right hon.
Gentleman also talked about recruitment, which is an important issue.
My right hon.
Friend the Minister for Defence People and Families is doing a lot of work on that and, as the right hon.
Gentleman will be aware, in January we saw the highest number of applications to the Army in six years.
A more positive picture is developing, recognising the importance of the mission.
We should not talk down our armed forces when we expect people to apply and to want to be recruited into them.
I note the range of comments about the 2.5% and want to make several points.
The first is that the right hon.
Gentleman said that we had not spent that percentage since Labour were in power.