Arthur Balfour was a great man and identified the need for a homeland for British Jews.
That is why antisemites do not like him and are slashing his picture.
I and the Secretary of State are spending a lot of time with Jewish student groups.
I have been to Leeds University to spend time with Jewish students, because the chaplain there was attacked, and we are working with Universities UK.
We have announced a £7 million package to give to Jewish student groups, including the University Jewish Chaplaincy, to try to stop antisemitism on campus.[Official Report,  25 March 2024 , Vol.
747, c. 12MC.] (
Correction) We are also developing a quality seal that we will ask universities to adopt, so that they deal properly with antisemitic incidents.
Last week, I and the Secretary of State had a meeting with the Office for Students, to make clear to the regulator that antisemitism across our universities is not acceptable.
rose—
rose—
Order.
I appreciate that two hon.
Members are rising to ask questions, but perhaps they have forgotten that they have already had that opportunity; each asked a question earlier this afternoon.
I know  the hon.
Member for Huddersfield (Mr Sheerman)  got away with two questions, but I often make an exception for him due to his longevity in this place.
Seniority!
It is being suggested to me that I should use the word “seniority”, and that does have a better ring to it—I mean the hon.
Member for Huddersfield’s seniority in this place.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Defence to make a statement on the state of the UK armed forces.
It is an honour to set out how our outstanding armed forces are doing incredible work around the world, protecting the UK and our allies.
That includes operating on every single NATO mission, supporting Ukraine against Putin’s aggression, and tackling Houthi attacks on shipping in the Red sea.
We are spending a record amount on defence.
That includes an extra £24 billion in cash terms between 2020 and 2025, which is the largest sustained increase since the end of the cold war.
The Government fully recognise the growing security threat, which is why we have set out our longer term aspiration to invest 2.5% of GDP on defence when fiscal and economic circumstances allow.
We are already spending more than 2% of GDP on defence, exceeding our NATO target.
We are delivering the capabilities that our forces need, significantly increasing spending on defence equipment to £288.6 billion over the next decade, and introducing a new procurement model to improve acquisition.
For the Royal Navy, that includes Dreadnought, Astute and AUKUS submarines, as well as fleet solid support ships Type 26 and Type 21 frigates.
For the Army, Future Soldier will deliver the largest transformation in more than 20 years, re-equipping and re-organising to be more deployable and lethal.
The RAF will become an increasingly digitally empowered force, with the Global Combat Air Programme providing a sixth-generation fighter jet capability, building on that provided by our Typhoons and F-35 fifth-generation aircraft today.
Our Defence Command Paper 2023 set out our plan to deliver a credible war fighting force, generated and employed to protect the nation and help it prosper now and in the years to come.
We will embody a fully integrated approach to deterrence and defence, including across all domains and across Government, by exploiting all levers of state power, and with allies and partners.
I pay tribute to HMS Richmond’s actions over the weekend, defending shipping in the Red sea against a large-scale Houthi attack.
Those are the demands that our armed forces face as threats increase.
The Defence Secretary owes the public and Parliament an explanation.