We continue to work with the local authority and with the school, and I would of course be happy—if appropriate, and if it would help—to meet her in due course.
About 10 years ago, following the Government’s reforms, the number of adoptions in England doubled, but 10 years on, they have halved.
Why?
My hon.
Friend raises a very important point.
We are taking a number of actions to increase the number of people who adopt and foster, and to support kinship care as well, but I would be happy to discuss this matter with him further.
Many of the children with special educational needs, mental health challenges and childhood trauma who are not in school in York are not able to access their education because of insufficient estate and placements, and because of the environment and specialist personnel.
What are  the Government doing to ensure that every area has a workforce plan and an estates plan, and the funding to match?
Through our special educational needs and disabilities and alternative provision improvement plan we are taking a whole range of actions.
That has included increasing the number of special school places by more than 60,000 since this Government came to power, as well as training a lot more special educational needs co-ordinators.
Headteachers in Denbighshire, Flintshire and Conwy have recently written to all parents about the dire financial situation facing their schools.
My understanding is that schools in England are receiving the highest funding ever per pupil in real terms.
Will my right hon.
Friend confirm that and outline what discussions he has had with the Welsh Government to ensure schools in Wales also see the benefit of that funding?
I regret that, as education is a devolved matter, the Labour party is in charge of education in Wales.
It really saddens me to hear of children in my hon.
Friend’s constituency suffering from its mismanagement of that system, despite the great work of brilliant and inspiring teachers in Wales.
He is absolutely right that in England, under this Government, funding is at a record level.
Meanwhile, in Wales, I am sad to say that education standards are not only the lowest in the UK, but lower than the OECD average.
I am afraid it is clear that every time Labour gets into power, children’s education suffers.
The Secretary of State loves plans.
What is her plan to reinvigorate and change the course of Ofsted?
I was delighted to attend the Association of School and College Leaders conference alongside Sir Martyn Oliver, who announced the Big Listen, which is part of making sure that we get the cultural reforms required.
I am concerned by reports that some teachers and headteachers feel that they are not listened to or are treated in a dismissive or rude manner.
I hope everybody will engage fully with the Big Listen, because I think we need to make sure that Ofsted is respectful, and treats our service, and our teachers and headteachers, with respect.
At Cambridge University, a barbaric vandal wearing a £1,000 Mulberry backpack was so full of hate for Jews that she felt Lord Balfour’s letter of 1917 gave her the moral superiority to destroy a valuable and historic painting of him.
This shines a light on the pernicious atmosphere faced by Jewish students at universities across the country, with calls for “Zionists off our campus” now shamefully normalised, and “Zionists” really meaning Jews.
What steps does my right hon.
Friend propose to take to convey to university heads that they have a legal and a moral obligation to stamp out antisemitism?
I thank my right hon.
and learned Friend for his question.
Arthur Balfour was a great man and identified the need for a homeland for British Jews.
That is why antisemites do not like him and are slashing his picture.
I and the Secretary of State are spending a lot of time with Jewish student groups.