That is why antisemites do not like him and are slashing his picture.
I and the Secretary of State are spending a lot of time with Jewish student groups.
I have been to Leeds University to spend time with Jewish students, because the chaplain there was attacked, and we are working with Universities UK.
We have announced a £7 million package to give to Jewish student groups, including the University Jewish Chaplaincy, to try to stop antisemitism on campus.
We are also developing a quality seal that we will ask universities to adopt, so that they deal properly with antisemitic incidents.
Last week, I and the Secretary of State had a meeting with the Office for Students, to make clear to the regulator that antisemitism across our universities is not acceptable.
Before we proceed to questions, I regret to inform the House of the death of former Member Lord McAvoy.
Tommy represented his home town of Rutherglen from 1987 until he received his peerage in 2010.
He was a highly respected colleague and the longest serving Government Whip of recent times, with more than 13 years of service.
He will be sadly missed.
The thoughts of the whole House are with his family and friends.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps her Department is taking to help increase the number of occupations for which apprenticeships are available.
What steps her Department is taking to help increase the number of occupations for which apprenticeships are available.
I join you in your comments, Mr Speaker.
My thoughts are with the family of Tommy McAvoy.
Thanks to this Conservative Government, nearly 70% of all occupations are accessible via an apprenticeship.
That is a far greater reach than countries admired for their technical education such as Germany and Switzerland.
I am sure that many Members joined the Prime Minister, the Chancellor and more than 60 ministerial colleagues out and about during National Apprenticeship Week.
I was delighted to join Harry, Chloe and other EDF Energy apprentices off the coast of Blyth, as well as apprentices who are launching exciting careers at J.P. Morgan in the City.
Apprenticeships are the route to a successful career, no matter where apprentices live or what they want to do.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for that answer.
Last month, the Prime Minister visited the Harrogate Bus Company to view the new fleet of electric buses and to meet the company’s apprentices.
Could my right hon.
Friend detail how the Government will ensure that new apprenticeship routes are available in fast developing sectors of the economy such as digitisation and artificial intelligence, or the sectors that will deliver our decarbonisation pledge, such as those new zero-emission buses in Harrogate and Knaresborough?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his support at the recent parliamentary apprenticeship fair.
Importantly, our apprenticeship programme is future focused.
It includes a new battery manufacturing technician apprenticeship, which will benefit electric buses, and others including charging point installation and electric vehicle maintenance.
Whether through T-levels, higher technical qualifications or apprenticeships, there are more training opportunities in industries of the future than ever before, in everything from AI to net zero.
I am most grateful to my right hon.
Friend for those answers.
Progress is being made, though the feedback that I am receiving is that the current maths and English functional skills requirement is an obstacle  to a wider range of employers taking on apprentices.
To remove that barrier, will my right hon.
Friend consider embedding English and maths elements into the apprenticeships standards, so that they are relevant to the job role and employers can be confident that apprentices are acquiring the skills that they need to succeed?
The Institute for Apprenticeships and Technical Education works closely with employers to ensure that all essential skills, including English, maths and digital, are embedded into apprenticeship standards, and it will continue to do so.