Friend  the Member for Colchester (Will Quince) , is conducting a review of public sector food procurement, so that within our public sector we can better procure domestic produce.
We also have a review of labelling so that we can more clearly label that fantastic produce from the north-east, to ensure that purchasers can buy it more easily.
I call the shadow Minister.
What are the Government doing to support farmers?
Quite a few people are asking that.
When one looks at the evidence of what is going on, the survey this week from the National Farmers Union into farmer confidence revealed that a staggering 65% of farmers are facing declining profits, or their business will not survive at all.
Their prospects are worse than most Tory MPs, it suddenly seems.
Why is it that farmers do so badly under the Conservatives?
The hon.
Gentleman seems to have written that question before listening to the various examples that I have just given, but let me give him one.
The most successful scheme the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs has ever run is the current sustainable farming incentive scheme, with over 20,000 applications—more than any other scheme the Department has run.
We have also been flexible in looking at how those schemes are delivered, given the challenges of the wet weather, and I will have more to say on that very shortly.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
I listened carefully to that answer.
While Brexit has been deeply damaging to farmers all across the United Kingdom, the actions taken by the Scottish Government mean that farmers in Scotland have far greater protection than those elsewhere on these islands.
The SNP Government have guaranteed Scottish farmers the level of funding that was available pre-Brexit, unlike the Tories here in England or indeed the Labour party in Wales.
That is the SNP standing up for farmers in words and deeds, unlike the Westminster parties.
Will the Secretary of State take this opportunity to apologise to farmers in England for his Government’s betrayal of them?
I refer the hon.
Gentleman to the £2.4 billion commitment in our manifesto, which has been met in full.
What steps his Department is taking to help increase tree planting.
This Government have put in place the most comprehensive regime ever to increase tree planting.
Crucially, it is underpinned by legislation in the Environment Act 2021 and legally binding targets to increase our tree cover to 16.5%, and supported and backed up by our £675 million nature for climate fund.
To date, 15 million trees have been planted under this Government, more trees than in any other decade.
Trees must play a crucial role if we are to meet our commitments on nature recovery and net zero, and they are a tremendous source of happiness, well-being and landscape beauty.
To meet the ambitious tree-planting goals that the Government have set, can they streamline the permissions process?
Some of the red tape seems disproportionate and in need of regulatory reform.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for the work she has done in her constituency to encourage tree planting, but she is right that the process needs to be fast and simple.
We have taken that on board, and the Forestry Commission has recently introduced the woodland creation fast track, aiming to help to decide eligible woodland creation offers within just 12 weeks.
To inform that scheme, it has developed a low-sensitivity map of the whole country to show people the best places to plant  trees, or where they could think about planting trees, that are not on our best available agricultural land, which is important for food.
Led by the Woodland Trust, Tree Equity Score UK is a map-based application created to address disparities in urban tree distribution by identifying the areas in greatest need of investment in trees.