Will she join me in congratulating Kieran McKenna, our exceptional manager, Mark Ashton, the chief executive of the club, and the whole team at Ipswich Town, who are passionate about not just the club but the town?
I wish them all the best for the premier league next season.
Who knows?
Maybe Portsmouth will be there the year after.
On behalf of us all, I congratulate Ipswich Town on this huge achievement.
It is great for the fans, but it will also be great for the whole of Ipswich, because these achievements bring economic and social progress, and many other things.
I think that both our clubs being promoted is an excuse for a pint —I will stand him one.
Seriously, congratulations to everyone there.
I hope that what he says about Portsmouth comes to pass.
Requiring voter ID is an additional burden that prevents people from voting and an unnecessary barrier to our democratic process, especially for those in poorer communities, ethnic minorities and young people.
In last year’s local elections, 14,000 people were prevented from voting because they did not have the right ID at the time.
Can we please have a ministerial statement on the impact of the requirement for voter ID in this year’s local and regional elections?
The hon.
Lady raises an important question.
She knows that this issue is reviewed on a regular basis, and I will make sure the Cabinet Office has heard what she has had.
Even people who were against bringing in this particular check to protect people’s votes recognise that, because progress had been made in cracking down on areas where fraud had been particularly prevalent, such as postal voting, it was anticipated that there would be more fraud in other areas.
That was one reason why the check was introduced, but I will make sure the Cabinet Office has heard what she has asked.
The Leader of the House will know that I have raised with her before the discrimination against people who are visually impaired, who have to pay VAT on audiobooks when all books are zero rated.
That discrimination cannot continue.
We have had debates in Westminster  Hall, but can we have a debate on the Floor of the House in Government time on stopping this discrimination against visually impaired people?
My right hon.
Friend raises an important point and one that I have a great deal of sympathy for.
I will make sure that the Chancellor has heard what he says, as the next questions to the Treasury team are not until much later on, and I think that he is doing a great deal of service by continuing his campaign.
Can we have a debate on ministerial transparency?
As the Leader of the House knows, ordinary MPs have to register with the House any hospitality that they receive from other parties within 28 days and in considerable detail.
However, under the scheme that she still favours, Ministers have an exemption and they do not have to publish anything for several months or provide details at all.
She said repeatedly in this House that she would, by last summer, ensure that there was a parallel system for Ministers so that they were not being treated differently from MPs.
That still has not happened, so when will it happen?
Can the Leader of the House also explain the retrograde step we seem to have taken now?
For instance, in the past we learned that the then Home Secretary registered through the Department that she had gone to a Bond premiere because Bond exercises “executive function”— I note  the right hon.
and learned Member for Northampton North (Sir Michael Ellis)  laughing, because he was the one who made that point—despite the fact that Bond is obviously a fictional character.
Now, ministerial Departments are publishing the barest details.
They do not even say what the tickets are for.