I have a specific question for the Secretary of State: will the Government update us on when they will announce the long-term funding solution that they promised for internal drainage boards, to address the pressure on local authorities through special levies?
My right hon.
Friend is right to focus on the importance of drainage boards, particularly in Lincolnshire.
He knows that I have a particular constituency interest in the adjacent area.
We have announced £65 million of funding, and the Minister for water, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Keighley (Robbie Moore) , will make further announcements on that shortly.
We are looking more widely at the huge pressure on farming from the wet weather, particularly in areas such as Lincolnshire.
There has been a 60% increase in rainfall—these have been our second wettest six months—and we are looking at a series of easements, particularly with regard to SFI, to ensure that farmers get their payments.
On behalf of my party, I too wish Phil, the Head Doorkeeper, a very happy birthday.
As the Government know, we grow the very finest seed potatoes in the far north of Scotland.
They are particularly good because, relatively speaking, they are virus free.
That is probably because of the northerly latitudes where they are grown.
I happen to know that farmers in Europe are crying out to get hold of these  seed potatoes.
I ask the Government to do everything in their power to ensure that the potatoes go where they are needed and wanted.
The hon.
Member makes a valid point in terms of both the quality and the desirability of the products to which he refers.
The Minister for Food, Farming and Fisheries is engaging actively with the EU on that specific point, and I am sure that he will update the hon.
Member on it.
I call the Chair of the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee.
One has only to look over the hedges of eastern England to agree with those who are predicting the worst harvest in living memory.
What assessment has the Secretary of State made of the impact that will have on the wider rural economy—in particular, the availability and price of straw, which is vital for the livestock sector, and important commodities such as potatoes, which are likely to be under great pressure in terms of supply and price this autumn?
As ever, my right hon.
Friend is absolutely on the money in terms of the concern regarding straw prices and lower harvests this autumn.
We are engaging extensively with the sector.
We have the Farm to Fork summit next week, chaired by the Prime Minister.
That is an indication of how seriously we are taking this, and how much we are engaging with farmers and farm leaders.
It is north-east week in the parliamentary canteens, and I hope all Members are taking the opportunity to enjoy great north-eastern produce.
However, it is always north-east week in Grainger Market in Newcastle, which tries to champion local farmers and produce.
What is the Secretary of State doing to support north-east farmers in the challenges they face to produce sustainable and affordable food for my constituents facing a cost of living crisis?
As the MP for North East Cambridgeshire, I feel I should extend north-east a little wider, given that we are a big food-producing area.
To the hon.
Lady’s specific point, the Minister for Farming is engaging with that issue and is travelling up to the north-east this evening as part of that engagement.
Our colleague, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Colchester (Will Quince) , is conducting a review of public sector food procurement, so that within our public sector we can better procure domestic produce.
We also have a review of labelling so that we can more clearly label that fantastic produce from the north-east, to ensure that purchasers can buy it more easily.
I call the shadow Minister.