Will the Minister make an assessment of what further legislative steps can be taken to regulate the dog grooming industry and ensure the safety of all dogs?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this case, and obviously I sympathise with his constituent whose pet suffered that poor practice.
The Government’s belief in the importance of animal welfare underpins the strong protections included in the Animal Welfare Act, and we will take steps to address widespread welfare issues where they arise.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of (a) operational and (b) consented waste incineration plant capacity.
Officials are currently assessing planned residual waste treatment capacity, including incineration, against expected future residual waste arising in England, so that we can understand our future capacity needs following the implementation of key commitments in the resources and waste strategy.
This capacity assessment will be published in due course.
My North West Norfolk constituents welcome the moratorium on new waste incinerators and the review, but given that the incinerators already operating and those with consent provide enough capacity as we meet legally binding targets to halve residual waste, may I urge the Minister to make that temporary pause permanent so that we do not have to have an unnecessary and unwanted incinerator in Wisbech?
DEFRA officials are currently scoping the need for a review of the role of waste incineration facilities, and I do not want to prejudge the conclusions of that exercise.
The current pause period will end on  24 May , and the next steps will be announced no later than that date.
What steps his Department is taking to help improve animal welfare.
This Government remain absolutely committed to implementing our action plan for animal welfare.
Since the action plan was published in 2021, we have made significant progress on a whole raft of animal welfare measures, such as introducing tougher sentences on animal cruelty and new laws on animal sentience, bringing forward legislation to ban live exports and keeping primates as pets, launching the animal health and welfare pathway, ensuring the microchipping of cats, and backing critical legislation to crack down on puppy smuggling, pet abduction and livestock worrying.
I am grateful for that answer and, indeed, for all the animal welfare measures that this Government have introduced.
Recently, pupils in Larch class at Three Bridges Primary School wrote to me very eloquently about their concern for the welfare and protection of endangered species.
Can the Minister say a little more about what her Department is doing in that respect?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question, and indeed for his own work on animal welfare in this place, which has been impressive.
I also thank the pupils of Larch class at Three Bridges Primary School.
He can go back and tell them that this Government are absolutely committed to tackling this and to helping endangered species.
We are actually the first Government to legislate to halt species decline in this country—as far as I know, no other country has done that anywhere in the world—and we have funds to save species.
They might also like to hear about otters returning to our rivers, about saving red kites by protecting them from persecution, about saving the chalk hill blue butterfly and more.
What steps his Department is taking to support local authorities to tackle fly-tipping.
What steps his Department is taking to support local authorities to tackle fly-tipping.
Nationally, fly-tipping on public land has fallen for the second year in a row, with enforcement actions up by 5%, but we all know the huge detrimental impact that fly-tipping can have on our communities.
Fly-tipping fines have more than doubled, and we are now expecting local authorities to reinvest that income in enforcement and cleaning up our streets.