She will know how to apply for a debate, and I encourage her to raise the matter with the Secretary of State on  23 May .
While the Prime Minister is today rightly meeting university vice-chancellors to warn them of their duty of care towards Jewish students, the National Union of Students has passed a so-called non-binding motion seeking to expel the Union of Jewish Students.
To ban Jews because they are Jewish is pure Nazi ideology, and it gives the lie, frankly, to those who claim that their anti-Zionism is not antisemitism.
This issue is a national crisis and it goes to the future of the rule of law in this country, and it is one of the myriad examples of the grotesque antisemitism that we are seeing in national life.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in calling for cross-party consensus in supporting the Prime Minister in the work that he is rightly doing with universities and others to stop antisemitism on campus?
I thank my right hon.
and learned Friend for raising this very important matter.
I am pleased that the meeting between the Prime Minister, the Education Secretary and university vice-chancellors is going on today.
We know from recent research that there are universities that do this really well—that treasure all their students and want an environment on campus in which people can learn and live their best life.
Sadly, that is not happening on all campuses.
The conduct by the NUS, and by particular students in it, is nothing short of grotesque, and I am sure that Members in all  parts of the House would agree on that point.
It is absolutely vital that we push back against the growing trend of increased antisemitism.
I think that I speak for most, if not all, hon.
Members when I say that we are supportive of any measures that will do that.
I have always said that the Conservatives made a mistake in overlooking the right hon.
Lady, and she has shown that again today.
In that regard, can she help me with what I think is a narrow but important problem?
Both Front-Bench teams support the continuation of arms sales to Israel, but the great majority of Back Benchers, even on the Conservative side, would like the opportunity to vote otherwise.
That has been stopped—stymied—in the past.
I hope that she can find a way for the House to freely express its attitude to this question.
The Government, and the Labour Front Benchers, might get a rude awakening and a big surprise.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his concern, but I have not been overlooked—I am Leader of the House of Commons.
The hon.
Gentleman has found the answer to his own question: he has just been able to freely express his view on this matter.
As he knows, there are strict rules regarding our arms exports, which are also scrutinised by a Select Committee of this House.
That is the Government’s policy, and if those lines are breached and there is evidence of that, that policy will kick in.
Wessex Fields is a large chunk of council-owned land in north Bournemouth.
Bournemouth, Christchurch and Poole Council is rushing through the sale of that nine acres of real estate for £4 million less than its independent evaluation, claiming it is storage rather than employment land.
This is the same council that is cutting our famous annual air festival and selling off car parks, public paddling pools and plant nurseries, all because—it claims—there is no money, yet here it is throwing away £4 million of local taxpayers’ money.
I have written to the Secretary of State for Levelling Up and to the council’s scrutiny committee calling for that decision to be investigated, but Bournemouth deserves better, so can we please have a debate on poor council decision making?
I am extremely sorry to hear about those decisions in my right hon.