We have taken that on board, and the Forestry Commission has recently introduced the woodland creation fast track, aiming to help to decide eligible woodland creation offers within just 12 weeks.
To inform that scheme, it has developed a low-sensitivity map of the whole country to show people the best places to plant  trees, or where they could think about planting trees, that are not on our best available agricultural land, which is important for food.
Led by the Woodland Trust, Tree Equity Score UK is a map-based application created to address disparities in urban tree distribution by identifying the areas in greatest need of investment in trees.
What is the Department doing to promote increased tree cover in the parts of the country that need it most?
I highlight again the low-sensitivity map, which points out exactly the same things as the map the hon.
Gentleman refers to.
We have many funds focused in particular on urban areas—some come from the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities —to encourage urban tree planting, because it is so important for our health and wellbeing.
We have a whole list of funds available, and I urge people to look at them and plant trees.
I call the shadow Minister.
I have to say that the Minister’s response suggests that the Government are completely in denial.
The Office for Environmental Protection report exposed that the Government are way off target on their legally binding tree-planting target.
There has been no trend of improvement on tree planting between 2018 and 2023.
It would be bad enough if the problem were lack of money, but her Department is even failing to spend the money that it has been allocated.
The environmental land management scheme is underspent by hundreds of millions, and the nature for climate fund that she spoke about has returned £77 million to the Treasury unspent.
Is not it clear that, to get the tree cover that our country needs, we do not need a magic money tree; we need a Labour Government?
I ask the hon.
Gentleman to look at his own tree-planting record.
This Government have planted more trees than Labour did.
We now have the plan in place so, if one looks at the graph, it is ramping up to hit those targets, and the training, skills, the forest apprenticeship and the framework are in place to reach our targets.
What steps his Department is taking to strengthen coastal defences.
We are investing approximately £1.3 billion of our £5.6 billion flood and coastal risk management investment programme in coastal projects.
They will better protect over 100,000 properties, as well as critical infrastructure.
The Environment Agency is also running the £36 million Government-funded coastal transition accelerator programme, which is funding coastal authorities so they can explore how to better support their communities.
The East Anglian coast has taken a real battering in recent months, and projects such as the Lowestoft flood defence scheme have been delayed.
Our  region is the most vulnerable to climate change, and is a lead player in delivering net zero for the UK, so will my hon.
Friend consider a climate change risk assessment on which a regional coast defence strategy can then be prepared to properly protect homes, businesses, ports, farmland and infrastructure, as well as nurture our unique coastal environment?
There is no better champion than my hon.
Friend on the challenge of coastal erosion.
The Environment Agency is developing a new national flood risk assessment and an updated coastal erosion risk map to improve how we access flood risk information and communicate it to our communities.
Those new datasets and maps will include the potential impact of climate change on flood risk and coastal erosion, and will help to inform how we better protect homes, businesses, farmland and infrastructure along our coastal communities.
I call the shadow Minister.