We need to continue efforts to support education and aspiration, and to deliver better transport for those communities.
Despite their challenges, I can see the potential they have to reinvent themselves.
However, I cannot stress enough just how crucial bus and train services are to that process.
I look forward to seeing the services improve and those amazing communities become the places that they deserve to be.
A birthday wish to Phil, our Head Doorkeeper, who is 54 today.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What the locations are of successful applicants to the natural flood management programme.
Forty projects have been selected to proceed to the development stage of the £25 million natural flood management programme.
They include a broad range of locations, from Alnmouth to St Austell.
I am working with residents in the Chase Way and Kendal Drive area of Great Sutton, alongside Environment Agency representatives and members of the local authority, to try to find a solution to the flooding problems that we have there.
There are lots of different pots of money available at different times, and sometimes it is difficult to understand what the realistic chances are of our succeeding in getting the funding that we need to bridge the gap that we have at the moment to get the works done.
Will it be possible for me to meet with either the Secretary of State or some of his team to talk about what realistic funding options we have for the area?
I thank the hon.
Member for his engagement, and I will arrange a meeting with the relevant member of the team.
The information is on gov.uk.
Two projects near his constituency—the Cheshire Wildlife Trust and the Mersey Rivers Trust—are involved in the programme.
I welcome his engagement.
It is a good scheme, and I will ensure that he gets that meeting.
I have been working with the Environment Agency to address a small flood problem on the River Gade in my constituency.
The Environment Agency has been very helpful, and has met with me.
In another part of my constituency, the River Ver has been flooded with sewage yet again.
That is unacceptable, and the Environment Agency  needs to take it seriously and take action against the water companies, rather than just saying, “We’ll work with you.”
Action is what my constituents want.
I agree.
That is why we are increasing fourfold the number of inspections, so that water companies are not marking their own homework.
It is why we have the plan for water, introduced by the former Secretary of State, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Suffolk Coastal (Dr Coffey) , and significant additional investment.
It is why we are taking tougher enforcement action, with the biggest ever criminal prosecution of water firms by the Environment Agency.
It is also why we are taking action on things such as bonuses for companies that commit serious wrongdoing.
What steps he is taking to support farmers.
What steps he is taking to support rural farmers.
Food security is more important than ever, which is why we need to back British farmers to keep putting food on our tables, while protecting the environment.
We are supporting farming with £2.4 billion of annual spending, an average boost of 10% for the sustainable farming incentive payment scheme, and new rules to ensure that farmers get a fair price for their products.
Obviously farmers in low-lying areas of Lincolnshire are suffering from flooding, so any update on the support that they can be given would be very helpful.
I have a specific question for the Secretary of State: will the Government update us on when they will announce the long-term funding solution that they promised for internal drainage boards, to address the pressure on local authorities through special levies?
My right hon.
Friend is right to focus on the importance of drainage boards, particularly in Lincolnshire.