As she would expect, I have paid great attention to what is actually going on.
There remains little sign of disruption to border flows as a result of the changes, and volumes of trade appear to be at the levels expected.
The IT systems are working as they should, and although, as I said last week, there have been some minor issues to resolve, there is nothing fundamental.
I would be very happy to facilitate a deeper briefing for her or any of her colleagues on that matter if it would be of interest.
Our exports are now at record levels.
We have become, as I have said, the fourth largest exporter overall, and we are the largest net exporter of financial and insurance services in the world.
I am sorry that the hon.
Lady still does not seem to recognise the importance of that to her own constituency.
I think that is something to celebrate, so I ask her to focus on the realities of what is going on and the opportunities that sit there for her constituents.
Today, we have had the excellent news that Harrow has been allocated Government funding for a new special educational needs school—something that has been campaigned for by the Conservative-run council, the officials and the teachers and parents of Harrow for a considerable length of time.
I am sure that my right hon.
Friend will join me in congratulating all those responsible on obtaining this.
Can we have a debate in Government time on the brilliant work that our teachers and support staff do in special educational needs environments, in very challenging circumstances, with a lot of very challenging children?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on all the work that he is doing to ensure that his constituents have the provision that they need.
We have had a huge uplift in the general teaching staff; there are now 30,000 more teachers than when we came to office.
Obviously, we have also been expanding special educational needs provision, but the need is growing and we are determined to keep pace with that.
I think that a debate on the subject would be welcomed by many in the House, and I encourage him to apply for it in the usual way.
I call the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee.
I thank the Leader of the House for the business statement and for announcing the Backbench Business debate for  Thursday 16 May .
If awarded time on  23 May , we would propose debates on UK arms exports to Israel and on potholes and highway maintenance.
Those would be the two debates immediately before the Whitsun recess.
Although all Chamber slots until the Whitsun recess are now pre-allocated, we would still welcome applications for Thursday debates in Westminster Hall, where the new time seems to be working quite well.
Can we have a debate in Government time on the vexed question of leasehold reform?
In my constituency, developers are selling, or proposing to sell, packages of property freeholds to third-party companies and denying  leaseholders themselves the chance to buy the freeholds of the properties that they live in.
This is a really complex legal question, but an awful lot of leaseholders do not have the wherewithal to fight the property development companies and third-party companies buying such investment portfolios.
Taylor Wimpey is a company with an interest in development in my constituency that is currently doing this.
Can we have a debate in Government time to try to sort out this vexed question?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his helpful advert for the Backbench Business Committee.
He raises the very important matter of a particular aspect of leasehold.
He will know that the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities is very focused on these issues.
If the hon.
Gentleman wants to give me specific examples, I will ensure that the Secretary of State has heard the detail of his case.