Many of us who are great supporters of the Albert Hall are concerned by ticket costs.
I am hopeful, as I said, that the two parties can continue to work together.
I want to avoid expensive litigation if that can be done.
A previous Attorney General was asked permission to refer the matter to the first-tier tribunal.
I have not been asked by the Charity Commission to do so.
I am very hopeful that this matter can be resolved amicably and I am very happy to remain involved if that is helpful.
What recent steps the Crown Prosecution Service has taken to help keep women and children safe online.
The CPS takes the issue of keeping women and children safe online extremely seriously.
I am pleased to report that the CPS has delivered the first conviction for cyber-flashing within weeks of the new offence becoming law.
This is an important milestone for protecting women and girls online, and demonstrates how the Government have worked to put perpetrators behind bars.
I thank my hon.
and learned Friend for that answer.
In addition to the good work he is doing to help prevent online bullying, trolling and abuse, keeping safe online includes helping to prevent fraud.
Will he detail how the Government, through the online fraud charter, are ensuring that tech companies help women and children?
My hon.
Friend is quite right to draw attention to the online fraud charter—a world first—which sits under the Online Safety Act 2023.
Twelve of the biggest tech companies are working together to reduce fraud on their platforms.
The signatories are agreeing to undertake certain measures within six months, such as blocking, reporting and take-downs, to ensure that the vulnerable—such as children being exploited as money mules—are protected online.
What assessment she has made of the effectiveness of the Crown Prosecution Service in prosecuting people that have committed crimes while protesting.
Non-threatening peaceful protest is fundamental, but those rights are not absolute and they must be balanced with the rights and freedom of others.
The CPS works closely with the police to ensure that those who commit offences during protests are brought to justice and our streets are kept safe.
Indeed, just last month the CPS successfully prosecuted a protester under the Terrorism Act 2000 after he wore a Hamas headband to a pro-Palestine rally.
The Minister rightly points out that there is a clear balance between democratic peaceful protest and the tactics used by the likes of Just Stop Oil to disrupt society.
We have seen mass protests, mostly peaceful, on the London streets, but we did see damage, such as that to the Ministry of Defence, which is completely unacceptable.
How do the new laws that we have passed in Parliament aid the prosecution of those who are not interested in peaceful protest?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this extremely pertinent and concerning point.
The police already have a full suite of powers under section 4A  of the Public Order Act 1986—as well as some relating  to criminal damage, the offence to which he referred.
To ensure that they act, the Government have, however, reinforced those powers under the Public Order Act 2023.
The Crown Prosecution Service is working closely with the police in, for instance, providing round-the-clock charging advice nationally.
My hon.
Friend is right: it is unacceptable that those who are taking part in legitimate democratic processes commit criminal damage, and it is also utterly unacceptable that, for example, Jewish people feel threatened.
The Government expect the full powers available to the police to be used so that offenders can be prosecuted.
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on compliance with international humanitarian law in relation to the Israel-Palestine conflict.
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on compliance with international humanitarian law in relation to the Israel-Palestine conflict.