The hon.
Member quite rightly raises a matter of particular concern to him, and indeed to the whole House.
His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs remains committed to covid-19 scheme compliance, and will continue to prioritise the most serious cases of abuse.
Specifically on prevention and recoveries, up to  30 September 2023 , HMRC had prevented the payment, or recovered the overpayment, of over £1.6 billion-worth of grants, made up of £430 million that was prevented from being paid out and over £1.2 billion that was recovered from overpayments.
By  30 September 2023 , HMRC had opened 51 criminal investigations into suspected fraud within the schemes, and made a total of 80 arrests.
Will the Leader of the House give us the forthcoming business?
The business for next week will include:
Monday 13 May —Motion to approve the draft Procurement Regulations 2024, followed by motion to approve the draft Agriculture (Delinked Payments) (Reductions) (England) Regulations 2024, followed by debate on a motion on the risk-based exclusion of Members of Parliament.
Tuesday 14 May —Motion to approve the draft Trade Union and Labour Relations (Consolidation) Act 1992 (Amendment of Schedule A2) Order 2024, followed by motion to approve the draft code of practice on fair and transparent distribution of tips, followed by general debate on War Graves Week.
Wednesday 15 May —Remaining stages of the Criminal Justice Bill (day one).
Thursday 16 May —Debate on a motion on the Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman report on women’s state pension age.
The subject for this debate was determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 17 May —Private Members’ Bills.
The provisional business for the week commencing  20 May  includes:
Monday 20 May —General debate.
Subject to be confirmed.
Tuesday 21 May —If necessary, consideration of Lords message to the Digital Markets, Competition and Consumers Bill, followed by consideration in Committee and remaining stages of the Holocaust Memorial Bill, followed by motion relating to the High Speed Rail (Crewe- Manchester) Bill.
I was pleased to join the Leader of the House this week to launch a guide for Members and candidates, co-ordinated by the Antisemitism Policy Trust, on tackling conspiracy theories.
Although the existence of conspiracy theories is nothing new, their reach, risk and repercussions are ever increasing.
I encourage colleagues to read this important guide.
I welcome my new hon.
Friend  the Member for Blackpool South (Chris Webb) .
He is the first person from Blackpool to represent Blackpool in over 60 years.
Having campaigned with him for years, I am now proud to call him my hon.
Friend.
I know that his former boss, and our good friend, Tony Lloyd would be thrilled and proud, too.
I also welcome two more Members to Labour, my hon.
Friends the Members for Dover (Mrs Elphicke) and for Central Suffolk and North Ipswich (Dr Poulter).
Our reach into previously undiscovered support is much broader and deeper than I ever imagined.
Talking of which, we understand that Conservative Members were all trooped over to No.
10 yesterday for a presentation and briefing on how they did not really lose the local elections after all.
Perhaps we could have a debate on what the local election results tell us.
It might  help to inject a little bit of reality into their thinking, because they cannot cure something if they are in complete denial about it.
Which part of the message that voters expressed did their tin ears not hear this time?
The third biggest swing since the second world war in a parliamentary by-election?
Losing the York and North Yorkshire mayoral election in the Prime Minister’s own backyard?
Labour taking Rushmoor, the home of the British Army?
Or losing one of their more successful elected representatives, Andy Street, in the west midlands?
If they cannot hear the message now, they will have a stark awakening at the general election.