Member for Blackpool South (Chris Webb) , to his place and pay tribute to all candidates who took part in the important elections last week?
I also thank her for helping me to launch the publication to which she referred.
We commissioned it and I thank all the organisations that worked on it.
It is important that we combat the rise of conspiracy theories, as that is part of restoring trust in what we do here and keeping trust in democracy.
This publication will be a useful product, not just for Members, but for those who wish to come here too.
I shall certainly make sure that the Lord Chancellor has heard what she says about the Sentencing Bill, although he will find her concern odd, given Labour’s voting record on our measures to introduce tougher sentences.
The hon.
Lady mentioned her new colleagues, and I do hope  the hon.
Member for Dover (Mrs Elphicke)  is being made to feel very welcome in her new party.
I am buoyed at the news that our odds of retaining Dover have slightly improved since yesterday lunch time—[Laughter.]
It is true.
But I think this is a personal tragedy for the hon.
Member for Dover, as was what happened last week for  the hon.
Member for Central Suffolk and North Ipswich (Dr Poulter) .
It has exposed a pattern of behaviour from the Leader of the Opposition, and it is a shame that we are not due an update to Peter Brookes’ “Nature Notes”, for the decorator crab is a species that covers its surface area with materials to disguise its true form, usually selecting sedentary creatures and seaweed.
The Leader of the Opposition is the decorator crab of these Benches, desperate to show that he is not really leading the Labour party at all.
He has channelled Margaret Thatcher; his deputy has praised Boris; he has expelled  the right hon.
Member for Islington North (Jeremy Corbyn)  with great fanfare, a man he was campaigning for to be Prime Minister only moments before; and his exterior shell is stuck over with St George’s flags, his Gunners season ticket and several programmes from the “Last Night of the Proms”.
What next?
Will it be a photo op with a bulldog?
Will it be a lecture on how misunderstood Enoch Powell was?
Should I ask the Whip on duty on the Front Bench if he has checked in recently with my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Rayleigh and Wickford (Mr Francois) ?
This is Operation Radish: the concerted effort to convince the British public that while the Labour party might look red on the outside, at its heart it really is not at all.
Even the defection from the Government Benches of one of Labour’s sternest critics cannot disguise the fact that Operation Radish is not going well.
Not everyone has got the memo.
The shadow Leader of the House talks about the important election results last week.
Has she noticed that the first act of the new Mayor of the West Midlands was to turn his attention not to investment or infrastructure, but to Israel and Gaza?
Ditto for the Mayors of West Yorkshire and London, with the latter also stating “equivalence” between the Head of State of Israel and a terrorist organisation.
The anti-nuke shadow Foreign Secretary is currently trying to walk back from calling a candidate for the presidency of the United States a neo-Nazi-sympathising  KKK sociopath.
The hon.
Member for Ilford North (Wes Streeting)  sought to smear a decent candidate for Mayor of London as a white supremacist.
Object to ULEZ and you are a child killer.
If you are a woman advocating for your rights and dignity, you are a bigot.
Want to strengthen our borders?
You are a racist.
If you have made money through hard work, you can’t possibly get Britain.
That is today’s Labour party—just as it has always been.