The Environment Agency is developing a new national flood risk assessment and an updated coastal erosion risk map to improve how we access flood risk information and communicate it to our communities.
Those new datasets and maps will include the potential impact of climate change on flood risk and coastal erosion, and will help to inform how we better protect homes, businesses, farmland and infrastructure along our coastal communities.
I call the shadow Minister.
We learned from the Public Accounts Committee report that 500 flood defence projects have been cancelled, just like the one in Lowestoft.
Whether the Minister chooses to use the words “cancelled,” “deferred,” “delayed” or “on a long list” makes no difference, because he is still refusing to tell us where those projects are.
Why does he insist on holding residents in contempt by not telling them the fate of their local flood defences?
I and my officials have been reviewing the applications that have been put forward, and announcements will be coming very soon.
The Government are investing £1.3 billion in flood defences, which is more than ever before, and we will continue to ensure that we are better protecting coastal communities.
How much funding his Department plans to provide for catchment partnerships in the 2024-25 financial year.
One hundred catchment-based approach partnerships are set out in the plan for water.
The catchment-based approach is exactly the right one— I agree with the decision taken by my right hon.
Friend on that—and is exactly the approach that we are taking.
In the financial year, £15,000 is allocated to each catchment for that.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for that answer.
The plan for water is starting to work in relation to community partnerships: next week, the East Suffolk Catchments Partnership will publish the plan for the River Deben.
However, could I encourage my right hon.
Friend to try to accelerate some of those partnerships, potentially by increasing the funding from £15,000 per partnership to £50,000, so that every single partnership can have a full-time employee to really drive this action forward?
I very much agree with my right hon.
Friend.
What we are doing is twofold.
First, we are increasing funding: she will have seen that, yesterday, we announced an uplift of £11.5 million for local  community-led projects to improve river catchments.
Alongside that, we are looking at some major interventions in catchments, such as on the River Wye, where we allocated £35 million.
We are taking a targeted approach to catchment-specific issues; in that catchment, the issue was chicken litter.
The phosphate was going into the River Wye, so we are funding anaerobic digesters as a targeted way of taking a catchment approach.
Sewage has been discharged into our rivers for 3.6 million hours, including the River Thames in my constituency.
Funding is only part of cleaning up this mess: the whole water sector is broken and needs to be put into special measures, so what is the Secretary of State’s long-term plan for tackling these issues, or is he content to keep following Labour’s lead and to take up our policies?
The first thing I would mention is the £4.5 billion of investment in the Thames tideway tunnel over the past eight years, which is going to significantly improve the water quality of the River Thames.
Alongside that, we are stepping up inspections, with a fourfold increase in inspections; we are tackling bonuses in companies that are guilty of pollution; and we are taking much tougher enforcement action, with the biggest ever prosecution of water firms by the Environment Agency.
A whole range of actions, coupled with the plan for water, is bringing additional investment into the sector and taking a catchment by catchment approach.
What recent progress his Department has made on improving air quality.
What steps his Department is taking to help reduce air pollution.