Labour taking Rushmoor, the home of the British Army?
Or losing one of their more successful elected representatives, Andy Street, in the west midlands?
If they cannot hear the message now, they will have a stark awakening at the general election.
We might have all had a small laugh when the former Prime Minister forgot his voter ID, yet another of his own rules that he thought did not apply to him, but there is a more serious point.
We also saw veterans turned away from the polls because they could not use their veteran ID card.
The Government have promised to add the card to the list of acceptable IDs.
When will they do so?
I notice that there is nothing in the upcoming business on the Sentencing Bill, which is quite a surprise given that we learned this week, from a leaked email to probation and prison staff, that some prisoners will be freed up to 70 days early.
Why are the Government consistently failing to bring back the Sentencing Bill so that these issues can be properly debated?
And why are they failing to publish the figures on the number and nature of prisoners who will be released early?
It is another part of their plan that is not working, is it not?
Despite serious and fast-moving developments in Israel and Gaza, the Government, again, did not come to the House to make a statement this week.
It was only through your granting an urgent question, Mr Speaker, that Members could raise issues.
We want an urgent ceasefire and the assault on Rafah stopped.
After much delay, the Government rejected the Procedure Committee report on holding Lords Secretaries of State accountable, yet there is clearly widespread support across the House for its recommendations.
Rather than the Government simply rejecting them, should the Leader of the House not seek the view of this House and table a motion on the accountability of the Foreign Secretary to this House as soon as possible?
Whether on the middle east, China or Ukraine, there are hugely important matters to be raised.
I am pleased that the Leader of the House has finally brought forward the House of Commons Commission’s proposals on risk-based exclusions next week.
Staff and those working in this place will be looking carefully at what we say on Monday in the interests of their safeguarding.
As we heard last night, Members want proper time to debate these proposals and amendments.
Has she considered those calls to extend the debate on the motion beyond two hours?
Despite the Prime Minister’s latest set of disastrous election results, he continues to insist that his plan is working.
He has his fingers in his ears and is ploughing on as if everything is fine.
It is as if there is no cost of living crisis or waiting lists are not sky high, and that voters just need to see more of the “real Rishi” and listen to him better.
The reality is very different: people are crying out for change.
But the only thing that does not seem ever to change is that every time he faces the electorate, he loses.
That is not going to change, is it?
First, let me mark the fact that yesterday was VE Day; I know there will be many events going on across our constituencies during the week, giving us a chance to remember the debt we owe our forebears and also to think of those facing conflict today.
May I, too, welcome the hon.
Lady’s new colleague,  the hon.
Member for Blackpool South (Chris Webb) , to his place and pay tribute to all candidates who took part in the important elections last week?
I also thank her for helping me to launch the publication to which she referred.
We commissioned it and I thank all the organisations that worked on it.