I have nothing but praise for the barristers who are engaged in it.
What recent steps she has taken to increase joint working between the Crown Prosecution Service and police services.
Close and collaborative work across the criminal justice system is key to securing justice for victims, holding offenders to account and keeping the public safe.
The police and the CPS have invested heavily in new ways of working, including through the national operating model for rape prosecutions, with the result that the police and the CPS work more closely together at an earlier stage in prosecutions.
During a recent visit to Greater Manchester police’s divisional headquarters in Stockport I heard that there can be significant delays between sending a case to the CPS and receiving a charging decision back.
To solve that, it was suggested that having CPS staff based inside the station would speed up the process and improve communication.
What consideration has my hon.
and learned Friend given to a CPS presence in police stations, and will he work with me and Stockport division to facilitate a trial?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this extremely pertinent point.
She is right to emphasise the importance of early co-operation between the police and the CPS.
At a visit last month to Charing Cross police station I considered precisely that point.
There is a buddy system there, with CPS lawyers working with police officers, which is improving case file quality.
We are actively exploring how to ensure closer early working with the CPS and the police, and I will look at Stockport with her.
The United Kingdom Government are going above and beyond to ensure that British arms are readily available in Israel’s arsenal to bomb Gaza.
The Attorney General is refusing to give out the legal advice, based on the long- standing Law Officers’ convention, yet the circumstances for up to 1.6 million people are now between life and death.
What steps is she taking to ensure that Britain  is not complicit in the destruction of a nation and  its people?
I can assure the hon.
Gentleman that the Attorney General keeps all these matters under close review, and will ensure that any legal advice is properly obtained and acted upon.
If she will refer the governance of the Royal Albert Hall to the first-tier tribunal (charity).
The Royal Albert Hall is one of our most important cultural institutions.
There are long-standing differences between the trustees of the Hall and the charity commissioners over governance matters.
I really hope that the parties will work together to resolve their differences without expensive litigation and I stand absolutely ready to facilitate those discussions.
The Attorney General, in her—I must say excellent—recent letter on the matter, expressed her “disappointment” that the Royal Albert Hall Bill “is not more ambitious” and
“that the constitution of the Corporation of the Hall of Arts and Sciences gives rise to a potential conflict between the private interests of seat-holding trustees and the Corporation’s charitable objects.”
I totally agree.
She has said that she will look at this issue but, unlike her predecessors, will she please also consider, if she needs to, referring the matter to the charity tribunal, so it can be settled once and for all?
Tickets to attend one of our country’s most famous and treasured venues should not be turning up on notorious ticketing websites like Viagogo, and those who are receiving ill-gotten gains should not be running the charity.
The hon.
Lady takes a very close interest in these matters and is, I believe, the chair of the all-party parliamentary group on ticket abuse.
I really commend her for her work in this important area.
Many of us who are great supporters of the Albert Hall are concerned by ticket costs.
I am hopeful, as I said, that the two parties can continue to work together.
I want to avoid expensive litigation if that can be done.