My hon.
Friend will have seen that we have already flexed our regulations in response to Storm Henk, for example, and we are looking at what further things we can do.
Brexit has been a disaster for farmers across the United Kingdom, but at least in Scotland they have the certainty of funding going out beyond 2027, unlike in Labour-run Wales and Tory-run England.
What steps will the Government take to provide the same level of surety for English farmers that the SNP has delivered for Scotland’s farmers?
As a former Chief Secretary to the Treasury, I think the suggestion that the way the SNP allocates its Barnett consequentials gives farmers funding certainty is a somewhat bold claim.
The point with Brexit is that we can tailor our response to the needs of our farmers, whether through specific legislation such as that on gene editing to develop disease and drought-resistant crops, our procurement legislation so that we better leverage our public sector procurement and our labelling legislation so that we can support British producers, as well as through schemes such as the SFI, which is the most popular ever run by DEFRA, with more than 20,000 farmers now signed up.
In the past, flooding from the Lady brook and Micker brook, which run through Bramhall, Cheadle Hulme and Cheadle to join the River Mersey, has caused devastation to homes and families.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that joint working across the region is part of the solution?
Will he continue his support for the upper Mersey catchment partnership working?
My hon.
Friend has raised that specific case with me before.
I am more than happy to meet her to have those conversations at speed, because I know just how valuable projects such as flood alleviation schemes are to her constituents in better protecting more homes.
North West Leicestershire has benefited enormously from being the heart of the national forest, with millions of trees planted over the past 40 years, much of which are on degraded former colliery land.
As desirable as tree planting is, that must be balanced against food security.
Does the Minister agree that good agricultural land must be protected to produce good food?
I must first commend the national forest for all that it has achieved.
Many farmers are involved in that forest, too.
That is why the Forestry Commission’s map showing the best places for tree planting is so important, and that is not on what we call best available land, for which we have specified that the main priority is food production.
The Attorney General was asked—
What steps she is taking to help increase prosecution rates for violence against women and girls.
What steps she is taking to increase prosecution rates for cases relating to violence against women and girls.
Tackling violence against women and girls is a priority for the Government.
I recently visited CPS Thames and Chiltern  to hear specifically about the work it is doing to combat stalking.
I also heard how the domestic abuse joint justice plan will transform how we investigate this all-too-frequent crime.
Data from the Crown Prosecution Service shows that despite an increase in the number of referrals from the police for domestic abuse, both charging rates and prosecutions have decreased in the last quarter.
In Bath, the Southside project, Voices, and Somerset and Avon Rape and Sexual Abuse Support all support those affected by domestic abuse and sexual violence, but we cannot rely on charities to do the heavy lifting.
Does the Attorney General agree that if we want the public to have confidence in the system, increased reporting should lead to increased numbers of prosecutions?
Yes.
It is always difficult to talk with pleasure about increased numbers of prosecutions, because all the survivors of those acts have gone through a horrible event for a prosecution to take place, but I agree with the hon.