A whole range of actions, coupled with the plan for water, is bringing additional investment into the sector and taking a catchment by catchment approach.
What recent progress his Department has made on improving air quality.
What steps his Department is taking to help reduce air pollution.
We are driving down emissions and concentrations of the most harmful air pollutants, reducing their impact on public health and the environment.
Through the Environment Act 2021, we introduced further legal targets for fine particulate matter.
We have allocated £883 million to support local authorities, and air pollution has fallen significantly since 2010, with emissions of nitrogen oxide down by 48%, PM2.5 down by 24%, and sulphur dioxide down by 74%.
Given that incinerator capacity far outweighs waste, I welcome the Government’s decision to introduce a short-term pause in the determination of applications for environmental permits for certain types of waste incineration facilities.
Will the Minister please now extend that pause beyond its current official end date of  24 May  and include existing incinerators that have applied to increase their capacity?
I am grateful for my hon.
Friend’s question.
Our assessment of incineration capacity and needs is ongoing—I do not want to prejudge the outcome of that work or any of the next steps—but the Government are clear that proposed waste incineration facilities must not result in overcapacity or compromise our ambitions to minimise waste and improve recycling.
Last month, my local authority of Richmond upon Thames, along with other councils, was informed by DEFRA that its local air quality grant of £1 million—which had been awarded just two months earlier—was being rescinded.
Given the number of areas in Twickenham breaching air quality standards, including areas close to schools, and with World Health Organisation targets becoming ever more stringent, how does the Minister think he is meeting his commitment to “expand the resources available to councils to improve air quality”?
I am grateful for the hon.
Lady’s question, which gives us the opportunity to highlight the great progress we are making in this area.
We want to continue to make progress and support local authorities, but we did have concerns that the local air quality scheme was not delivering the most positive outcomes, and some of the bids that were coming forward were not aimed at improving air quality: we had bids for a robotic chatbot and for a kinetic art project.
We want to focus on improving air quality and make sure we are funding local authorities to do just that.
If he will take steps to implement a dog groomers charter mark that includes a register of serious injuries for dogs.
Under the Animal Welfare Act 2006, groomers must protect dogs under their control from harm and provide for their welfare needs.
Where that Act is breached, offenders face imprisonment or an unlimited fine.
As the legislation is already clear, we do not have any plans at the moment to implement a charter.
A constituent recently brought quite a distressing case to my office.
A routine trip to the dog groomer’s turned into a disaster for her beloved pet.
The dog was seriously injured due to the groomer using incorrect equipment, resulting in painful lacerations, multiple veterinary visits and permanent scarring.
Unfortunately, that is not an isolated case.
I am aware that, as the Minister says, the Animal Welfare Act provides some framework in relation to intentional harm, but I am amazed at the lack of regulation in the industry.
Will the Minister make an assessment of what further legislative steps can be taken to regulate the dog grooming industry and ensure the safety of all dogs?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this case, and obviously I sympathise with his constituent whose pet suffered that poor practice.