and learned Member for Northampton North (Sir Michael Ellis)  laughing, because he was the one who made that point—despite the fact that Bond is obviously a fictional character.
Now, ministerial Departments are publishing the barest details.
They do not even say what the tickets are for.
Could the Leader of the House, for instance, explain to us what her lunch with Saints and Sinners was all about?
I am sorry that the hon.
Gentleman, who is normally a stickler for detail, has not noticed that I have been reporting my returns monthly since the start of this year.
They are not very exciting, but they are reported monthly, and I think other Departments are also able to do that.
I did a speech at the Saints and Sinners Club for charity.
Two charities benefited from it, and they are in my entry in the parliamentary Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
I know he is keen on this issue and has campaigned on it for a long time.
Of course, people do make mistakes—he himself was adrift two years in registering an overseas visit—but I am in favour of parity between ministerial reporting and Parliament—
Why aren’t you doing it?
I am, and I have been doing that since the start of this year—[Interruption.]
I have.
May we have a debate on potholes? [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”]
In my Chipping Barnet constituency, they seem to be worse than ever.
After representations from me and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Finchley and Golders Green (Mike Freer) , London has been included in the Government’s major boost for potholes funding,  so we need a debate to ensure that Barnet Council uses the £736,000 that it is receiving over two years effectively to tackle potholes and get them filled in.
If there is consensus in this House on any issue, it is that we cannot talk enough about potholes.
An additional £8.3 billion has been allocated to councils for road improvements, which are of importance to our constituents.
Critically, local authorities must account for what they are spending that money on, and since  15 March , they have had to report against the last tranche of funding.
I will ensure that the Secretary of State has heard my right hon.
Friend’s keenness to have a debate on the matter, and she will know how to apply for one.
Godiva Calling, a battle of the bands competition, is taking place at venues across Coventry in May and June.
The competition will give some of Coventry and Warwickshire’s rising musical talents the opportunity to perform at the city’s now flagship music event, the Godiva Festival.
Successful artists win the opportunity to perform their own music on the main stage over the festival weekend in July.
Will the Leader of the House join me in encouraging local musicians to get involved in the competition, and will she arrange a debate on support for grassroots artists and on the importance of music and its ability to connect people and bring them together?
The hon.
Lady makes a number of points that are supported by many Members in the Chamber.
I join her in wishing everyone taking part in the battle of the bands a very good time, and congratulate them on making a success of what now seems a landmark event in the Coventry calendar.
She will know how to apply for a debate, and I encourage her to raise the matter with the Secretary of State on  23 May .
While the Prime Minister is today rightly meeting university vice-chancellors to warn them of their duty of care towards Jewish students, the National Union of Students has passed a so-called non-binding motion seeking to expel the Union of Jewish Students.
To ban Jews because they are Jewish is pure Nazi ideology, and it gives the lie, frankly, to those who claim that their anti-Zionism is not antisemitism.