Last year, our households on this small island handled 90,000 million tonnes of plastic.
It is indestructible—it cannot be burned and we cannot get rid of it.
Will the Minister support the global plastics treaty campaigned for by Greenpeace and others?
This Government are taking action on plastics.
Let me give the hon.
Gentleman a specific example: there has been a 93% reduction in the use of plastic bags as a result of measures that this Government have introduced.
If he looks at the communiqué from the G7 in Turin, he will see that the Government were supporting action on plastics, building on the work announced from Ottawa last week.
Many communities in my constituency face the double whammy of coastal tidal flooding and fluvial river flooding.
We have seen significant investment in places such as Par and St Blazey through the StARR project—St Austell  Bay Resilient Regeneration—which the Minister has been to see.
We have recently completed flood defences at Pentewan, but the village of Mawgan Porth remains vulnerable to both river and coastal flooding, and I cannot get any real progress in developing a scheme to reduce flood risk there.
Will the Minister meet me to look at what we can do to protect Mawgan Porth?
Having been to Cornwall to meet my hon.
Friend and see the StARR project for myself, I am more than happy to meet to discuss what more we can do, because I know that he and his colleagues on the local council are championing this scheme as much as they can, and I am more than happy to help.
The sun may be shining today, but it has been a long, cold, wet spring for our farmers.
Given the prediction that 17% of crops will be lost, what assessment has the Secretary of State made of the number of farming businesses that will reluctantly stop producing food?
How will he ensure that the farmers flood fund reaches all the farmers who desperately need it?
The hon.
Lady raises an extremely valid point, and it is a shared concern across the House.
Everyone can see the impact of the wet weather.
That is why we are continually engaging with the sector.
We had the farm to fork summit as part of that engagement, and we are looking at what easements can be granted in schemes such as the sustainable farming incentive, but also more widely.
I will have more to say on that shortly.
Southport has seen millions of pounds of investment into drainage capacity for water, but unfortunately the villages of Tarleton, Hesketh Bank and Banks have not.
These farming communities have been devastated by flooding.
The Minister for Food, Farming and Fisheries met me and my hon.
Friend  the Member for South Ribble (Katherine Fletcher)  last year, which was appreciated by farmers, but more needs to be done.
A report has been submitted to the Department.
We want to set up an internal drainage board.
What more can be done to make sure that is done at pace to help these communities?
As I touched on earlier, I am a huge supporter of the work of our internal drainage boards.
They do a superb job, which is why the Minister for Water and Rural Growth, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Keighley (Robbie Moore) , decided to allocate an additional £75 million.
We will look constructively at what more can be done in more areas through the focus of drainage boards.
My hon.
Friend will have seen that we have already flexed our regulations in response to Storm Henk, for example, and we are looking at what further things we can do.
Brexit has been a disaster for farmers across the United Kingdom, but at least in Scotland they have the certainty of funding going out beyond 2027, unlike in Labour-run Wales and Tory-run England.