Friend said what more we can do through our global supply chain measures.
My right hon.
Friend is right to focus on forest risk commodities: our flagship announcement at COP28 was that we were taking leading action on that.
Many who have watched nature documentaries, for example on the orangutans, can see how important that is to particular species.
I hope to table legislation on that later this month, but my right hon.
Friend is right to focus on its importance.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The environmental regulator has today condemned the disgusting state of our waterways caused by the Conservatives letting water companies pump them full of raw sewage.
This has to stop, so will the Government now back Labour’s plan and make water bosses personally criminally liable, so that if they keep illegally dumping sewage, they end up in the dock?
We already have the biggest ever prosecution by the Environment Agency, which is already live.
We have also already banned bonuses for those companies guilty of serious pollution.
We are quadrupling the number of inspections as part of that tougher enforcement scheme.
We are also bringing record investment into the water industry.
The hon.
Gentleman never comments on the quality of water in Wales, but perhaps he will want to address that in his follow-up question.
We will try Lincolnshire: I call Sir Edward Leigh.
In response to my earlier question, the Secretary of State said that food security was of urgent national concern.
Has any Agriculture Minister ever met a farmer who has denied that 3b land is just as good for growing arable crops as 3a land?
My right hon.
Friend the Minister for Food, Farming and Fisheries is extremely well placed to speak about the quality of land and how it pays, given that he himself farms.
We recognise that this is part of a wider debate about the clustering of solar sites on farm- land.
We also recognise the importance of food security.
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Gainsborough (Sir Edward Leigh)  can see the shift in focus to our environmental schemes that align with food security, because I believe that food security is instrumental to our national security, and that also affects our land use.
An Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee report published last year recommended that we support the request of the United Nations special rapporteur on the right to food to undertake a country visit to the UK before the end of 2023.
The Government initially indicated that they would facilitate that, but the Minister’s latest correspondence to me states that it will not be feasible to invite the special rapporteur this year.
Why is that not feasible before the general election?
The UN is ready and waiting.
I am happy to look at the specific issue that the hon.
Gentleman raises in relation to the UN, but we are clear about the importance of food production, food security and backing our farmers.
It is left-wing councils around the country that are banning meat and acting contrary to the interests of many of our farmers.
What can be done to improve compensation payments for cattle farmers following a TB outbreak?
We are constantly working with those farmers facing the misery of a TB outbreak.
I am aware of an outbreak in my hon.
Friend’s constituency in Leicestershire, which is very painful for the individual farmers concerned.
That is why we must throw everything we can at this terrible disease—every tool in the toolbox—to try to stop TB spreading across England.
I am so old that I grew up in a land without plastic; a better Britain wrapped in brown paper and string.
Last year, our households on this small island handled 90,000 million tonnes of plastic.
It is indestructible—it cannot be burned and we cannot get rid of it.
Will the Minister support the global plastics treaty campaigned for by Greenpeace and others?