Does the Attorney General agree that if we want the public to have confidence in the system, increased reporting should lead to increased numbers of prosecutions?
Yes.
It is always difficult to talk with pleasure about increased numbers of prosecutions, because all the survivors of those acts have gone through a horrible event for a prosecution to take place, but I agree with the hon.
Lady that it is generally a good sign that prosecution numbers are going up.
I am pleased to say that they are going up in her area for adult rape cases.
There is more to do on domestic abuse cases, which is why we are focusing specifically on the domestic abuse joint justice plan.
The work of the charities in her region, which I should say are funded by but independent of Government—that is what survivors prefer—will really help us to ensure that those survivors get justice.
The Attorney General will know that the Online Safety Act 2023 was given Royal Assent at the end of last year and that, in that Act, there are various bits of legislation to protect women and girls in relation to cyber-flashing, deepfakes and revenge porn.
Will she set out for the House how many prosecutions have taken place under that new, important piece of legislation that is trying to protect more women and girls from those other forms of violence?
I am afraid that I do not have to hand specific figures for the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency under that Act, but I am happy to get them for him.
We are confident that it will be possible to bring prosecutions under the Act.
These are important and distressing but relatively new crimes, and it is important that we continue to work with the police and the CPS to prosecute novel areas of criminal activity.
It is really difficult for survivors of these crimes to deal with them.
I call the Chair of the Justice Committee.
The Attorney General rightly refers to the work done in relation to domestic violence.
The most serious offences of violence against women and girls are rape and serious sexual offences.
As she will know, there are concerns that once victims have come forward, there are delays in their cases being heard, largely because of the difficulty in getting suitably experienced barristers to prosecute them.
Does she accept that one of the main drivers of that is the fact that legal aid fees were increased for defence barristers, but prosecution fees have lagged behind?
There is a gap of around £500 in the brief fee between prosecuting and defending.
Does she agree that we must plug that gap urgently, to get suitable counsel prosecuting as well as defending those cases?
The Chair of the Select Committee is tempting me to step on the firm territory of the Lord Chancellor, as he well knows.
He also knows, because he and I have discussed this many times, that the Lord Chancellor and I speak several times a week about our concerns about the shortage of counsel in the criminal sphere in particular.
However, I would say gently to my hon.
and learned Friend that I do not think money is the only reason why it is not always attractive to prosecute RASSO case after RASSO case.
They are draining cases to be involved in, and they are listed very tightly at the moment because of the pandemic backlogs, as he mentioned.
That leads to tensions with listings and with the judiciary, which can make it very difficult to do this area of work relentlessly.
I have nothing but praise for the barristers who are engaged in it.
What recent steps she has taken to increase joint working between the Crown Prosecution Service and police services.
Close and collaborative work across the criminal justice system is key to securing justice for victims, holding offenders to account and keeping the public safe.