Can we have a debate in Government time on how we can fix this scandal, which has blighted our communities up and down the country?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her comments, and I welcome her to her place.
I congratulate the Liberal Democrats on their success and their results in the election.
They have an historic number of new Members of Parliament, although I am surprised that she did not bungee jump her way in this morning or rollerblade her way along from Members Lobby.
She and I have worked together in the past, and I look forward to our working together in the future.
I know that part of the Liberal Democrat mandate at the election was about cleaning up our politics and turning the page, and this election certainly demanded action on that, so I hope we can realise some of that together.
I worked closely with the hon.
Lady’s colleague  the hon.
Member for North East Fife (Wendy Chamberlain)  on risk-based exclusions in the last Parliament, and I look forward to having a constructive relationship with her on those issues as well.
The hon.
Lady raised a few issues.
We absolutely share the Liberal Democrats’ concerns about the social care crisis in this country, and we are determined to get a grip on that.
We know that care is not always available or of the quality that people deserve, and we are determined that everybody should have access to dignified, independent support in life.
In the King’s Speech, we announced action in the employment Bill on establishing a fair pay agreement in the adult social care sector, and we look forward to working together on some of those issues.
On net zero, there will be the opportunity to question the Energy Secretary later.
We have a really ambitious plan to get to net zero and be a clean energy superpower by 2030, and we have already started that programme.
We have lifted the moratorium on onshore wind, we have agreed to planning applications for more solar in the past week than—taken together—has ever happened in our country’s history before and we have begun the process to establish Great British Energy.
I share the hon.
Lady’s frustrations about the quality of water in this country, and it falls to this Government—how can I put it?—to clean up some of the mess of the previous Government in this area. [
Interruption.]
I know Conservative Members do not like to hear about all their mess floating around in the rivers, but I am afraid it does float around.
We have announced a number of measures on that already, and we will continue to work together as we see our water special measures Bill that was announced in the King’s Speech yesterday progress through Parliament.
rose—
Order.
We are going to finish business questions at 10.50 am.
To help each other, a speedy question and a quick response will allow us to get in as many Members as possible.
I welcome the Leader of the House to her new position.
Worryingly, last week there was an attack at the Gurdwara Nanak Darbar in my constituency of Gravesham.
Thankfully, nobody was seriously hurt, but I would like to place on record my thanks to the gurdwara first responders and all the emergency services for that.
Although the facts of the case are still unclear, the attack caused understandable anxiety in the local Sikh community.
Would the Leader of the House consider scheduling a debate on the importance of protecting worshippers in their sacred spaces so that they may practise their faith without fear?
My hon.
Friend raises a very important matter in her first question in this House, and I very much welcome her election and her attendance here this morning.
These are very serious matters, and I am concerned to hear about them.