As a former teacher, he is laying down a clear marker that special educational need and children’s wellbeing will be at the forefront of his agenda as the new MP for St Helens North.
He will have seen that there will be an education debate next week; I hope he can raise these important issues then.
I very much welcome the Leader of the House to her position.
I look forward to a weekly relationship of questions and answers and wish her well.
I am very concerned about the Special Envoy for Freedom of Religion or Belief Bill, a private Member’s Bill that Fiona Bruce, the then Member for Congleton, introduced under the last Government and that the then Prime Minister was going to bring in.
Unfortunately, such was his haste for an election that the Bill was not included in the wash-up before the last Friday; in another week, it would have been law.
What can we do to make sure that that private Member’s Bill can be proceeded with?
When the Prime Minister was in opposition, I had discussions with him about ensuring that the special envoy is in place.
Will the Leader of the House discuss that in Cabinet, or should we bring forward a debate?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question; I am not quite sure why he is at the back of the queue already, when the House has been sitting for so little time, but maybe he will get himself higher up the queue in future debates.
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important matter.
A number of significant pieces of legislation failed to get through wash-up after the then Prime Minister took such an illogical decision to call an early election—one that I am sure Opposition Members are living to regret—but there will be a private Members’ Bills ballot in due course, which may be an opportunity to pursue the matter.
May I congratulate you on your re-election, Mr Speaker, and welcome the new Leader of the House to the Dispatch Box?
My Hastings and Rye constituents have suffered hugely because of the crumbling infrastructure of Southern Water.
People have been left without water for over five days on not just one but two occasions.
Residents and businesses have yet to be properly compensated.
The town centre of Hastings has been flooded twice, and we have seen record levels of sewage dumped in our sea and even appearing in people’s homes.
Will the Leader of the House look into when I can raise the matter in upcoming debates in the House?