That is why I pay tribute, on behalf of the House, to the men and women who serve in Britain’s armed forces, many of whom are overseas on deployment right now.
They are rightly respected worldwide for their bravery and their professionalism.
We thank them for what they do to keep us all safe, as we thank those out of uniform in UK defence.
They will have this new Government’s fullest support to do their job in defending this country
That is why at the NATO summit in Washington last week, the Prime Minister confirmed the Government’s unshakeable commitment to NATO, and our total commitment to spending 2.5% of GDP on defence.
It is why the Prime Minister launched this week a first-of-its-kind strategic defence review.
And it is why we announced in the King’s Speech legislation to create a new armed forces commissioner to improve service life.
Thank you, Mr Deputy Speaker.
It is a great pleasure to follow  the right hon.
Member for Wetherby and Easingwold (Sir Alec Shelbrooke) , and the excellent maiden speeches by my hon.
Friends the Members for Ealing Southall (Deirdre Costigan) and for Doncaster East and the Isle of Axholme (Lee Pitcher).
It gives me great delight to address this House as the new Member of Parliament for Kensington and Bayswater.
I doubt that, for any of us, the last seven weeks have been easy.
I know that many hon.
Members will still be catching up on their sleep after the campaign trail, but having our twins born in the first week of the general election campaign took things to another level.
If timing is everything in politics, that is certainly not a combination I would recommend anyone repeat—but my children will obviously have a great story to tell when they are older.
I want to take a moment to thank the team at Queen Charlotte’s hospital and across the Imperial College NHS trust for their incredible care.
Our NHS staff deserve our utmost respect and support, and I hope in the future that Saint Mary’s, Hammersmith and Charing Cross hospitals will finally get what they need to become the first-class premises that patients and staff in our community deserve, including the delivering of plans for a brand-new St Mary’s hospital.
I pay tribute to my two predecessors in this new constituency.
Felicity Buchan worked hard for the residents of Kensington over the past five years, and I particularly commend her for her work on the Homes for Ukraine programme.
Some issues are central to our national and international security, which transcends party politics, and supporting the struggle for a free Ukraine is one of them.
I am grateful for her work on this issue.
In Kensington and Bayswater, we have a Ukrainian cultural centre, the Ukraine embassy and a substantial Ukrainian population.
Having personally worked to support democracy and anti-corruption in Ukraine for many years, I will make sure that our Ukrainian community continues to have a strong advocate in Parliament.
I was also fortunate enough to inherit part of Dame Karen Buck’s former constituency of Westminster North.
Under previous boundaries, she represented north Kensington for many years.
I know from experience that tens of thousands of residents have been directly assisted by Karen and her staff with expertise and empathy.
I hope I can emulate even a small part of her unwavering focus on tackling poverty and our housing crisis, whether that is by holding our social housing landlords to account, by protecting private renters, including by abolishing section 21 no-fault evictions, or by finally ending the outdated feudal leasehold system.
Karen did a monumental amount of work to advance those causes, and I am sure she was absolutely delighted with their inclusion in the King’s Speech.
She has always exemplified public service over self-interest.
I will do my best, along with my other colleagues who are inheriting her constituency, to live up to her legacy.