Member for that question; he and I both know, after sitting through these sessions in the last Parliament, that the infected blood scandal is probably the single biggest issue raised in business questions.
It is absolutely important that we take action and follow through on the commitments that have been given.
I assure him that there will be an update to the  House at the earliest possible opportunity on the Government’s progress in dealing with the compensation scheme.
I welcome the Leader of the House to her place.
Will she join me in congratulating the business-led 2025 Group, which is celebrating the many positives of working in Grimsby and Cleethorpes?
Could we have time to debate the importance of our town centres and the ongoing need for high street regeneration, and to recognise the dire impact on local economies of delayed repairs to infrastructure such as Corporation bridge in my constituency?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question and welcome her back to her rightful place in this House as the new Member for Grimsby.
I know that she will do a fantastic job for the town.
As she knows, one of our big areas of focus during the election campaign was town centre regeneration, and our planning and infrastructure Bill and other measures announced yesterday will focus on just that.
I look forward to working with her on the issue over the coming months.
The last Conservative Government provided £213 million of funding for the Western Link road to complete the orbital route around Norwich, but during the election campaign I was concerned to hear rumours that Labour might axe it.
Can the Leader of the House provide a statement quickly to give reassurance to the people of Broadland and Fakenham, and Norfolk more widely, that this much-needed infrastructure will continue?
I am sure this is an important matter for the hon.
Member’s constituents.
I do not have the answer today, but I note that Transport orals will be coming at some point soon.
I will therefore get him a response from the Transport Secretary, and if that is not forthcoming, I am sure he will apply for a debate in the usual way.
Congratulations on your re-election, Mr Speaker.
Some 47% of children in my Liverpool Riverside constituency are living in poverty—nearly one in two—and I am sure that the Leader of the House agrees that that is unacceptable.
While I welcome the Prime Minister’s announcement yesterday of the taskforce, it did not mention the removal of the two-child cap.
Will the Leader of the House grant parliamentary time to discuss the removal of the two-child cap and dealing with child poverty?
I know the issue is close to my hon.
Friend’s heart.
As an incoming Labour Government, we are absolutely committed to tackling child poverty and all the root causes of child poverty.
That is why the Prime Minister announced the Government taskforce looking at these matters yesterday.
We were clear in our manifesto that the economic circumstances do not currently allow for us to abolish the cap.
Economic stability is the single biggest thing we can do to ensure that children do not fall into poverty, because when the economy crashes it is the poorest in society who pay the heaviest price.
I think my hon.
Friend has tabled some amendments to  the Loyal Address, and I sure she will have ample opportunity to debate them over the coming days of the King’s Speech debate.
My local councils in South Staffordshire and Dudley worked hard on local plans to provide the new housing that my constituents will need over the coming decade.
In the light of the alarming Government briefings on their planning reforms, can we have a debate in Government time on how we can make sure that democratically drawn-up local plans are respected and that the green belt safeguarded by those local plans remains protected?
I think the hon.