As a former MP for a northern constituency—I think he has travelled some way south since then—he will know that while the previous Government had strong rhetoric on levelling up, the reality was very different.
There were small pots of money that were not transforming communities, and one of the biggest issues at the election was that large parts of the country, especially in the midlands and the north, felt that the previous Government had failed on levelling up.
This Government will get growth in every part of the country, and we are committed to doing that.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for the warm welcome you have given to me and all the other newbies.
It is wonderful to see the Leader of the House in her place on the Government Front Bench.
Walleys Quarry landfill in Newcastle-under-Lyme has blighted the lives of my constituents for far too long.
In the early days of this new Government, can we have a debate on the adequacy of the enforcement powers of the Environment Agency and on how we can tackle the worst effects, health-wise and environmental, of landfill sites in Newcastle-under-Lyme and across our country?
I welcome my hon.
Friend to his place.
He raises an issue that I know is of great importance to his constituents, and there are serious questions to be answered as to why such breaches have been allowed to continue without being properly addressed.
I understand that criminal investigations are ongoing.
We are monitoring  the situation closely so that we can put an end to this awful situation.
A Labour Government are not going to sit back as the previous one did and let the toxic stench continue to hang over Newcastle-under-Lyme.
I warmly commend the right hon.
Lady on her appointment.
Will she bring forward a debate in Government time on the future of Royal Mail?
There are obviously issues with the overall ownership of Royal Mail, but there are also serious service issues in constituencies like mine, where Royal Mail was found wanting in the delivery of election material; indeed, there were delays to postal votes.
It has now changed the uplift times for many post boxes, so many of my constituents will be unable to post a first-class letter on the basis that it will be delivered the following day.
The right hon.
Gentleman raises issues that I know were raised by many others during the election campaign.
If he is not able to raise them with the Secretary of State in the upcoming King’s Speech debate—possibly on Monday, when we are debating the economy and public services—I am sure that such issues would make an extremely good candidate for an Adjournment or Westminster Hall debate, and I hope he manages to secure one.
Congratulations on your re-election, Mr Speaker.
I welcome the Leader of the House to her place; I also welcome and look forward to debating the children’s wellbeing Bill announced yesterday.
In St Helens North, there are many children in mainstream education with special educational needs such as dyslexia and autism who are waiting for assessment or struggling for support, despite the best efforts of their fantastic schools and hard-working teachers.
I hope that that issue will be covered in the debate on the Bill, but if not, can parliamentary time be found to debate special educational needs so we can ensure that no child is left behind?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on asking his first question.
As a former teacher, he is laying down a clear marker that special educational need and children’s wellbeing will be at the forefront of his agenda as the new MP for St Helens North.
He will have seen that there will be an education debate next week; I hope he can raise these important issues then.
I very much welcome the Leader of the House to her position.