My hon.
Friend raises a very important matter in her first question in this House, and I very much welcome her election and her attendance here this morning.
These are very serious matters, and I am concerned to hear about them.
She may be pleased to know that the first Home Office oral questions will take place on  29 July .
If she does not get the response that she wants then, I shall certainly raise this matter for her with the Home Secretary.
Congratulations on your re-election, Mr Speaker.
Will the Leader of the House find time for a statement on flood defences?
The last Parliament was on track to spend £5.2 billion on flood defences, including in communities like Severn Stoke and Tenbury Wells in my  constituency.
There are concerns that the incoming Government may cancel that spending, so will she timetable a statement and reassure us that that is not the case?
I welcome the hon.
Lady her to her place and congratulate her on surviving the tsunami that, I am afraid, took out some of her colleagues.
She raises a very important matter.
Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs orals have not yet been timetabled, so the subject would make a good candidate for an Adjournment debate application, should she want to do that.
In the meantime, I will get her a response on the Government’s plans for flood defences.
Mr Speaker, on behalf of the people of Stockport, can I congratulate you on your re-election?
I also congratulate my fellow Greater Manchester Labour MP on her appointment as Leader of the House.
I am certain that she will do a fantastic job.
Public libraries are a vital hub for communities across the nation, providing important spaces for drop-in sessions, internet connectivity, reading books and so much more, yet in my local authority of Stockport borough the local Liberal Democrat council is reducing staffed hours in our libraries—a move that threatens to leave many adults and children isolated and without access to critical services.
As such, will the Leader of the House allow a debate in Government time on our treasured public libraries?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his best wishes and for that important question.
Libraries and access to them play a vital role in our communities, supporting local people and children with their education.
I am afraid that the previous Government hollowed out local government funding over their 14 years in office.
They promised levelling up, but in fact we got years and years of cuts.
I will make sure that the Culture Secretary has heard my hon.
Friend’s question and supplies him with a reply.
Mr Speaker, congratulations on your re-election.
I welcome the Leader of the House most sincerely to her position; I always think business questions is the most illuminating and refreshing part of the week’s business.
One of the most pressing pieces of business that we considered prior to the general election was, of course, the compensation scheme for those infected and impacted by the infected blood scandal.
Can we have an urgent statement to detail the Government’s progress in ensuring that the compensation scheme is put in place and their progress towards the creation of the Infected Blood Compensation Authority?
Victims are still dying weekly, and I am certain that the Leader of the House will want to do everything possible to ensure that these matters are addressed as quickly as possible.
I thank the hon.
Member for that question; he and I both know, after sitting through these sessions in the last Parliament, that the infected blood scandal is probably the single biggest issue raised in business questions.
It is absolutely important that we take action and follow through on the commitments that have been given.
I assure him that there will be an update to the  House at the earliest possible opportunity on the Government’s progress in dealing with the compensation scheme.