I was pleased to hear the Leader of the House say earlier that town centre regeneration remained a priority for the Government.
May we please have an urgent statement from a Minister about the status of levelling-up fund grants?
As the Leader of the House may know, towards the end of last year, Andover in my constituency was awarded £18.3 million to kick-start the regeneration of its town centre.
Since then, a memorandum of understanding has been signed and some money has changed hands, and on that basis Test Valley borough council has made significant contractual and budgetary commitments, but there now appears to be an inexplicable delay in progress with the grant.
We have to ensure that the money is spent by the early part of 2026.
I should be grateful if the Leader of the House could provide some clarity, not just for Andover and for me, but for other Members who are similarly affected.
I will certainly seek to obtain some clarity for the right hon.
Gentleman on that issue.
As he will know, this Government are prioritising town centre redevelopment and “brownfield first”, and our planning and infrastructure Bill that was announced yesterday will include reforms of compulsory purchase order and land value issues, which will enable local authorities to acquire, for instance, derelict or empty properties that they need for town centre regeneration at a more appropriate value.
That will unlock significant investment, which I hope will benefit the project to which the right hon.
Gentleman has referred.
In 2025, Darlington, our region and the world will celebrate the bicentenary of the railway.
In my constituency, the celebrations have already started.
Will the Leader of the House grant us a  debate to discuss and celebrate the contribution of our industrial heritage in Darlington and how this Labour Government will create a new generation of green industrial jobs for the future in Darlington, in the Tees Valley and across our country?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on her election as the new MP for Darlington; I know she is going to provide a very strong voice for the people of Darlington on these important matters.
She will know that the green industrial revolution is absolutely at the core of the delivery of this Government’s missions—not only on growth, but on job opportunities and making the UK a clean energy superpower by 2030.
Transport and the railways are a core part of that, which is why we saw the announcement yesterday of our railways Bill and our rail franchising Bill, which will be debated at the end of the month.
She may want to raise these issues in that debate as well.
In one of her first acts, our new Deputy Prime Minister cut “Levelling Up” from her Department’s title.
The Leader of the House will know that there are dozens of town boards up and down the country that are populated by community leaders, business leaders and charity leaders.
Whether it was intended or otherwise, the change has genuinely caused anxiety among many of them about whether their funding might also be cut in future.
Can we have an urgent statement in the House so that the new Deputy Prime Minister can reassure them that the levelling-up funding they are due to receive will still be delivered?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
As a former MP for a northern constituency—I think he has travelled some way south since then—he will know that while the previous Government had strong rhetoric on levelling up, the reality was very different.
There were small pots of money that were not transforming communities, and one of the biggest issues at the election was that large parts of the country, especially in the midlands and the north, felt that the previous Government had failed on levelling up.
This Government will get growth in every part of the country, and we are committed to doing that.