Since this Government came into office, more than 1,000 people have illegally and dangerously crossed the channel, with four tragically dying.
These crossings are unnecessary, France being safe.
When will the Government come to the House to explain the change of policy, and will there be any votes on it?
Moving on, according to press reports the Energy Secretary decided last week to cancel all new applications for oil and gas licences in the North sea.
If true, that will increase energy prices and make us more dependent on potentially unreliable foreign gas imports.
Why did the Government not first come to the House to explain the new policy, and will there be a vote on it?
The Chancellor gave a speech last week on housing and planning, during which the Housing Secretary and Deputy Prime Minister simply sat and listened in rather uncharacteristic silence.
The Chancellor announced that green-belt protections will be scrapped—or, as she euphemistically put it, the green belt will be rebranded as the grey belt.
Renaming whole swathes of green belt as grey belt is a piece of shameless spin that would make even Peter Mandelson blush.
When will the Government come to the House to explain their plans for the removal of green-belt protections?
The Chancellor also made some outlandish claims about the economy and public finances.
The economy is in fact in fantastic condition.
Inflation—[Interruption.]
Yes, it is—Members should listen!
Inflation is down to 2%, lower than in the eurozone and the United States.
Wage growth, in contrast, is much higher at 6%.
Unemployment is low, at half the level left behind by the previous Labour Government, and the UK’s economic growth so far this year is the highest in the G7.
I understand that the Chancellor might make a statement at some point to the House on these topics.
Will the Leader of the House confirm that any claims about public finance made in this House will be accompanied by a full Office for Budget Responsibility   forecast, so we can be sure that any such claims are not simply being concocted by the Chancellor as a pretext for tax rises?
Mr Speaker, I have listed several major policy announcements made in the past 10 days with no reference to Parliament at all.
You quite rightly said to the previous Government on many occasions that major policy announcements should be made when Parliament is sitting and first to the House.
I would welcome your assistance in ensuring that the new Government adhere to those principles.
Finally, then, I ask the Leader of the House to make a commitment now that all major policy announcements will be made only when the House is sitting, as the Speaker previously requested, and first to this House of Commons, where elected Members from all parties can ask questions, including the 250 or so newly elected Labour Members, who I am sure want to ask questions as well.
I would be very grateful if she would confirm that.
Order.
I think the problem is that people’s comments ought to reflect their previous jobs as well.
Maybe that comment is from knowledge about making statements outside the House.
I do not know; I do not make any judgment.
The right hon.
Gentleman is absolutely correct that when the House is not sitting, of course statements will be made by the Government, but when the House is sitting, I expect them to be made in the House.
That has been a very clear message and the Leader of the House and I are both working to ensure that statements are heard here first.
I certainly take the point on board, but I do not want to be drawn into what we should or should not be doing in the future.
I welcome the ability to clarify the position.
Thank you very much, Mr Speaker.