For my own part, I also had to hand in my uniform once it became clear that the changes so desperately needed by our most courageous and selfless public servants must take place within this House.
Our country finds itself at a crossroads.
The climate emergency presents an existential threat to humankind and to the ecosystems that support life on this planet.
We must collectively and decisively turn to face the threat now and export bold leadership to our neighbours across the world.
The future is in the hands of our young people.
We must equip them today so that they can apply their energy to the challenges of tomorrow, but we cannot expect young people to engage in their political future when the curriculum does not enable them to do so and while an imbalanced education system denies so many the opportunities of the privileged few.
Neurodiverse children are let down by a neurotypical education system built by neurotypical people for neurotypical people.
If we are to unlock the challenges of tomorrow with diversity of thought, we must harness the opportunity of neurodiversity.
Finally, trust in politics has never been more fragile.
It is the responsibility of us all to restore public faith in our political institutions.
I invite fellow Members in the Chamber to renew UK politics through respectful discourse, regardless of our differences, and by dedicating this parliamentary term to public service.
Voters will engage with politics only if they feel that their vote has value.
We must transition to an electoral system of proportional representation.
On behalf of the people of Tewkesbury, thank you.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Inverclyde and Renfrewshire West (Martin McCluskey)  on his excellent  maiden speech, which is difficult to follow.
I gently say that it is marred only by the fact that he did not reference two of his most famous constituents: William Kidd, the pirate, and my mother, who was born in Houston.
Thank you, Mr Deputy Speaker, for allowing me to take part in this important debate at the dawn of this new Parliament.
I also thank my colleagues for their wise counsel and help as I take my first steps here in the cockpit of democracy.
Defence is the No.
1 task of any Government, as we have heard, and I am proud that my constituency, Dumfries and Galloway, has many fine young men and women currently in our armed forces, and many gallant veterans who have served on air, sea and land.
Of course, like every constituency, Dumfries and Galloway has many people working in the UK’s world-class defence industry, which deserves our support.
I worry about using the expression “punching above our weight” in relation to our armed forces.
A British major general who served with distinction in Afghanistan, and who knows a lot more about conflict and boxing than I do, told me, “That’s a recipe for getting knocked out as soon as the bell rings.”
I pay tribute to my predecessor, Alister Jack.
I make it clear that, although such praise is customary on these occasions, I offer tribute not out of duty but out of genuine respect and admiration.
As a special adviser, I had a front-row seat for Alister’s tour-de-force performance as Secretary of State for Scotland.
Under his leadership, the Scotland Office, small but perfectly formed—not unlike myself—was a bantamweight bazooka, bang on target for the people of Scotland on issues including equality, the independence debate and the benighted A75 and A77 roads that are so crucial to Dumfries and Galloway.
I hope I can apply the lessons learned at the feet of the master for the betterment of Dumfries and Galloway.
I got the finest start possible there and I want to make sure others get the same chances.
Only through marrying the talent and aspiration that abound in the south-west of Scotland with opportunities can we defeat that blight on all rural areas: depopulation.