It should go without saying that the postmasters are not the ones who should take the opprobrium of the public on this matter.
They are doing a fantastic job.
They hold communities together and provide a public service.
We should celebrate that and encourage people to use their facilities as much as possible.
If the right hon.
Gentleman has specific examples of postmasters receiving abuse or people being discouraged to use their services because of the scandal, I would be interested to hear about them.
It is a delight to see you back in the Chair, Mr Speaker.
There were many sub-postmasters and mistresses who were not convicted, but who are seriously out of pocket due to the shortfalls that they themselves made up and deeply traumatised by the experience that they went through.
Can the Minister provide reassurance that the Department will seek to ensure that they are supported, and that the compensation scheme is swift, effective but also very straightforward for them?
I thank the right hon.
Member for her question.
Those are the principles that we want to address and carry on with from the previous Government: the system should be fair, swift and simple.
We know that postmasters have already gone through an incredibly difficult time.
We do not want to make it even harder by having a convoluted system.
We absolutely agree that justice should be fair, quick, complete and straightforward for people.
Beyond compensation, one of the most important things that campaigners are looking for is consequences for those people who played a part in the creation of this scandal.
The Prime Minister has made much about the integrity and accountability of his Government.
Presumably that is retrospective.
What consequence does the Minister envisage for those current serving Government Ministers who are deemed by the inquiry to have been negligent in their conduct in ministerial office in the past?
That is a very important question.
It would be premature of us to draw conclusions before the inquiry has been completed but, absolutely, we should be looking very carefully at all those individuals whose behaviour unfortunately led to the scandal happening and to it taking far too long to address.
That is a matter for the inquiry to make recommendations on and, certainly, we will be looking to follow those up.
I welcome the Minister to his place.
I know that he was vociferous on this issue when he was on the Opposition Back Benches, so I have absolutely no doubt that he will deliver on it.
Some 26 postmasters implicated in the scandal in Northern Ireland are worried and concerned.
It is imperative that all postmasters feel that they can have an open and frank discussion with no fear of repercussion in the upcoming investigations, and there can be no further unwarranted delays.
Can the Minister confirm that, as a priority, he will make sure that postmasters have access at every level to ensure that their concerns are addressed and that he will make every effort to take steps in the right direction?
Thank you so much, Mr Speaker.
I do not see why that point should have come last. [
Laughter.]
What a surprise to see the hon.
Member in his place today.
I am sure that this will not be last time that we have an exchange across the Dispatch Box, but he does raise an important point.
We absolutely agree that we need to make it as easy as possible for postmasters to raise their concerns and to get the justice that they have so long waited for.
I congratulate you, Mr Speaker, on your return to your place, and the Minister on taking up his appointment.
Compensation is one part of this, but what victims of this scandal, such as Betty whom I met, want to see are truth and accountability.
I am referring not just to Ministers, to whom my right hon.