I certainly take the point on board, but I do not want to be drawn into what we should or should not be doing in the future.
I welcome the ability to clarify the position.
Thank you very much, Mr Speaker.
I start by thanking His Majesty the King for yesterday’s Speech and join colleagues in wishing Her Majesty the Queen a happy birthday for yesterday.
I also thank the staff and security services who have worked so hard both to get Parliament ready for the King’s Speech and on the huge task of transitioning from the last Parliament to this one, with so many new Members and so many leaving.
The election saw worrying incidents, including harassment and the sharing of misinformation and disinformation—it is unacceptable that some felt unable to go out campaigning, and our democracy depends on our coming together to say so—but we also saw the best of our democracy: the rapid changeover of power when people choose change.
May I thank you, Mr Speaker, for your leadership on MPs’ security?
I know that that is your top and most urgent priority.
May I also congratulate you on your re-election?
You are always fair and considered, and always put Members’ interests first.
Today might be the first big test of whether you know the names of all the new Members.
No tests, please.
We both share a strong commitment to upholding the role of Parliament and, as we have just discussed, to restoring respect.
That includes Ministers first making major announcements in the House, when it is sitting.
Rest assured, I will be robust on that, and I expect to see Ministers and Secretaries of State at the  Dispatch Box over the coming days as we play catch-up on the period in which the House was not sitting.
Thank you for your forbearance on that, Mr Speaker.
I welcome all new and returning Members to this 59th Parliament.
It is a Parliament to be proud of and one that reflects our country better than ever before.
There are more women than ever, more Members from ethnic minority backgrounds and more Members from the LGBT community.
It has been a real pleasure to see the excitement and possibilities of new Members—over half the House is new—as they find their way around this often baffling maze of a place.
I saw that one had described it as being like freshers’ week meets Hogwarts and Buckingham Palace.
Let us hope that they do not all drop down with freshers’ flu.
We lost some good colleagues from all sides at the election.
I pay tribute to my predecessor, Penny Mordaunt, who was always a worthy opponent across the Dispatch Box.
She brought a fresh approach not only to this role but as the first female Defence Secretary.
I always thought that she was an underused asset for the Conservative party, and she will be missed—especially by the parliamentary hairdressers.
I welcome the shadow Leader of the House,  the right hon.
Member for Croydon South (Chris Philp) , to his new role.
I know that he has always been keen.
After holding very many ministerial roles, I congratulate him on finally making it as a full member of the Cabinet—albeit with the word “shadow” before his title.
I hope that the role lives up to his ambitions.
Debates about leaking roofs, broken toilets and the price of a bacon butty in the Members’ Dining Room all await his close attention.
I am keen to work with him and we have already had constructive discussions.
I am clear that I want to take the whole House with us on the changes that we need to make.
However, we need to turn the page.
Recent years have been plagued by scandals, bad behaviour, disrespect, poor standards and poor legislation.