I know that many hon.
Members will still be catching up on their sleep after the campaign trail, but having our twins born in the first week of the general election campaign took things to another level.
If timing is everything in politics, that is certainly not a combination I would recommend anyone repeat—but my children will obviously have a great story to tell when they are older.
I want to take a moment to thank the team at Queen Charlotte’s hospital and across the Imperial College NHS trust for their incredible care.
Our NHS staff deserve our utmost respect and support, and I hope in the future that Saint Mary’s, Hammersmith and Charing Cross hospitals will finally get what they need to become the first-class premises that patients and staff in our community deserve, including the delivering of plans for a brand-new St Mary’s hospital.
I pay tribute to my two predecessors in this new constituency.
Felicity Buchan worked hard for the residents of Kensington over the past five years, and I particularly commend her for her work on the Homes for Ukraine programme.
Some issues are central to our national and international security, which transcends party politics, and supporting the struggle for a free Ukraine is one of them.
I am grateful for her work on this issue.
In Kensington and Bayswater, we have a Ukrainian cultural centre, the Ukraine embassy and a substantial Ukrainian population.
Having personally worked to support democracy and anti-corruption in Ukraine for many years, I will make sure that our Ukrainian community continues to have a strong advocate in Parliament.
I was also fortunate enough to inherit part of Dame Karen Buck’s former constituency of Westminster North.
Under previous boundaries, she represented north Kensington for many years.
I know from experience that tens of thousands of residents have been directly assisted by Karen with expertise and empathy.
I hope I can emulate even a small part of her unwavering focus on tackling poverty and our housing crisis, whether that is by holding our social housing landlords to account, by protecting private renters, including by abolishing section 21 no-fault evictions, or by finally ending the outdated feudal leasehold system.
Karen did a monumental amount of work to advance those causes, and I am sure she was absolutely delighted with their inclusion in the King’s Speech.
She has always exemplified public service over self-interest.
I will do my best, along with my other colleagues who are inheriting her constituency, to live up to her legacy.
I know how grateful we are for her 27 years of service in this House.
Kensington and Bayswater is an incredible part of London, as many hon.
Members will already know—indeed, I canvassed many of them during the campaign and have already been picking up casework in the corridors.
We are an amazing community, with fantastic campaigners and organisations, businesses, entrepreneurs, charities, heritage, music, parks and schools.
There is so much going for it, but there is also a deep inequality that has widened in recent years.
There is now a 19-year gap in life expectancy between a woman born in Notting Dale in North Kensington and one born in Holland Park, only a third of a mile away.
That gap that has increased by five years in the past decade alone.
Over 6,000 children are living in poverty and over 3,000 families are on a growing housing waiting list.
We are rightly proud of our contribution to the nation’s economy in terms of growth, talent, innovation and finance in so many different industries, and we celebrate the tourists who come to visit our museums, Portobello Road and our parks, but we must also tackle the underlying causes of the inequality that prevents too many people in my constituency from reaching their full potential, whether they are housing, education or employment opportunities.