The business for the week commencing  22 July  will include:
Monday 22 July —Continuation of the debate on the King’s Speech on the economy, welfare and public services.
Tuesday 23 July —Conclusion of the debate on the King’s Speech on immigration and home affairs.
Wednesday 24 July —Motion to approve the Global Combat Air Programme International Government Organisation (Immunities and Privileges) Order 2024, followed by a general debate on education and opportunity, followed by, at 7 pm, the House will be asked to agree estimates.
Thursday 25 July —Proceedings on the Supply and Appropriation (Main Estimates) Bill, followed by a motion to approve the Criminal Justice Act 2003 (Requisite and Minimum Custodial Periods) Order 2024, followed by a debate on motions on second jobs for Members of Parliament and to establish a House of Commons modernisation committee.
Friday 26 July —General debate on making Britain a clean energy superpower.
The provisional business for the week commencing  29 July  includes:
Monday 29 July —Second Reading of the Passenger Railway Services (Public Ownership) Bill.
Tuesday 30 July —Second Reading of the Budget Responsibility Bill.
The House will rise for the summer recess at the conclusion of business on  Tuesday 30 July  and return on  Monday 2 September .
Subject to the progress of business, the House will then rise for the conference recess on  Thursday 12 September  and return on  Monday 7 October .
First, I congratulate you, Mr Speaker, on your unanimous re-election to the Chair and your triumphant victory in Chorley with 75% of the vote.
Clearly we can all learn a great deal from you about how to win elections.
I look forward to working with you and, I hope, learning from your very long experience of this House.
Congratulations to all colleagues elected on  4 July , including those Opposition Members who had to work so hard to survive what was an electoral tsunami of biblical proportions.
I especially congratulate those on both sides of the House who were elected for the first time.
It is a huge honour to serve in this House.
My particular congratulations go to  the right hon.
Member for Manchester Central (Lucy Powell)  on her appointment as Leader of the House.
I hope that she has had the opportunity to practise wielding a sword for  several hours and wearing an embroidered cape with panache; her predecessor, Penny Mordaunt, was an expert at doing both things.
When looking at the Hansard of previous exchanges, I noticed that in the final business questions of the last Parliament, the shadow Leader of the House, as she was then, paid tribute to Penny’s renowned, formidable blow-dried haircut.
I can only apologise to the House for my own short back and sides being nothing in comparison.
I know colleagues on both sides of the House will miss Penny, wish her well and hope she returns here before too long.
I thank the House staff and Clerks for their work welcoming new Members, and the Leader of the House for the collegiate approach she has taken in our private discussions so far.
However, of course these exchanges are an opportunity to raise questions about House business and the associated conduct of Government.
Although the new Government are less than two weeks old, there are already some questions I would like to raise.
First, the Government have announced, with no reference at all to Parliament, that the Rwanda scheme—enabled by Bills that this House passed—has been scrapped.
The scheme had been due to start next week, and would have provided a deterrent to illegal immigration across the channel.
We have seen deterrents of that kind work elsewhere.
Since this Government came into office, more than 1,000 people have illegally and dangerously crossed the channel, with four tragically dying.
These crossings are unnecessary, France being safe.
When will the Government come to the House to explain the change of policy, and will there be any votes on it?