The Energy Secretary is here today to make an oral statement, so the hon.
Gentleman may want to raise the issue with him then.
There will be other opportunities in upcoming days if he is not able to get an answer later today.
On Tuesday, I was fortunate to visit Team Wales Business Club at the Principality stadium, where I met some fantastic, resilient young sportspeople: Alys Thomas, Poppy Ellis, and my constituent Harrison Walsh, the Paralympian discus thrower.
Will the Leader of the House join me in wishing Team GB the best of luck in the Olympic and Paralympic games to be held in Paris this summer?
It will be a really exciting time for our young people, who can aspire to participate in these sports in the future.
I welcome my hon.
Friend back to her place.
New Members who do not know her will not be aware that she raised matters relating to sport very thoroughly—indeed, superbly—during the last Parliament.
I certainly join her in wishing Team GB all the very best for the upcoming Paris Olympics.
It is a pleasure to see you in the Chair, Mr Speaker, and I congratulate the Leader of the House on her appointment.
The recent closures of two Boots pharmacies in Hampton in my constituency came amid hundreds of other community pharmacy closures across England, driven largely by the financial pressures on community pharmacies from an outdated pharmacy contract, coupled with impenetrable bureaucratic NHS England processes that do not engage with local communities when it comes to closures and new licence applications.
Will the Leader of the House urgently grant a debate in Government time to consider this issue, given the health crisis faced by our country?
The hon.
Lady has raised an extremely important issue.
Ensuring that community pharmacies are available in every community, offering a full range  of services that can help to prevent people from needing access to primary care or A&E, is key to our delivery of an NHS fit for the 21st century.
I am sure that the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, who I know has already been progressing some of these matters, would welcome a question about this particular matter during Health questions next Tuesday, and hopefully the hon.
Lady’s name will be drawn in the ballot.
Will the Leader of the House join me in wishing Shankhill Church of England Primary School a very happy 150th birthday?
Like the hundreds of other rural schools across Britain, including a number in my own constituency of Carlisle, Shankhill not only provides an outstanding education for its very small number of pupils, but makes an important contribution to what is an isolated community in north Cumbria.
Will the Leader of the House make time for a debate on the important contribution that rural schools make to our country?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on her election, on being here and on asking her first question in this place.
That is always a daunting process, but I hope she now feels that she has the confidence to go on.
She has raised an important matter which I know has been raised by others in the past—namely the challenges faced by rural schools with, in many instances, diminishing pupil rolls—and I think she should raise it again during next week’s education debate.
I was pleased to hear the Leader of the House say earlier that town centre regeneration remained a priority for the Government.
May we please have an urgent statement from a Minister about the status of levelling-up fund grants?
As the Leader of the House may know, towards the end of last year, Andover in my constituency was awarded £18.3 million to kick-start the regeneration of its town centre.