I hope I can apply the lessons learned at the feet of the master for the betterment of Dumfries and Galloway.
I got the finest start possible there and I want to make sure others get the same chances.
Only through marrying the talent and aspiration that abound in the south-west of Scotland with opportunities can we defeat that blight on all rural areas: depopulation.
We need the three J’s: jobs, jobs, jobs.
We have much work to do to make ours a go-to destination, not a go-through destination.
Blessed with a balmy climate, we are home to some of the country’s finest dairy herds.
Our unspoiled landscape is a tourism dream.
The terrain, for instance around Newton Stewart and Minnigaff, is ideal for cycling.
The Merrick, the Cairnsmore of Fleet and the Galloway hills are a delight for hikers.
Stroll on the beach at Killantringan—I will help Hansard with the spelling later—on the rugged Rhins peninsula, and you will probably have the golden strand all to yourself, and you will see our Northern Irish friends in this great Union just 14 miles distant.
Dumfries itself, astride the mighty Nith, is rightly lauded as the “Queen of the South”.
Erudite Wigtown is Scotland’s national book town, and there I picked up a copy of “If”, arguably the finest work by Rudyard Kipling.
His lines,
“If you can meet with Triumph and Disaster
And treat those two impostors just the same”,
resonate now on the Government Benches, where Labour Members are having a moment in the sun, but also on  the Opposition Benches, where the blue flame of Conservativism gutters in the storm, burns low, but does not go out.
Many suppose “If” to be about Kipling’s son, John, who was tragically killed serving with the Irish Guards in the great war.
In fact, it was inspired by Leander Starr Jameson, who grew up in my home town of Stranraer, after his father took editorship of the Wigtownshire Free Press.
That venerable newspaper is still in circulation, and I got my first and last journalism jobs there, as a trainee reporter and latterly as editor.
Jameson led a daring raid against the South African Republic in 1896.
Perhaps there is something in the pristine waters of south-west Scotland that instils a resilience and self-reliance in its people, for John Paul Jones, father of the United States navy, was also a native Gallovidian.
Jones unfortunately went pirate on us in the American revolution.
Locked in mortal combat with the Royal Navy off Flamborough Head in 1779, he is reputed to have said:
“Surrender?
I have not yet begun to fight!”
I am proud, then, to have been elected to represent the redoubtable people of Dumfries and Galloway, inheritors of Jameson’s alacrity and Jones’s never-say-die attitude, both vital in today’s febrile times.
In conclusion, Bonnie Gallowa’ has a storied past and, I am determined, a bright future.
I shall endeavour, as Kipling didn’t quite put it, to keep the heid.
Thank you, Mr Deputy Speaker.
It is a great pleasure to follow  the right hon.
Member for Wetherby and Easingwold (Sir Alec Shelbrooke) , and the excellent maiden speeches by my hon.
Friends the Members for Ealing Southall (Deirdre Costigan) and for Doncaster East and the Isle of Axholme (Lee Pitcher).
It gives me great delight to address this House as the new Member of Parliament for Kensington and Bayswater.
I doubt that, for any of us, the last seven weeks have been easy.
I know that many hon.
Members will still be catching up on their sleep after the campaign trail, but having our twins born in the first week of the general election campaign took things to another level.
If timing is everything in politics, that is certainly not a combination I would recommend anyone repeat—but my children will obviously have a great story to tell when they are older.