I congratulate you, Mr Speaker, on your return to your place, and the Minister on taking up his appointment.
Compensation is one part of this, but what victims of this scandal, such as Betty whom I met, want to see are truth and accountability.
I am referring not just to Ministers, to whom my right hon.
Friend  the Member for North West Hampshire (Kit Malthouse)  referred, but to those involved in the scandal.
What can the Minister say to people in the Post Office and to Betty, who want to see those responsible in the Post Office properly held to account, as well as the compensation for their suffering?
I thank the hon.
Member for his question.
He makes an important point.
Justice is one side of the coin, but there is also accountability for what has happened.
A lot of people want to see that: not just those directly affected, but everyone who has been outraged by the years of inertia and obfuscation that we  have seen in this scandal.
The purpose of the inquiry is to get to the heart of who knew what, who did what and who did not do what they should have done, and whether individuals should take some responsibility for their actions.
I have no doubt that, when those recommendations are released, we will want to see some very swift action on the back of that.
I was privileged to be one of those MPs who, a decade ago, was campaigning on this issue in Parliament with the now Lord Arbuthnot and campaigning on cases in my constituency—people had been treated appallingly.
Those people have not yet received compensation.
If there is going to be any kind of delay in compensation to those who have suffered, is there any way that early, interim payments can be made to those who need the support now and certainly before too long?
I thank the hon.
Member for his question, and join him in praising Lord Arbuthnot’s work in this area.
As of  31 May , £222 million has already been paid out in compensation.
There have actually been significant interim payments as well.
We understand that, while this is a very large scheme, it is important that we get early payments, so I assure the hon.
Member that interim payments are a very large part of this programme.
The legislation that we passed was a blanket measure.
It might be clear to us who is or is not included, but for the individuals affected it will not necessarily have been clear.
Will the Minister update the House on the progress that has been made in identifying them and writing to them to confirm that their convictions have been quashed?
I thank the hon.
Member for his important question.
We have been working closely with colleagues in the Ministry of Justice to identify those people who are affected by the legislation, and they will be contacted in due course if they have not been already.
Will the Leader of the House update us on forthcoming business?
The business for the remainder of the week will include:
Friday 19 July —Subject to the House agreeing the motion on today’s Order Paper, continuation of the debate on the King’s Speech on planning, greenbelt and rural affairs.
The business for the week commencing  22 July  will include:
Monday 22 July —Continuation of the debate on the King’s Speech on the economy, welfare and public services.
Tuesday 23 July —Conclusion of the debate on the King’s Speech on immigration and home affairs.
Wednesday 24 July —Motion to approve the Global Combat Air Programme International Government Organisation (Immunities and Privileges) Order 2024, followed by a general debate on education and opportunity, followed by, at 7 pm, the House will be asked to agree estimates.