Kensington and Bayswater is a special place making a huge contribution to our national life in so many ways.
My hope is that, under this Labour Government, we will become a fairer place too, building on our strengths and addressing the inequalities that have held us back.
It will not be easy and it will not happen overnight—as a QPR fan, I have learned over many years to be realistic—but we have an opportunity now to restore faith and trust in government and democracy, and to restore our reputation internationally too.
But may I say how great it is to see you in the Chair for this debate, albeit in a temporary role?
And may I say, through you, that the Foreign Secretary wanted to be here for the debate, but he and the Prime Minister are hosting the leaders of over 40 European countries at the European Political Community meeting at Blenheim palace today—it is an important day for our country.
He will look forward to following the debate as soon as he returns.
I congratulate all 315 re-elected and returning Members of this House, and welcome in particular all Members who were elected for the first time.
Savour that special feeling when you first walk into this Chamber and sit on these green Benches.
Remember it; respect it.
Our constituents have given each of us their confidence; they have given us the mandate to serve them and the country.
Two week ago, I stood at my local constituency election count in a sports hall in Rotherham.
It is the honour of my life to stand at this Dispatch Box today as the Defence Secretary—as part of the new Government at the start of this new era for Britain.
The last time that I spoke at this Dispatch Box was a week before the election in 2010, as a housing Minister dealing with planning reform.
Even then, I warned that
“there are fundamental flaws in the Conservatives’ proposed planning regime”.
However, my main argument on that day focused on accountability.
I said:
“accountability is a central tenet”—[Official Report,  29 March 2010 ; Vol.
503, c. 611.]
of public life, serious decisions and good government.
Having re-entered Government, I feel that just as fiercely as I did 14 years ago.
What we do, what we say and how we conduct ourselves in Government matters.
We must always be accountable in this House, to the public and to Parliament.
By doing that, we will help to regain trust in Government and return politics to public service.
I pay tribute to my predecessors, Grant Shapps and Ben Wallace, whom I shadowed for over four years from the Opposition Benches.
The House will now miss them both in differing ways.
They served as Defence Secretaries during what the Chief of the Defence Staff has described as the most extraordinary time for defence in his career.
That responsibility now passes to me.
I am grateful to have the support of such a stand-out ministerial team: the Minister for Defence Procurement and Industry, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Liverpool Garston (Maria Eagle) ; the Minister for the Armed Forces, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Plymouth Sutton and Devonport (Luke Pollard) ; the Minister for Veterans and People, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham Selly Oak (Al Carns) ; and Lord Coaker in the other place.
The first duty of any Government is to defend the country and keep our citizens safe.
That is why I pay tribute, on behalf of the House, to the men and women who serve in Britain’s armed forces, many of whom are overseas on deployment right now.
They are rightly respected worldwide for their bravery and their professionalism.
We thank them for what they do to keep us all safe, as we thank those out of uniform in UK defence.