This week, the new Minister of State for Education visited my constituency to look at the excellent work being done by the London Ambulance Service in its education centre, and in particular the apprenticeships that it offers, which have opened up opportunities to people who would not normally have access to that route, including military veterans.
Will the Leader of the House look to find time to debate apprenticeships, particularly with an eye to schemes like this and how might broaden opportunities?
I welcome my hon.
Friend to his place with his election as the Member for West Ham and Beckton.
I am sure that he will be a strong MP for that new constituency.
He raises an important point.
Dealing with apprenticeships and apprenticeship reform, I hope that the announcement yesterday in the King’s Speech of the new Skills England body sends a signal of how important this issue is for the Government in delivering on our mission for growth and delivering opportunity for all.
He will have noticed that we have an education debate timetabled for next week, where he can raise the matter.
Throughout my time in the House, I have campaigned for improved transport connections to serve my constituency, which at that time was Cleethorpes.
One such campaign was the restoration of the train service from Cleethorpes through Grimsby and Lincoln to Kings Cross.
The previous Transport Secretary had approved that service, and I understand that it is now with Network Rail and LNER to complete the necessary arrangements.
May we have a statement from the new Transport Secretary confirming that that service will indeed begin in the winter timetable?
The hon.
Member raises a good point.
He and I have discussed transport issues, and I support his call for greater transport infrastructure investment across our regions, and especially in the north, which I am afraid was distinctly lacking under the previous Government.
I will raise that matter with the Transport Secretary, and I have no doubt that she will come before the House in due course.
As I said in the business statement, she will bring forward a Bill the week after next, and he could raise those issues then if he has not heard from her before.
May I congratulate you, Mr Speaker, on your re-election?
My constituency has a large number of villages and a rural contingent.
While I welcome the announcements yesterday in the King’s Speech, I wonder whether there is further information about how we will deal with flooding and, in particular, the flood resilience taskforce.
Although we are in the summer, we will fast approach the winter.
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question and welcome her back to her place.
She was not here long before she had to face the electorate again, and it is great to see that she has been returned so convincingly.
She raises important matters about flood defence, as others have.
I note that the King’s Speech debate tomorrow will cover rural affairs, so she might want to raise those issues with the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, who I believe will respond to that debate.
Double child rapist and murderer Colin Pitchfork was due to have his parole hearing last week in public, following my successful application to the chair of the Parole Board, who agreed to have it in public.
The parole hearing has been rescheduled to an unknown date, and only last week the chair of the Parole Board said in public, without writing to me, that she had cancelled her decision to have a public parole hearing for Mr Pitchfork.
I welcome the Leader of the House to her place.
Could we have an urgent statement on this matter or, better still, an urgent meeting with the Minister to discuss why the Parole Board is acting in this way?
As ever, the hon.
Gentleman raises an incredibly important issue.