These are people whose lives were changed forever on  14 June 2017  and who have had to wait far too long for justice and for those responsible to be held to account.
In the coming weeks, the second phase of the public inquiry will report.
I know that hon.
Members here will join me in looking to those recommendations to ensure that a tragedy like Grenfell can never happen again.
I warmly welcome the inclusion in the King’s Speech of the duty of candour law for public servants.
I applaud the effective campaigning of those affected by Grenfell, Hillsborough, infected blood and Windrush, and of others who have suffered because of an unacceptable defensive culture across many of our public institutions.
I hope we can look at further measures to ensure robust oversight of the implementation of the recommendations from those inquiries.
Kensington and Bayswater is a special place making a huge contribution to our national life in so many ways.
My hope is that, under this Labour Government, we will become a fairer place too, building on our strengths and addressing the inequalities that have held us back.
It will not be easy and it will not happen overnight—as a QPR fan, I have learned over many years to be realistic—but we have an opportunity now to restore faith and trust in government and democracy, and to restore our reputation internationally too.
I will look at all proposals, but I think the hon.
Gentleman knows that underground cables cost six to 10 times more; that is why the last Government did not agree to them.
If part of our challenge is to cut bills for people, that is not a sustainable solution for the future.
I am sympathetic to all MPs who raise issues on behalf of their constituents, but I gently say again to him that if we want to avoid a repeat of the cost of living crisis, if we want to tackle the climate crisis, and if we want energy security, we will have to build the grid in our country.
I wish to make it clear that I am once again waiving the provisions of the sub judice resolution in relation to this matter to allow Members to be able to discuss fully these issues of national importance.
(Urgent Question): I congratulate you on your re-election, Mr Speaker, and thank you for granting this urgent question, which is to ask the Secretary of State for Business and Trade if he will make a statement on financial redress for sub-postmasters and outstanding issues relating to the Post Office Horizon scandal.
I congratulate the shadow Secretary of State on his new position and on securing the first urgent question of this Parliament.
Members will know that the Government made a key manifesto commitment to ensure that justice and compensation are delivered as swiftly as possible for every postmaster caught up in the Horizon scandal.
The Secretary of State has already met Sir Alan Bates, Kevan Jones and the chair of the Post Office, Nigel Railton, to discuss the progress being made and what more can be done.
The Government intend to make a significant announcement on the new redress scheme before the summer recess.
This scheme will apply to postmasters whose convictions have been overturned by the Post Office (Horizon System) Offences Act 2024 passed in the last Parliament.
I welcome the Minister to his role.
I say in all sincerity that I wish him the very best of luck.
We on the Opposition Benches, in the national interest, wish the Government to succeed.
It is vital that his Department succeeds in its brief.
When British businesses do well, we all do well.
I hope this urgent question, on a matter on which the House has been in agreement, will set us off on the right foot in working together in the national interest.
That matter is of course compensation for sub-postmasters affected by the Horizon scandal.