Could we have an urgent statement on this matter or, better still, an urgent meeting with the Minister to discuss why the Parole Board is acting in this way?
As ever, the hon.
Gentleman raises an incredibly important issue.
For new Members who do not know, he has a strong track record in this place of raising such matters.
I will ask the Minister to meet him urgently to discuss this important issue.
Congratulations on your re-election, Mr Speaker.
I warmly welcome my right hon.
Friend the Leader of the House; I know she will do an amazing job.
In February 2022, MPs and peers passed an amendment to the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Bill to repeal the Vagrancy Act 1824.
However, the last Government failed to set out a commencement date for repeal, while trying to criminalise rough sleepers through the Criminal Justice Bill, which did not pass.
I am aware that many homelessness organisations have written to my right hon.
Friend, so can she give the House clarity on when the Labour Government will commence the section to repeal that Act, since it is already law?
Surely, 200 years on, it is time to consign the Vagrancy Act to the dustbin, where it belongs.
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question and welcome her back to her place.
I look forward to continuing to work closely with her, as I have done in recent years.
She always raises incredibly pertinent matters in this House.
I do not have the answer to her question, but the Home Secretary will come to the House for a number of reasons in the coming weeks, when my hon.
Friend might want to raise this matter.
On Tuesday we have the immigration and home affairs debate on the King’s Speech, and Home Office oral questions are on  Monday 29 July .
If she does not get a reply at either of those, I will raise the matter directly for her.
As one proud Lancastrian MP to another, congratulations on your unanimous re-election to the Chair, Mr Speaker.
Planning on the green belt is a huge concern in my constituency of Fylde—housing is part of it, but there are also the Morgan and Morecambe wind farm proposals.
Most residents back the new renewable energy being  built off the Fylde coast, but there are concerns about the cabling and substation route, which appears to take the route of least resistance.
It will see miles of farmland and countryside dug up, and substations built in inappropriate locations.
We seem to be unable to get answers from the company on why that has been chosen as the preferred route, when other far more appropriate routes for cabling and substations exist.
Will the Leader of the House assure me that the Government will work with us to get answers from the company and clarity about the other routes that could be used for the cabling, and to ensure that it works with me, local campaigners and the council to get the most appropriate route?
Order.
This issue is so important that I think the hon.
Gentleman ought to think about having an Adjournment debate on it—although he nearly had one just then.
I warmly welcome the new Member to his place.
He is a rarity as a Conservative Member in north-west England and Lancashire.
He raises an incredibly important question: connecting the national grid appropriately to our new clean energy programme is a critical issue for the Government.
The Energy Secretary is here today to make an oral statement, so the hon.
Gentleman may want to raise the issue with him then.
There will be other opportunities in upcoming days if he is not able to get an answer later today.