It is good to see you back in your place, Mr Speaker.
The new Minister will recall the old saying that a new broom sweeps clean, and I am sure he will make progress very quickly indeed.
It seems to me that the Post Office scandal reveals a wider problem in British society.
Whether it is Orgreave, Grenfell, contaminated blood or the problems at Hillsborough, the British establishment  seems incapable of listening to the voices of ordinary people.
Will he raise that matter with other Ministers and see whether there is a way for this Government to ensure that is not repeated?
My hon.
Friend raises an interesting point.
In recent years, we, as Members, have reflected on the question of political accountability for decisions that have been taken and actions that have taken place over many years.
We will be reflecting on how best to ensure there is genuine political accountability in the system.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I also welcome you back to your place, Mr Speaker.
It is a genuine pleasure for me, as the Liberal Democrat spokesperson, to be addressing the House on behalf of the third largest political grouping.
My party will use the privilege of that position to hold the Government and Ministers to account.
We will not be using it simply to stoke division and manufacture grievance.
That is what the people of the United Kingdom, and Scotland in particular, voted for.
At the heart of the Horizon scandal was the culture at the centre of the organisation that failed to respect the work that was being done by sub-postmasters at the frontline.
The Minister and the Secretary of State will meet with the chief executive of the Post Office.
What evidence have they seen that that culture has actually changed?
I do not know if the right hon.
Gentleman is aware that the current chief executive officer has stepped aside for a brief period to concentrate on the inquiry.
Over the coming months, we will be reflecting on the important questions that the right hon.
Gentleman raises, particularly when the outcome of the inquiry is known.
Referring to the point raised by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Normanton and Hemsworth (Jon Trickett) , what role does the Minister think this Government can find for third party organisations, such as WhistleblowersUK or those organisations that work with people to highlight such scandals?
As my hon.
Friend pointed out, this was a systematic failure across Government and society, and we simply cannot allow it to happen again.
My understanding is that the last Government undertook a consultation on whistleblowing.
We are reflecting on the outcome of that and on the important point my hon.
Friend raises.
Across a whole range of bodies in this country, whistleblowers have not been heard.
We need to consider whether the current legislation gives them sufficient confidence to speak out, and whether their actions and concerns are being addressed.
Many congratulations on your re-election, Mr Speaker.
I congratulate the Minister on his appointment.
I know he is genuinely committed to  promoting British business at home and abroad, but is he aware of a serious issue flowing from the Horizon scandal that is now affecting current postmasters?
In order to express their disgust at what has happened in relation to Horizon, some members of the public are not using the Post Office in the way they did previously.
Will he and the Government commit to promote the view that the Post Office is safe to use, because the scandal has been resolved and because using post offices is good for the community?
I am concerned to hear about such incidents.
It should go without saying that the postmasters are not the ones who should take the opprobrium of the public on this matter.
They are doing a fantastic job.
They hold communities together and provide a public service.