Karen did a monumental amount of work to advance those causes, and I am sure she was absolutely delighted with their inclusion in the King’s Speech.
She has always exemplified public service over self-interest.
I will do my best, along with my other colleagues who are inheriting her constituency, to live up to her legacy.
I know how grateful we are for her 27 years of service in this House.
Kensington and Bayswater is an incredible part of London, as many hon.
Members will already know—indeed, I canvassed many of them during the campaign and have already been picking up casework in the corridors.
We are an amazing community, with fantastic campaigners and organisations, businesses, entrepreneurs, charities, heritage, music, parks and schools.
There is so much going for it, but there is also a deep inequality that has widened in recent years.
There is now a 19-year gap in life expectancy between a woman born in Notting Dale in North Kensington and one born in Holland Park, only a third of a mile away.
That gap that has increased by five years in the past decade alone.
Over 6,000 children are living in poverty and over 3,000 families are on a growing housing waiting list.
We are rightly proud of our contribution to the nation’s economy in terms of growth, talent, innovation and finance in so many different industries, and we celebrate the tourists who come to visit our museums, Portobello Road and our parks, but we must also tackle the underlying causes of the inequality that prevents too many people in my constituency from reaching their full potential, whether they are housing, education or employment opportunities.
I know from the thousands of people I have met across our constituency that far too many feel like government is not working for them.
They see too many politicians putting political party before country and self-interest before community.
I know that trust in government and politicians has plummeted as a result, but it does not have to be this way.
I have spent my career working to make democracy work better in dozens of countries around the world by supporting reformers  in government to work with civil society to be more transparent, more inclusive and more accountable and to deliver for people on the priorities that they care about.
In Kensington and Bayswater, that means, for example, getting a grip on the dirty money in luxury property that still stains our community.
Despite recent progress in legislation, and despite the leadership that Baroness Hodge,  the right hon.
Member for Sutton Coldfield (Mr Mitchell)  and many others have shown on this topic, we still have in our constituency one of the highest numbers of anonymously owned properties registered in tax havens, with loopholes allowing autocrats and kleptocrats to continue shielding their ownership.
Many of those properties sit empty, hurting our local businesses and schools and hollowing out our sense of community.
I agree that those that are frozen under sanctions should be utilised as soon as possible, so I am determined to build on our Kensington Against Dirty Money campaign and continue advocating for London to end its reputation as the dirty money capital of the world, and instead become the anti-corruption capital of the world.
There is no worse example of what happens when government stops listening to people and when transparency and accountability are discarded than what happened at Grenfell Tower over seven years ago.
Seventy-two people lost their life in an entirely preventable tragedy, yet we still do not have truth, justice and change for the bereaved, survivors and affected community.
These are people whose lives were changed forever on  14 June 2017  and who have had to wait far too long for justice and for those responsible to be held to account.
In the coming weeks, the second phase of the public inquiry will report.
I know that hon.