The need for those links was recognised in the “Safeguarding the Union” Command Paper, and more recently, earlier this week, when we talked about the reinvestment of money that would have been spent on the northern sections of High Speed 2 into ensuring good connections across our country.
Those connections include the A75, which is a vital connection between Scotland and Northern Ireland.
The Union is strongest when people can see and feel its benefits to their daily life.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that a prosperous Northern Ireland, with a stable, devolved Government, is the surest way to safeguard the Union’s integral place in the United Kingdom?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question, and I absolutely, 100% agree with his sentiment.
It is a real pleasure to see the devolved institutions at Stormont up and running.
You, Mr Speaker, have a new colleague there: the former Speaker was desperate to retire for two years—tributes were paid to Speaker Maskey at the time—but Speaker Poots is now in place.
It has been wonderful, too, to see the new First Minister and Deputy First Minister working together to achieve good solutions, on public services and a whole host of other things, for the people of Northern Ireland.
The Union is best served by devolved institutions working.
I very much welcome everyone’s commitment to that cause.
This morning’s High Court ruling confirms what every fair observer knows: that the Government’s legacy legislation is not compatible with human rights.
It puts the needs of perpetrators ahead of the needs of victims, and it is not supported by any party in Northern Ireland or across the island of Ireland.
The Secretary of State cannot truly believe that it serves the rule of law or our shared future in any constitutional arrangement.
When will the Government repeal that completely unacceptable legislation?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question, but I am afraid that she will have to refer to the answer I gave earlier.
The Court judgment was handed down only earlier this morning; it is a complex case and we have more than 200 pages of judgment to consider.
I do not even believe that the Government KC has gone through the ruling yet in any great detail.
We were not given any notice beforehand of what might be in it, but obviously I pledge that we will consider Mr Justice Colton’s findings carefully.
As I will continue to say, we remain committed to implementing the Northern Ireland Troubles (Legacy and Reconciliation) Act 2023, including delivery of the ICRIR.
The recent “Safeguarding the Union” Command Paper claimed to
“copper-fasten Northern Ireland’s political and constitutional place in the Union,”
yet the British-Irish agreement makes it clear that the agreed position is
“for the people of the island of Ireland alone, by agreement between the two parts respectively and without external impediment, to exercise their right of self-determination”.
How does the Secretary of State square that clear contradiction in the UK Government’s commitments to all the people of Northern Ireland?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
First, getting the devolved institutions in strand 1 of the Belfast/Good Friday agreement running is of vital importance, because it means that the strand 2 institutions can work properly for everyone in all communities, and it also allows the strand 3 institutions to work in a better way, because they can include  representatives such as the First Minister and the Deputy First Minister, and bodies such as the British-Irish Council, so there is a whole host of things involved.
The constitutional status of Northern Ireland obviously requires the consent of a simple majority of its people.
All the provisions of the Belfast/Good Friday agreement still stand.
One thing of great importance to this place is our education system, including the trips that people make to Parliament.