I thank my right hon.
Friend for his answer.
I am certain that everyone in this Chamber will agree, whatever their political standpoint, that we should be able to think, speak and vote without fear or favour, but today I need to ask about the painful subject of dental care in Clacton, which is in crisis.
Our integrated care system has found the money, and a private firm has found the students, to massively increase dental appointments in my patch, but paper-pushers in NHS England keep citing spurious reasons to prevent this groundbreaking initiative from being deployed.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that is scandalous, should be dealt with and those people blocking it held to account?
Our dentistry recovery plan will make dental services faster, simpler and fairer for patients, including in Clacton, and will fund around 2.5 million more appointments.
The matter that my hon.
Friend raises, as he will know, is a local matter, so the integrated care board will determine whether it wishes to support the pilot proposal in Clacton, but I know that the Minister for Public Health, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for South Northamptonshire (Dame Andrea Leadsom)  has written to my hon.
Friend about the proposal, and I hope that her letter addresses his concerns.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
May I join the Prime Minister in his remarks about Lord Cormack and Ronnie Campbell?
Tory MPs spent last week claiming that Britain is run by a shadowy cabal made up of activists, the deep state and, most chillingly of all, the Financial Times.
At what point did his party give up on governing and become the political wing of the Flat Earth Society?
This is another week when the right hon.
and learned Gentleman just snipes from the sidelines, because he has absolutely nothing he can say about what he will do.
We are getting on with delivering on the people’s priorities: the number of small boats is down by a third; NHS performance is improving; inflation is continuing to fall; and while we are delivering a significant tax cut for millions of working Britons, his incoherent energy plans would put taxes up for everyone across the country.
The Prime Minister’s predecessor,  the right hon.
Member for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss) , spent last week in America trying to flog her new book.
In search of fame and wealth, she has taken to slagging off—[Interruption.]
They made her Prime Minister, now they cannot bear talking about her.
In search of fame and wealth, she has taken to slagging off and undermining Britain at every opportunity.
She claimed that, as Prime Minister, she was sabotaged by the deep state.
She also remained silent as Tommy Robinson, that right-wing thug, was described as a hero.
Why is the Prime Minister allowing her to stand as a Tory MP at the next election?
I do not believe that a single Member of this House supports Tommy Robinson, but if the right hon.
and learned Gentleman wants to talk about former leaders and predecessors, the whole country knows his record: he sat there while antisemitism ran rife in his party; and he backed not once but twice a  man who called Hamas “friends”.
To their credit, the shadow Chancellor, the shadow Home Secretary and, indeed, the shadow Foreign Secretary refused to back the former Labour leader, but he did not, because he is spineless, hopeless and utterly shameless.
I have changed my party for the better; the Prime Minister is being changed by his party.
He is letting the right hon.
Member for South West Norfolk stand because he is too weak to do anything about it.
It is the story of his leadership.
When the Tories refuse to accept any blame for the ruin of the past 14 years, one wonders who they think has been running the country all this time.