But just calling for an immediate, full ceasefire now, which collapses back into fighting within days or weeks and does not include the release of hostages, including British ones, is not in anyone’s interests.
We must work towards a permanent ceasefire.
That starts with an immediate humanitarian pause, to get aid in and hostages out.
I agree about the suffering of the people in Gaza; in this country we should be proud of everything we are doing to help them and to provide them with the lifesaving aid they deserve.
I am sure that we are all proud of our open Government, the availability of information and our open data, but with machine learning and artificial intelligence becoming more prevalent, does the Prime Minister agree that now is the time to look at licensing this information where it is to be used for commercial gain and to inform intelligence that will disrupt society and our economy?
I join my hon.
Friend in his passion for AI.
Like him, I am proud of our record at the forefront of the AI revolution, having created one of the world’s first AI safety institutes, established the “State of AI” report and hosted the world’s first ever global AI safety summit.
I will ensure that he meets the relevant Minister to discuss his proposals to ensure that we can harness the opportunities of AI and protect ourselves against the risk that it poses.
Plaid Cymru has signed Full Fact’s pledge for an honest general election campaign.
One of Full Fact’s four asks is to renounce deceptive campaigning tactics.
There is evidence of egregious, misleading campaigning in Wales and elsewhere by the Conservatives in recent weeks.
We all have a responsibility to campaign honestly, because the alternative is to be complicit in dismantling democracy.
Therefore, will the Prime Minister sign Full Fact’s pledge for an honest election?
I was pleased to be in Wales just last week, and these are the facts on the ground: the Labour-run Welsh NHS is performing the worst in the  United Kingdom; small Welsh businesses, including pubs and restaurants, are facing a crippling rise in their business rates; and Welsh farmers are being decimated by the plans of the Welsh Labour Government.
Those are the facts in Wales and we will continue to point them out at every opportunity.
There are 4,000 patients in Carshalton and Wallington facing uncertainty after landlords pulled out of discussions the day before their GP practice’s lease expired and then issued notice that it was trespassing.
The local integrated care board has issued a very weak statement, and the local Liberal Democrat-run council is refusing to meet the practice and me.
Those 4,000 patients are now unsure whether they will have a surgery to go to.
Can the Prime Minister assure me that when such decisions are taken by landlords, there is appropriate infrastructure in place to support NHS patients before they are cast out to try to find somewhere else to go?
As my hon.
Friend will know, GP leases are commercial agreements between landlords and tenants, but he is right that everything that can be done should be done to ensure that GP surgeries do not have to close.
That is why, in March last year, we commissioned a review into legislation governing these leases.
The review will create a new framework that will make leasing to tenants, such as GP surgeries and other groups, easier and more accessible.
But I know that his local residents will want this to be sorted as soon as possible, in order to take advantage of the extra appointments that we are creating so that people can get access to the primary care they need.
One of the few good things to come out of Wednesday’s stramash last week was that the House united around a call for an immediate ceasefire.
Now, I welcome that—that is progress.