I welcome the hon.
Gentleman’s support for the freeport.
We are taking advantage of our Brexit opportunities to deliver two freeports in Scotland to attract jobs and investment in the industries of the future.
With regard to infrastructure investment, not only do we provide the tax benefits for a freeport but £25 million of seed funding is available to the freeport, in discussions with the Government, that can be used on local infrastructure improvements that make sense to develop the opportunities that the freeport provides.
The AUKUS programme is not just a national endeavour designed to keep our nation safe; it is also an international partnership that speaks about our ambitious work across the globe to pursue security and contain threats.
I want to personally thank the Prime Minister for his engagement with the Team Barrow initiative, which is bringing together senior civil servants, my council, BAE Systems and myself to drive this programme forward to make sure we can deliver those boats to time and to budget.
That means improving and investing in the local area considerably.
With that in mind, may I invite the Prime Minister to Barrow to meet not just the fantastic people building the boats of the future but to see how the programme is going to uplift Furness for the future?
At a time of great instability around the world, with the war in Ukraine and in the Red sea, my hon.
Friend is absolutely right to say that AUKUS is a game-changing defence and security partnership that will keep us safe and create thousands of jobs in the UK shipyards and the supply chain, building on the investment in places such as Barrow and Derby.
He is a fantastic champion of what this industry means in his area, and the Team Barrow partnership is a crucial component of ensuring that AUKUS is a success.
That is why the Chancellor provided millions of pounds of funding for a delivery board for Barrow.
We have recently discussed this at Cabinet and I look forward to visiting my hon.
Friend and his community to see the progress for myself when my diary allows.
Last weekend, the Prime Minister posed for photographs with a group that shares extremist conspiracy theories on climate change and campaigns against net zero.
Does he share their views?
That is no way to talk about the Welsh farming community.
My integrated care board tells me that only £2 million of the £120 million of capital that it receives annually is for primary care, which seems an unfairly  small amount for our amazing family doctors and practice nurses who are, after all, the front door of  the NHS.
Can our local general practitioners have a greater share?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his excellent and continued campaigning on health provision for his constituents.
On his specific point, integrated care boards have the power to increase their primary care annual capital management budget, so long as they keep within the overall budget.
I understand that he met a Health Minister earlier this week to discuss this further, and I will make sure that his proposals are very carefully considered.
The Prime Minister has just told my right hon.
Friend  the Member for North Durham (Mr Jones)  that, as a Minister, it is inappropriate for him to comment on the bullying allegations at the Post Office, yet he allows his Business and Trade Secretary to comment freely, loudly and often on Twitter.
Is he content with her activities and behaviour in this respect?
The Business and Trade Secretary set out her position explicitly and clearly in the House last week.
Since then, and despite some of the claims made by the party opposite, the Department’s permanent secretary has completely refuted the claims that were made.
Yesterday, the Post Office’s current CEO and the Department’s director of business resilience also refuted Mr Staunton’s recollection.