Friend one example, the reason I was in Northern Ireland last night with Retail NI was to promote the Department for Business and Trade’s terrific offering in Northern Ireland, which includes a trade and investment hub that covers the UK Export Academy and the export support service.
There are now 16 DBT export champions, which includes in-person support.
If anyone wishes to learn greater detail, I recommend that they go to the great.gov.uk website.
Will the Minister liaise with the relevant Departments in Northern Ireland to maximise the benefits of promoting and developing the only enterprise zone in Northern Ireland, which is in my constituency, as are excellent broadband facilities—the best in these islands?
That way, we can promote our economy, bring inward investment and create prosperity.
The hon.
Gentleman makes a great case for his constituency, and I would certainly like to see terrific levels of investment into it.
However, I would like us to go further: I would like to see that investment zone reach right across the whole of Northern Ireland.
I hope and expect that together, the UK Government and the restored Executive will make the most of that opportunity.
Why do the UK Government think it is good thing for Northern Ireland to have access to parts of the EU single market, but not for other parts of the United Kingdom to have such access, particularly those parts of the United Kingdom that voted to remain in the EU and the single market?
I am most grateful to the hon.
Member for his question, but he will know two things.
First, the word “access” is somewhat contested.
I would encourage him to go and look at the figures for trade between the United Kingdom and the EU, and satisfy himself of the effect of our leaving the European Union.
Secondly, in all seriousness, we should all reflect carefully on the status and circumstances, not only of geography but of history, of Northern Ireland.
It is because of the unique status of Northern Ireland that we have been able to agree unique arrangements, and I do not imagine the European Union would have agreed those unique arrangements for any other territory.
I call the shadow Minister.
According to a Northern Ireland Affairs Committee report, Northern Ireland received proportionately less than Scotland, Wales and England in the first round of levelling-up funding.
In the latest round of funding in November, not a penny was allocated to Northern Ireland, and the Government said this was because the Executive were not sitting.
Is there good news for the people of Northern Ireland today?
Now that power sharing has been restored, will the Secretary of State update the House on any discussions he has had about ensuing that a fair share of levelling-up funding goes to Northern Ireland?
The hon.
Lady raises a very important point, and I will be glad to continue such conversations with the Executive.
As she knows, we have made available a generous package of £3.3 billion overall.
We are having conversations on the detail of those areas of funding that have been repurposed, and those conversations will continue.
When we can update the House in fuller detail, we will of course be glad to do so.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the proposed east-west business council.
The Government are working to establish an east-west business council, as set out in the Command Paper, fulfilling our pledge to establish a unique forum—for key representatives across the United Kingdom from Government, business and the education sector—to identify opportunities for deepening connections between Northern Ireland and the rest of the UK in important areas such as trade, transport, education and culture.
I shall be in regular contact with other Ministers across Government to ensure the timely delivery of this commitment.
I thank the Minister for his answer.