My officials are clear that they have never been instructed to do this.
Post Office executives are clear that such an instruction was never passed on to them.
We have provided a letter from June 2023 from my Department to Mr Staunton telling him the opposite.
His only evidence is a note of a conversation which is clearly about operational financing of the Post Office business; this is entirely different from compensation to sub- postmasters.
The permanent secretary wrote recently to give her truthful account of what happened.
We also released her office’s contemporaneous notes of that meeting.
Mr Staunton alleged that the Secretary of State refused to apologise to him after he learned of his dismissal from Sky News; this was not the case.
He claimed there was pressure on Nick Read to send a letter to the Justice Secretary; this was not the case.
He claimed the Secretary of State told him that someone has got to take the rap for the Horizon scandal and that was the reason for his dismissal; this was not the case.
The Post Office faces unprecedented challenges and needs to work at pace to deliver compensation to the thousands of postmasters who fell victim to a flawed  IT system as well as continue the essential work to implement the necessary operational and cultural changes needed within the business.
As we have repeatedly said, Post Office governance is a priority for the Government; that is why we acted swiftly to remove a chair about whom there were serious concerns and allegations and why we are working at pace to appoint an interim chair.
We of course recognise the seriousness of an investigation into individuals at the Post Office.
I also recognise parliamentary and public concern and the need to ensure there is confidence in the Post Office leadership.
I will therefore ask the Post Office to provide me with the findings of the investigation once it is completed.
However, it is right to wait for this investigation to conclude before making any further judgment.
I am really disappointed that the Secretary of State herself is not here, but I thank the Minister  the hon.
Member for Thirsk and Malton (Kevin Hollinrake)  for everything he does for post offices and am happy to work with him going forward.
Prominent Horizon victims are still saying financial redress is far too slow.
Legal representatives of victims said yesterday that redress schemes are not working for victims—too much “lawyering” going on, too much obfuscation.
Lawyers say complete claims might have settled for less than they were entitled to and might need to be revisited.
Neil Hudgell suggested that August deadline target will not be met and the current compensation impasse could continue for another one or two years.
Henry Staunton’s claims persist.
Why has the Prime Minister refused to back up the Secretary of State, refusing to repeat the claim that Staunton lied?
This is the third time we have been here to find out about the circumstances of Mr Staunton’s departure.
The last time the Secretary of State mentioned investigations into Staunton but failed to reveal an 80-page investigation into current CEO Nick Read.
With all we have seen about the Secretary of State’s past assurances being undermined, how can we trust her firm assurances now?
Does the Secretary of State have faith in the Post Office board, which is clearly in total disarray?
There were even claims that the chief executive officer, Nick Read, had threatened to resign over pay.
Victims and the public have lost faith in the Post Office board and governance.
When more than £1.2 billion of public money is being spent on financial redress, the taxpayer ought to have confidence that costs will not be driven up further by mismanagement.
The evidence from yesterday’s Business and Trade Committee shows that the public and victims have no reason to be confident, as incompetence and obfuscation has marred the process until now.