Member for South West Norfolk stand because he is too weak to do anything about it.
It is the story of his leadership.
When the Tories refuse to accept any blame for the ruin of the past 14 years, one wonders who they think has been running the country all this time.
Thankfully, the former Prime Minister is on hand again to help: it turns out that it is all the fault of the media, the corporate world and—bizarrely—the President of the United States.
Winston Churchill once said:
“The price of greatness is responsibility.”
Now, the British public are not expecting greatness from this Prime Minister, just a bit of accountability.
Does he not think it would be great if, just for once, the Tories took some responsibility?
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman talks about leadership, and about change, but when I learnt of something that I did not agree with, I suspended one of my MPs straightaway.
When he learnt of vile antisemitic remarks made by a Labour candidate, what did he do?
He instructed his team to defend him, he sent a shadow Cabinet Minister to campaign for him, and he personally backed him for days.
That is the difference between us: I act on my principles; he has not got any.
I cannot believe the Prime Minister said that with a straight face.
The former Prime Minister continued on her American odyssey—this journey into the wild west of her mind—and claimed that Nigel Farage is the man to restore the Tory party.
Will the Prime Minister confirm whether he, too, would welcome Mr Farage back into the Tory fold?
In our party, we have a proud tradition of diversity and accepting everyone from every background—indeed, it is a proud record that puts Labour to shame.
This is the party that delivered the first Jewish Prime Minister, the first female Prime Minister, the first black Chancellor and the first Muslim Home Secretary, and it is now led by the first British-Asian Prime Minister.
While it seems that the right hon.
and learned Gentleman can only champion men from north London, it is the Conservatives who represent modern Britain.
So this diverse Tory party does welcome Nigel Farage.
Two months ago, the Prime Minister said that
“the Tory party is a broad church.
I welcome lots of people who want to subscribe to our ideals, to our values.”
That is the same Nigel Farage who said he agreed with the basic premise of Enoch Powell’s “Rivers of blood” speech and bemoaned the influence of the Jewish lobby.
Is the Prime Minister simply too scared to stand up to the gaggle of Tory MPs who moonlight as GB News presenters, or does he genuinely think that Nigel Farage shares the ideals and values of the Tory party?
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman wants to talk about values, but tomorrow in Rochdale the people will have a choice of three former Labour candidates, two of whom are antisemites.
The truth is, his party is so mired in hate that despite three ex-Labour candidates standing, he cannot back a single one of them.
We expel antisemites—he makes them Labour candidates.
The truth is that these are no longer the Tories your parents voted for, and the public can see it.
The Prime Minister has lost control of his party to the hordes of redcoats and malcontents.
The tin-foil hat brigade on his Benches and the extremists who wrecked the economy are all lining up to undermine him, humiliate him and eventually get rid of him.
When will he ever stand up to them and end the pathetic spectacle of a Tory party that used to try to beat Nigel Farage now giving up and dancing to his tune instead?
That is utterly shameless from someone who stood by while antisemitism ran rife in his party, oversaw the appalling situation in Rochdale and twice backed  the right hon.