Friend has a passion to get this right, and to right the wrongs of the past.
Does he agree that we must do all  that we can to ensure that sub-postmasters who were victims of the awful Horizon scandal are exonerated, and compensated fully, fairly and with haste?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his work on this issue as one of my predecessors; I know that he was as keen as I am to ensure that full and fair compensation is paid to all individuals.
As I said, there is no limit to the amount of compensation that we will set aside to ensure that people are compensated properly for this horrendous scandal.
In the week that we heard that more than 250 postmasters whose lives and reputations were damaged by Post Office Ltd died before they could get justice, yesterday we found another layer of Post Office Ltd’s organisational dysfunction.
On  19 February , the Secretary of State informed the House of bullying accusations against Mr Staunton, only for us to find out yesterday that those accusations related to another individual entirely.
Could I first ask the Minister, for whom I have the greatest respect—not just for the manner in which he goes about his business with regard to the Horizon scandal—whether the Secretary of State misled the House by telling Members that Mr Staunton was under wider investigation for bullying?
Secondly, will the Minister now respond positively to requests from the Scottish Government and the Northern Irish Executive to reconsider introducing legislation that could lead to a swift UK-wide exoneration for the postmasters affected?
To be clear, we terminated Mr Staunton’s role as chair of the Post Office not because of bullying accusations.
There was an 80-page report, which he referred to yesterday, and which I have not read.
He freely admitted in yesterday’s evidence session that he was named in that report.
To what extent, I do not—[Interruption.]
Well, that is what Mr Staunton said; he said that it was to a very minor extent.
I do not know that, I do not think the hon.
Gentleman knows that, and I think we should wait for the investigation to conclude before we make a judgment on that.
The point was not about the allegation itself; the point was that, as Mr Staunton admitted yesterday, he interfered with the investigation.
That is unacceptable, and if we had not acted in the way that we did, I think that the hon.
Gentleman and others would be calling us to account for why we did not act when somebody had tried to suspend or interfere with an investigation into his own conduct.
I am aware of the Scottish and Northern Irish Governments’ position on legislation.
Of course we will continue to discuss that with them.
There are some separate devolved issues around the judicial systems in Scotland and Northern Ireland.
That is the reason we have done it differently.
We are happy to continue our dialogue on it.
From my time as a Parliamentary Private Secretary in the Department, I know the determination of the Minister and the Secretary of State to get compensation to these wronged postmasters as quickly as possible.
In yesterday’s Select Committee session, Mr Staunton spoke about  lobbying for a pay rise for Mr Read, which I know must have been quite galling to many of the sub-postmasters.
The Minister reportedly refused to grant that pay rise.
What sort of pay rise did Mr Staunton think would be a fair, equitable agreement at that time?
I think on two occasions Mr Staunton lobbied for a pay increase for Mr Read.
He sought to double the overall package of Mr Read on those occasions.
Yesterday’s Committee meeting was bizarre in many ways.
It was five hours long and, as happens only rarely, the people in front of the inquiry had to swear on the Holy Bible.
That is how bad it was.