Victims and the public have lost faith in the Post Office board and governance.
When more than £1.2 billion of public money is being spent on financial redress, the taxpayer ought to have confidence that costs will not be driven up further by mismanagement.
The evidence from yesterday’s Business and Trade Committee shows that the public and victims have no reason to be confident, as incompetence and obfuscation has marred the process until now.
Sub-postmasters say that redress schemes are not working.
Victims agree.
The lawyers say that they are not working and the former chair of the Post Office says that they are not working.
Why should we trust the Government, and what will the Minister do to fix this?
I should say that the Secretary of State is abroad at a World Trade Organisation conference.
I thank the hon.
Lady once again from this Dispatch Box for all that she does on behalf of postmasters.
Interestingly, in his evidence yesterday, Mr Staunton said that he had no concerns over the speed of compensation, which I think astounded both the hon.
Lady and me.
We have been fighting for years to try to  improve the speed of compensation.
That is just one more concern that people might have with Mr Staunton’s evidence, but it was clearly stated in one of his responses.
It is right that we constantly seek to improve the speed of compensation and to make sure that it is full and fair and is seen to be so.
One reason that I spent all day listening to the evidence yesterday was to make sure that we are doing everything possible to accelerate compensation.
I heard some interesting conversations in the evidence session, including ideas from Mr Hudgell and others on how we can accelerate compensation, which we are very keen to do.
The hon.
Lady will know that the latest figures were quoted yesterday at the Select Committee hearing.
On the group litigation order scheme, for example, 106 full claims have been submitted, 104 offers have been made, and 80 have been accepted without reference to the independent panel, which would tend to indicate that the offers being made are fair.
The hon.
Lady will also recognise from the announcements that we made on Monday during the statement that we have introduced a £450,000 interim compensation figure for when people submit their full claim for the overturned convictions.
When an offer is made, we will provide 80% of that initial offer to claimants in the GLO scheme.
Interestingly, Henry Staunton seemed to think that the biggest concern with the compensation schemes was around the overturned convictions—he clearly said that yesterday—when the hon.
Lady and every Member of this House knows that we announced legislation on Monday, and previously, that will overturn the convictions en masse, which is unprecedented.
Obviously, that is the key to unlocking compensation.
For all those reasons, we should not take Henry Staunton’s evidence at face value.
Mr Staunton continues to insist that he was told to delay compensation for the postmasters, but at the Select Committee hearing yesterday he said that, unlike his own notes, the published notes of the meeting with Sarah Munby were not contemporaneous.
Can the Minister undertake to provide a contemporaneous note of that conversation to put this accusation to bed once and  for all?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question and for her work on the Select Committee.
It is one thing to criticise Ministers, but entirely another to sully the good name of a civil servant.
Sarah Munby has been very clear in her letter that she published on this matter that Mr Staunton is wrong.
She has also been very clear that she has contemporaneous notes of that meeting, and we will be publishing those notes that will clarify and back up the fact that Henry Staunton is wrong and that Sarah Munby is right.
I call the shadow Minister.