The constitutional status of Northern Ireland obviously requires the consent of a simple majority of its people.
All the provisions of the Belfast/Good Friday agreement still stand.
One thing of great importance to this place is our education system, including the trips that people make to Parliament.
We want to safeguard the Union, so what steps are being taken to ensure that students in Northern Ireland have equal access to educational tours of Westminster?
Bearing in mind that students in Northern Ireland should have the same access to them as those in England, but that the cost of flying over can be prohibitive, will consideration be given to additional funding to allow some sort of subsidisation?
Northern Ireland, being across the Irish sea, is in a geographic location that makes travel difficult to other areas of the United Kingdom.
I understand the hon.
Gentleman’s keenness to help Northern Ireland students benefit from learning across the Union.
We put in place a £3.3 billion financial package for the incoming Executive that helps us to achieve some of those objectives by providing support for Northern Ireland, given its unique challenges.
However, if he has individual cases in mind, I would be interested to hear about them, and will consider what we might do in future.
I call the leader of the DUP.
Further to the question from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon) , will the Secretary of State join me in welcoming the fact that the new UK East-West Council will have its first meeting next month in Belfast?
One of its key objectives is to encourage greater educational co-operation across the United Kingdom, as well as binding Northern Ireland more closely into the wider economy and the UK internal market.
I am happy to join the right hon.
Gentleman in welcoming the new East-West Council and its situation, and I also look forward to seeing the North South Ministerial Council functioning.
The UK East-West Council will bring together a wealth of experience and knowledge from representatives of the United Kingdom Government, the devolved Administrations, business and the culture sector, and educational leaders.
We are committed to getting it working in March and doing good things.
The Secretary of State referred earlier to the financial package that the Treasury has put in place to support our public services in Northern Ireland, but our commitments on public sector pay mean that there remains a significant gap in the next two financial years.
Will he work with us to seek further support from the Treasury, so that we can ensure that the Executive lives within its budget and that we can pay our public sector workers a decent wage for the vital work they do?
Again, I pay tribute to the right hon.
Gentleman for all his work to ensure that the devolved institutions—the Executive and Stormont—can come back together.
He has achieved an amazingly good, historic piece of work.
It is good to see the Executive back up and running, making choices and opening negotiations with the unions to get the public sector in Northern Ireland back on track, on pay and work.
I believe that there is a meeting today between the Finance Minister and the Chief Secretary to the Treasury.
I will always happily work with the right hon.
Gentleman on all those agendas.
What steps his Department is taking to help grow the Northern Ireland economy.
What steps his Department is taking to help grow the Northern Ireland economy.
What steps his Department is taking to help grow the Northern Ireland economy.
The Government are committed to the economic growth of Northern Ireland, working closely with other UK Departments, the newly formed Executive and NI businesses.