Clearly, once convictions are overturned anywhere in the United Kingdom, people enter exactly the same compensation scheme—they can get rapid compensation through the fixed-sum award of £600,000, or go through the full assessment process.
We are determined to make the process quicker, easier and fairer.
I am happy to work with the hon.
Gentleman to ensure that that is the case.
I thank the Minister for his work on the Horizon scandal, and for answering my letter concerning a constituent.
In that answer, he confirmed that former post office clerks and those working for a franchise who lost money, jobs and reputation through the Horizon scandal are not eligible for compensation under the current scheme.
Will he look into ways to include them in a compensation scheme?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question and for representing her constituents so effectively.
I am keen to have continued conversation with her.
All the schemes that have been established thus far require a contractual relationship between the Post Office and the individual, and I know that was not the case for her constituent.
A number of Members of this House have addressed the issue, and we will continue to look at it.
Whether we are talking about my constituent Roger, a former postmaster whose case certainly needs review, constituents in communities such as Clarkston and Neilston, who have experienced the most recent post office closures in East Renfrewshire, or the brilliant postmasters operating locally, none of them deserves this mess.
This is turning into a regrettable circus to all looking in from the outside.
What assurances can the Minister give me today that that will not be allowed to divert or distract from a genuine focus on the swiftest possible resolution, and on delivering a sustainable future for the Post Office?
I thank the hon.
Lady for making that point and for representing her constituents so well.
Yes, absolutely, we understand that this is distracting, or could distract, from work to ensure not just that we  make right the wrongs of the past, but that the Post Office has a strong future, as she put it.
I totally agree.
We think that the Post Office does have a strong future.
Revenue streams have been affected by changes in how and where people acquire certain things or access certain services, but the banking framework—we encourage the Post Office to be more ambitious in its negotiations with the banks on the remuneration that flows from the framework to postmasters—and the parcel hubs are an opportunity for the future.
We believe that the Post Office has a strong brand and strong future.
We are keen to support its efforts to ensure that the future is bright for all postmasters.
I declare my interest as a member of the Horizon advisory board.
Welcome back to the Minister.
He should bring in his sleeping bag—he is here that often.
I was at the five-hour marathon yesterday, and I was totally unconvinced by Henry Staunton’s accusations, and his allegations about delaying compensation.
Like  the hon.
Member for Christchurch (Sir Christopher Chope) , I wonder why Mr Staunton was appointed in the first place—to any board, for that matter.
However, to come to the point, Mr Staunton did raise the point that the chief executive is under investigation, following an 80-page report.
I accept that the Minister cannot talk about that individual—that would be wrong—but he knows that the culture at the Post Office is rotten, and it is important that the cloud be lifted quickly.
When the Secretary of State came to the House on  19 February , did she and the Minister know that Nick Read was under investigation?
Is it true that the former HR director who wrote that report has left the Post Office with a settlement, and does that settlement include a non-disclosure agreement?