The tin-foil hat brigade on his Benches and the extremists who wrecked the economy are all lining up to undermine him, humiliate him and eventually get rid of him.
When will he ever stand up to them and end the pathetic spectacle of a Tory party that used to try to beat Nigel Farage now giving up and dancing to his tune instead?
That is utterly shameless from someone who stood by while antisemitism ran rife in his party, oversaw the appalling situation in Rochdale and twice backed  the right hon.
Member for Islington North (Jeremy Corbyn) .
In the last few weeks, we have seen Members of Parliament’s homes surrounded, their events disrupted and council meetings threatened.
Just last week, we saw the very rules that govern this place abused because of intimidation.
While the right hon.
and learned Gentleman might want to bend to mob rule, we will face down the extremists and stand up for British values.
Two years ago last Saturday, Russian forces launched their heinous attack on Ukraine.
The response of the British Government and the British people has been magnificent.
I pay tribute to all those who have done so much, not least in my own constituency of Bracknell, where Ukrainian people have been so warmly welcomed.
We must never bow to tyranny, so could the Prime Minister please assure the House that our support for Ukraine and all our NATO allies will continue to be unwavering?
I join my hon.
Friend in thanking people up and down the country, including the people of Bracknell, for welcoming Ukrainian families into their homes and communities.
During my visit to Ukraine in January I announced a major new package of support, including £2.5 billion of military assistance.
Last week, we announced 50 new sanctions that target individuals and businesses that are sustaining Putin’s illegal war machine.
Our support to Ukraine will never waver.
I call the Scottish National party leader.
Some 30,000 people dead; 70,000 injured; 1.5 million sheltering in Rafah; 300,000 living in feral conditions in northern Gaza; and, of course, 100 hostages still tragically held by Hamas.
The horror of those numbers demands that this House have its say, just as it shows that this House should demand an immediate ceasefire.
President Biden has indicated that the ceasefire may take place from Monday.
Does the Prime Minister share his confidence?
We have consistently called for an immediate humanitarian pause, which would allow for the safe release of hostages—including British nationals—and more aid to Gaza.
We welcome progress on a deal.
As the hon.
Gentleman said, there has been progress, and we urge everyone on all sides to seize the opportunity.
I have been clear that we must seize the momentum from this terrible tragedy to find a lasting resolution to this conflict that delivers on the promise of a two-state solution, and ensures that Israelis and Palestinians can live in dignity and security.
We are approaching five months since this conflict began.
In that time, this House has equivocated and, on three occasions at the United Nations, this Government have abstained when they could have voted for a ceasefire.
Abstentionism is not leadership.
Should this matter now come before the United Nations, with a ceasefire potentially in sight, will the Prime Minister use his Government’s vote to deliver that ceasefire?
We support the United States’ draft resolution that was discussed with colleagues at the United Nations last week.
But just calling for an immediate, full ceasefire now, which collapses back into fighting within days or weeks and does not include the release of hostages, including British ones, is not in anyone’s interests.
We must work towards a permanent ceasefire.
That starts with an immediate humanitarian pause, to get aid in and hostages out.