Yesterday’s Committee meeting was bizarre in many ways.
It was five hours long and, as happens only rarely, the people in front of the inquiry had to swear on the Holy Bible.
That is how bad it was.
The recently dismissed former chairman revealed a number of things that were quite alarming.
First, he revealed that the current chief executive is under investigation.
Perhaps the Minister can explain why we were not aware of that.
Secondly, he revealed that the current chief executive had threatened to resign on more than four occasions, not because of the lack of progress on any financial redress for postmasters and postmistresses, but because he said his wages were too low.
The chief executive also said that he was proud that he had a hardship fund for workers in the Post Office.
Can the Minister clarify whether there has been an approach by anyone on behalf of the current chief executive for a pay rise, and what the response was?
First, may I correct the record?
In response to the Chair of the Business and Trade Committee,  the right hon.
Member for Birmingham, Hodge Hill (Liam Byrne) , I said that the fixed sum award was £650,000; it is £600,000.
It would be wrong to disclose an investigation into somebody’s conduct before that investigation had concluded.
It would be extraordinary to do that in any work context, be it in the public or private sector.
I am happy to have a conversation with  the hon.
Member for Wansbeck (Ian Lavery)  about the hardship fund.
If he is talking about the Post Office paying salaries to postmasters, most postmasters are self-employed, not paid a salary directly, and have a number of different streams of income into their business.
These are businesses in their own right, of course, but there is a hardship fund for certain postmasters in certain situations.
I echo the comments about the Minister and his assiduous work on this issue, both as a Back Bencher and now as the Minister.
Does he agree that perhaps it is necessary to look at how many people are working on the compensation scheme on the Post Office’s side?
I have raised the matter with him before.
A lot of it is expert work, but if anything can be done to build the resource, that would be helpful, particularly for my constituent, whom we have discussed before.
On disciplinary and grievance procedures, is it not normal that they are private until the point when a decision is made?
On the last point, my right hon.
and learned Friend is absolutely right; he clearly understands these situations very well.
They should of course be kept confidential, which is why it was highly unprofessional of Mr Staunton to say what he said yesterday.
On my right hon.
and learned Friend’s first point—I cannot remember what it was now.
Resource—getting more lawyers in.
We are absolutely committed to ensuring that we have the resources available to settle compensation claims quickly.
Certainly, a file note that I took away from yesterday’s session was about the number of individuals looking after compensation from Addleshaw Goddard’s end, although it is turning around the offers increasingly quickly.
Responses to full claims now happen within 40 days in 85% of cases.
There has been an improvement.
We are keen to ensure that every part of the process has the resources it needs to pay the compensation fairly and quickly.
Surely what we saw yesterday was a glimpse of senior management in the Post Office who are now completely dysfunctional.
As such, it is difficult to see how anyone can have confidence in their administration of the various compensation schemes.
Would it not be a sensible first step to restore confidence in that most important national institution—the Post Office—to take all role for them out of the administration of the compensation schemes and appoint an independent commissioner?