Surely what we saw yesterday was a glimpse of senior management in the Post Office who are now completely dysfunctional.
As such, it is difficult to see how anyone can have confidence in their administration of the various compensation schemes.
Would it not be a sensible first step to restore confidence in that most important national institution—the Post Office—to take all role for them out of the administration of the compensation schemes and appoint an independent commissioner?
Nothing starts to get better for the Post Office until the schemes are successfully delivered and wound up.
I think what we actually heard and saw was a dysfunctional former chair of the Post Office; that is what we saw.
Interestingly, to the right hon.
Gentleman’s point about compensation schemes, the former chair said at one point during his evidence that he had no concerns about the speed of delivery of the HSS—which was extraordinary, because I have many concerns about it.
I hear loud and clear calls from across the House about the role that the Post Office is playing in compensation schemes.
These are sensitive matters, because people in the Post Office are employed to manage and administer the compensation schemes.
I hear the point made by  the right hon.
Member for Orkney and Shetland (Mr Carmichael)  loud and clear.
We are looking at it, but I reassure him that all three schemes have independence in them: an independent panel in the HSS; an independent panel and a reviewer, Sir Ross Cranston, on the GLO scheme; and the independence on the overturned convictions in Sir Gary Hickinbottom.
Both latter people are retired High Court judges, which should give claimants and the right hon.
Gentleman, I hope, some confidence that the schemes will operate properly.
My hon.
Friend the Minister has referred to Mr Staunton, who it seems had serious character defects.
How was he ever appointed in the first place, and who provided the character references and oversaw that appointment process?
May we have an inquiry into that?
Thankfully, not me.
I have nothing against Mr Staunton personally.
He had a strong track record as the chair of various large organisations, as  he said yesterday.
I think we would all agree that the Post Office is a specific organisation with specific challenges.
Yesterday’s evidence from Ben Tidswell, the senior independent director, was interesting.
He felt that Mr Staunton’s behaviour changed in November last year and became far more “erratic”—his word.
I do  not know the reasons for that specifically, although   Mr Tidswell suggested some yesterday.
Whatever the reason, Mr Staunton’s recent conduct is not consistent with remaining chair of the Post Office.
That is why we decided to act.
I thank the Minister for his work in this area.
He has been assiduous in his attention to detail—I cannot say the same of the Secretary of State.
Nevertheless, yesterday was unedifying, and we are sick to death of the “He said, she said” business—we are not interested, except that two witnesses yesterday took the oath and spoke to the same issue: as to whether Mr Read had ever tendered his resignation or threatened to.
It was totally conflicting evidence from the two people; they both cannot be right, so I suggest that one might have been a little economical with the truth.
From Dr Neil Hudgell, though, the message came loud and clear: these schemes are way too “over-engineered” and far too “bureaucratic”, and that has led to the delay in getting the money out of the door.
I have to correct the Minister—only 20% of the fund is out of the door as yet.
We have to speed it up.
Finally, I ask him to take on board the words of the predecessor Select Committee, the Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy Committee, in February 2022, which said that the best way through this was to remove the Post Office from the system.