Neither do I think the hon.
Lady is right to say that postmasters are further away from getting compensation;  it is quite the opposite.
To imply that and so raise questions about the compensation scheme could lead to people not coming forward.
We welcome the fact that 1,000 more people have come forward since the ITV series.
People are closer to compensation, not further away, and the actions we are taking, through the compensation advisory board, the overturning of convictions, the Horizon shortfall scheme, which is nearly completed, and the GLO scheme are all moving on.
If she wants to end the, “He said, she said”, perhaps she should end it, because we want to move on and pay compensation.
As for the figure of £1 billion, is the hon.
Lady saying it is serious if we have no cap on compensation?
I do not think that is serious at all; of course we have no cap on compensation.
The £1 billion is a maximum budget, but if that needs to be increased, it should be.
If she is saying that we should not increase it if people deserve more, she should put that on the record.
It would be an entirely irresponsible thing to do.
Every time I have dealt with this matter over the Dispatch Box with shadow Ministers, it has been constructive and collaborative, and I resent the tone she has taken in this case.
Let me say, in fairness to the Minister, that he has come here on more occasions than anybody else I have known.
He has absolutely ensured that the House has been kept informed—he goes without question on this.
I commend the Minister, not only for the consistent and compassionate approach he has taken to this matter, but for his attendance at yesterday’s session.
It lasted for five hours and he was there for the greater part of it.
He is right to say that much of what we heard yesterday was a real distraction from the key objective of the Government and the Committee of making sure there is speedy compensation for our postmasters.
It was clear that the former chairman and possibly the chief executive exhibited limitations in their roles and were perhaps unsuitable for the roles to which they were appointed, so are there any broader lessons we might deduce on how we go about recruitment for publicly owned organisations such as the Post Office?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question and for his work on the Select Committee.
He is a doughty champion in this area and many others relating to the Committee’s work.
There are some lessons we need to learn; the Post Office certainly requires the right kind of skills and the right kind of person to turn it around.
That is clearly a work in progress and I do not think people will be confident that that is happening until it has actually happened.
Words are no longer enough; we need actions, be it on the turnaround of the Post Office or on the compensation schemes.
I call the Chairman of the Select Committee.
I am grateful to the Minister for joining us for most of the five hours of hearings yesterday, but he will know as well as I do that what we saw yesterday was complete chaos at the top of the Post Office, when what we needed was a clarity of purpose about paying redress fast and fairly.
Not a single witness yesterday said that   they were satisfied with the speed of any one of the three processes.
In fact, the lawyers for the claimants said that it may now take one to two years in order to complete the payment of redress, and we heard evidence of offers being made that were, frankly, insultingly low.
That is true across each of the three schemes.