The Business and Trade Secretary set out her position explicitly and clearly in the House last week.
Since then, and despite some of the claims made by the party opposite, the Department’s permanent secretary has completely refuted the claims that were made.
Yesterday, the Post Office’s current CEO and the Department’s director of business resilience also refuted Mr Staunton’s recollection.
Our focus and priority is delivering justice and compensation for those who suffered a historic injustice.
We are introducing legislation to right this wrong, and we will make sure that everyone gets the compensation they deserve.
The £132 million allocated to Cornwall from the shared prosperity fund not only kept our promise to the Cornish people to replace EU funding, but has supported dozens of businesses and funded projects across the duchy.
However, the current round of SPF expires next year, so can the Prime Minister confirm that his Government will continue the shared prosperity funding and will continue to provide the support that the Cornish economy needs?
It was great to visit my hon.
Friend in his constituency the other week to see the delights of Cornwall.
I wish everyone a happy St Piran’s day for next week.
Cornwall has been awarded over £130 million through the UK shared prosperity fund to deliver, I think, a hundred different projects across the county.
Funding is confirmed for this spending review period up to the end of March 2025 but, as with all Government funding, decisions regarding the fund’s future are a matter for the next spending review.
I assure my hon.
Friend that we remain committed to an ambitious levelling-up agenda in Cornwall and across the country.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Business and Trade if she will make a statement on what steps are being taken to restore public confidence in the Post Office board and governance following evidence taken at yesterday’s Business and Trade Committee.
I sat there for five hours listening to all the evidence that was given to the Select Committee yesterday.
Several serious allegations have now been made against the Government, my Department and its officials by Henry Staunton.
His most recent revelation is that there is an ongoing HR investigation that involves both him and the Post Office CEO Nick Read.
I have to say as a former chair that I clearly  found that statement to the Select Committee highly unprofessional.
The fact that Nick Read is being investigated is evidence that no one is untouchable and the Post Office culture is changing.
An investigation is of course not evidence that allegations are accurate.
While Nick Read has co-operated fully, Mr Staunton tried to block the investigations looking at his conduct.
It was this action, as well as his attempt to bypass the formal process to appoint a new director to the board, which led the Secretary of State to lose confidence in Mr Staunton.
As was said in the Business and Trade Committee yesterday, board members felt so strongly about Mr Staunton’s conduct that they were going to resign.
It was right that the Government decided to act.
Mr Staunton has now made a series of allegations which we strongly reject.
He is using the Nick Read investigation to divert attention from the issues the Select Committee was discussing about his dismissal.
The allegations made are also proving to be a further distraction from the victims of this injustice.
His central allegation is that the Government told him to slow down compensation payments.
Not a single person backed him up on this claim.
My officials are clear that they have never been instructed to do this.
Post Office executives are clear that such an instruction was never passed on to them.
We have provided a letter from June 2023 from my Department to Mr Staunton telling him the opposite.