A few years ago, there was a proposal to build nearly 7,000 houses in a beautiful part of my constituency near the villages of Castor and Ailsworth, against the wishes of local residents.
I worked with the local community, and together we were able to stop the development.
However, efforts are now being made to include this land in a revised Peterborough local plan.
Does the Prime Minister agree that it is very important that the voice of the local community is heard and that it is unacceptable that developments can take place in  this circuitous way, especially when other, more  suitable land is available in and around the city of Peterborough?
My right hon.
Friend raises an important issue, and he is right to say that the local community should always have their voice heard.
It is important that councils bring forward local plans, but this must be done in close consultation with local communities, because their voices matter.
As I understand it, the Peterborough local plan is still under preparation and there are opportunities to provide comments on the draft plan, so I commend him for continuing to support his local community to ensure that their voice is heard.
The Prime Minister talks about things going backwards.
The UK is the only western G7 power in recession, with seven consecutive quarters of no growth.
That is the worst since records began in 1955.
Can the Prime Minister tell the businesses going bust, the families struggling to pay their bills, and the people being made homeless why this recession, which has his name written all over it, is a good thing for our country?
The hon.
Lady might want to check some of the facts that she just outlined to the House; they are not quite right.
Perhaps she would like to explain to the country why her party is stuck with a completely incoherent energy policy that will saddle working families with £28 billion of higher tax rises and higher energy bills.
Since 2019, the Prime Minister has had our backs in Stoke-on-Trent North, Kidsgrove and Talke, with record funding for our local transport, over £200 million for Stoke and Staffordshire to repair potholes, over £30 million to improve our bus network with cheaper fares and new and extended routes, funding to upgrade Kidsgrove and Stoke-on-Trent railway stations and bringing back the Stoke to Leek line—and this week Stoke-on-Trent and Staffordshire have seen a tenfold increase in transport funding year in, year out.
I know the Opposition like to talk down Stoke-on-Trent North, Kidsgrove and Talke, but isn’t it true that this Prime Minister and this Conservative party are the only ones with a plan to improve and better connect our communities and fix our broken roads and pavements?
As ever, my hon.
Friend is a fantastic champion for Stoke-on-Trent, and he is right: over the next several years, his area will receive 10 times as much as it currently does to invest in local transport schemes as a result of this Government’s decision on HS2.
But he is also right to say that after years of being neglected by the party opposite, it is this Conservative Government that are levelling up across the country and in Stoke-on-Trent, championed by fantastic MPs like him.
The advent of the Cromarty Firth green freeport is most welcome.
What discussions has the Prime Minister had with the Scottish Government, who will be responsible for ensuring that there is a robust road network associated with the freeport and that there will be sufficient housing  for the influx of workers who we hope will contribute to our dream of the fabrication of offshore renewable structures?
I welcome the hon.
Gentleman’s support for the freeport.
We are taking advantage of our Brexit opportunities to deliver two freeports in Scotland to attract jobs and investment in the industries of the future.