But I know that his local residents will want this to be sorted as soon as possible, in order to take advantage of the extra appointments that we are creating so that people can get access to the primary care they need.
One of the few good things to come out of Wednesday’s stramash last week was that the House united around a call for an immediate ceasefire.
Now, I welcome that—that is progress.
The Prime Minister was just given an opportunity by my hon.
Friend the Member for Aberdeen South (Stephen Flynn) to commit to the UK’s representatives in the United Nations and elsewhere articulating that position of this House.
If they are not going to do that, what will he say to those of us who say this place really is just a sick pantomime?
As I outlined previously, it is not right to call for an immediate ceasefire that would collapse instantly into more fighting and not do anything to get more aid into Gaza to alleviate the suffering that people are experiencing, or to make sure that we can safely remove hostages, including British hostages.
That has been our consistent position.
We have been calling for an immediate humanitarian ceasefire which will provide the conditions for a lasting and sustainable peace, but just calling for something that will collapse back into fighting is not in anyone’s interests.
All our diplomatic efforts, at the United Nations and elsewhere, are targeted at bringing that about.
I am pleased that in recent days progress has been made.
We should keep pressure on all parties to come to a resolution.
Does my right hon.
Friend share my enthusiasm about Monday’s announcement of 27 new potential bathing water sites across the country, including three in Shropshire: two   on the River Severn at Ironbridge and Shrewsbury, and one on the River Teme at Ludlow?
How will those very welcome designations improve the quality of rivers in Shropshire and in the other areas under consideration?
On Monday we launched a consultation on the largest ever roll-out of new bathing water sites: 27 potential new bathing waters in England, including an extra one on the River Teme in Ludlow  in my right hon.
Friend’s constituency.
He is right  that substantial improvements have been made in  recent years.
Almost 90% of designated bathing waters in England now meet the higher standards of good or excellent, up from just 76% in 2010; all part of our plan for water which, alongside those on the Conservative Benches voting for the strictest storm overflow targets and plans for unlimited penalties for polluting water companies, was opposed by the Labour party.
The parent of a two-year-old in the UK is currently spending more than £14,000 a year on a full-time nursery place.
Last year the Prime Minister promised parents that in April 2024 there would be a new free childcare offer.
With only a month to go, parents do not know whether they can access that offer, because of staff shortages and the lack of childcare spaces.
Will the parents to whom the Prime Minister made that promise be able to accept the offer that he talked about last year, or is this another example of a broken Tory promise?
We are delivering on what we said, which is 30 hours of free childcare a week for working parents of children from when they are nine months old until they start school.
That is the largest ever expansion of childcare in our country’s history.
Perhaps the hon.
Lady might want to have a conversation with her Welsh Labour colleagues, who were given the funding to deliver childcare expansion in Wales, and what have they done?
They have pocketed the money instead of matching our plans to support parents in England.