Friend and the Home Secretary meet with me and concerned colleagues to further discuss the issue?
I agree with my hon.
Friend that cuckooing is an abhorrent practice that often preys on the most vulnerable in society.
As part of the Government’s antisocial behaviour action plan, the Home Office engaged with relevant stakeholders about whether a new criminal offence was necessary.
The results of that engagement demonstrated that a range of existing powers can be used to disrupt that activity, but of course I will ensure that the relevant Minister meets with my hon.
Friend and updates her on the work we are doing to share effective practice to tackle this abhorrent problem.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
It is very good to see you in your place, Madam Deputy Speaker.
We wish Mr Speaker a speedy recovery.
This week, we lost two giants of the Labour family, and I thank the Prime Minister for his comments.
Alistair Darling was a man of unassuming intelligence, warmth and kindness.
He brought a calm expertise and, in private, a cutting wit, and his devoted love of his family was ever present.
Our thoughts are with Maggie, his wife, and Calum and Anna, whom he loved so dearly.
Glenys Kinnock was a passionate campaigner for social justice who changed lives at home and abroad.
She was a loving and supportive partner and mother, and her death is a huge loss to all of us.
We are thinking of Neil, Stephen, Rachel and all the family.
I also  echo the Prime Minister’s comments in relation to Lord Douglas-Hamilton.
In relation to the Hillsborough families, they deserve justice.
In a previous capacity, I worked with the families.
They waited a very long time for the findings, thanks to people in this House, and they have waited a long time for this response, but I am glad it is now coming.
If the purpose of the Rwanda gimmick was to solve a political headache of the Tories’ own making—to get people out of the country who they simply could not deal with—then it has been a resounding success.
After all, they have managed to send three Home Secretaries there—an achievement for which the whole country can be grateful.
Apart from members of his own Cabinet, how many people has the Prime Minister sent to Rwanda?
As I have been clear before, we will do everything it takes—[Interruption.]
We will do everything it takes to get this scheme working so that we can indeed stop the boats.
That is why this week we have signed a new legally binding treaty with Rwanda, which, together with new legislation, will address all the concerns that have been raised.
Everyone should be in no doubt about our absolute commitment to stop the boats and get flights off, because—this is the crucial point that the right hon.
and learned Gentleman does not understand—deterrence is critical.
Even the National Crime Agency has said that
“you need an effective removals and deterrence agreement”
if you truly want to break the cycle of tragedy that we see.
What we heard this morning from his own shadow Ministers was that they would scrap the scheme even when it is operational and working.
Once again, instead of being on the side of the British people, he finds himself on the side of the people smugglers.
When the Government first announced this gimmick, they claimed Rwanda would settle tens of thousands of people—tens of thousands of people.
Then the former Deputy Prime Minister quickly whittled it down to mere hundreds.
Then the Court of Appeal in June made it clear there is housing for just 100.
The current number of people sent there remains stubbornly consistent—zero.
At the same time, article 19 of the treaty says:
“The Parties shall make arrangements for the United Kingdom to resettle a portion of Rwanda’s most vulnerable refugees in the United Kingdom”.