In recent weeks I have seen at first hand the extraordinary work conducted by specialist care staff in accident and emergency units.
As politicians, we are often guilty of using the NHS as a political football, but when it becomes personal, one is  reminded that what we have in the UK is very special.
Will the Prime Minister join me in thanking our superb NHS staff in Bracknell, across Berkshire, in neighbouring Basingstoke and Frimley Park Hospitals, and beyond?
NHS staff are at the heart of what makes our health service work.
There would not be an NHS without them—without their skill, their expertise and their dedication.
I was delighted I could pay them my thanks last week in person.
I join my hon.
Friend in thanking NHS staff not just in his constituency but across the country for their dedicated hard work and public service.
It is now six years since Bishop James Jones published the Hillsborough report, and only today, finally, do we get the Government’s response.
When will the Government introduce not just a voluntary charter, an independent public advocate or a code of ethical policing, but a full Hillsborough law to force those in public office to co-operate fully with investigations, and to guarantee fairer funding to enable those affected by a major tragedy to challenge public institutions?
As I have said, I am profoundly sorry for what the Hillsborough families have been through, and my right hon.
Friend the Justice Secretary will be making a full statement immediately after PMQs.
I refer Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Having worked as a junior doctor, I understand that it is a demanding job and have sympathy with the challenges they face.
However, the strikes that are planned for the festive period threaten public safety and will delay treatment.
Causing patients suffering in the pursuit of more money for oneself is, in my view, morally indefensible.
What concrete steps is the Prime Minister taking to prevent the strikes, and will he bring forward minimum service legislation to protect patients in case they do go ahead?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point and speaks from a position of experience on this issue.
The Government have now reached settlements with every other part of the public sector, including, most recently, consultants, and I am grateful to them for their constructive engagement with the Government.
The junior doctors are taking action in the face of a recommendation from an independent body of a 9% pay rise, on average—the highest increase across the entire public sector.
The Government have gone beyond that in conversations with them, but they have still decided to take damaging strike action.
It is wrong, and that is why we have introduced minimum service levels, to ensure that we can guarantee a safe level of care for patients across the NHS.
It would be good to hear from the Labour party, at some point, whether they will get off the fence, condemn these strikes and back these minimum service laws.
Universal credit is broken.
One constituent told me that the Department for Work and Pensions is refusing to reimburse her childcare payment because it was four days late due to a phone being broken.
She is down £1,200 and is  unable to pay for childcare.
She has lost her job and will likely have to move house.
With three weeks to go before Christmas, she is extremely anxious and distressed.
Does the Prime Minister realise the real consequences for real people of this broken system?
I am sorry to hear about the circumstances of the hon.
Lady’s constituent.
If the hon.
Lady writes to me, I will make sure that we get specific support in place for her constituent and ensure that she can access what she needs.
When it comes to universal credit, I strongly disagree with the hon.
Lady.