I make no apology for saying that or, indeed, for saying that it is important that those who come here contribute to our public services.
I welcome the Government’s significant funding increase for two-year-olds’ pre-schooling in 2023, but the illustrative 2024-25 Department for Education funding to Dorset Council for two-year-olds’ pre-schooling looks to be a net 17p per hour less than it is today, and that is giving West Dorset preschools some nervousness about their sustainability.
Will my right hon.
Friend support me to ensure that educational funding formulas will take into account the challenges of rural living and allow excellent preschools to—
Order.
I think we have got it.
In a couple of years’ time, we will have increased spending to over £8 billion every year on free hours and early education, which will help working families with childcare costs; indeed, it is the single biggest investment in childcare in England ever.
But my hon.
Friend makes an excellent point, and that is why we will ensure that there is a discretionary supplement in the local authorities’ local funding formula for rural communities to account for the smaller economies of scale, so that they can continue to deliver their vital work.
Nine months on from the Windsor framework, I thank the Prime Minister for his ongoing efforts to restore the Northern Ireland Assembly and Executive.
However, if and when the institutions are restored, they will still be plagued by the same structural weaknesses that have seen repeated collapses and unfairness on things such as designations.
This week, the Northern Ireland Affairs Committee published a report calling for a review of the Good Friday agreement.
Many architects of the agreement, such as Tony Blair, John Major and Bertie Ahern, have recognised the case for reform.
Will the Prime Minister commit to an early review of the agreement to improve its stability, effectiveness and fairness?
I recognise the hon.
Member’s campaigning on this issue and I have great respect for his position.
Indeed, we have spoken on a number of   occasions both here and on my visits to Northern Ireland.
My focus right now is on getting the institutions up and running, and my overarching priority is to get public services in Northern Ireland back on track, which I know is an ambition that he and I share.
Any reform of institutions is best dealt with with the support of all parts of the community.
When it comes to restoring the current institutions, the Government are doing everything they can to support efforts, and I know that the Secretary of State will be in touch for engagement with the parties imminently on that point.
Yesterday, 13 men died by suicide; today, 88 men  will die of heart disease; tomorrow, and every day, 90,000 men will wake up in prison; and today we have 2.2 million boys living at home with no dad.
Thankfully, we have an excellent Cabinet Minister for women, and an excellent Minister for Women.
Will the Prime Minister meet me to discuss the merits of a Minister for men and boys?
As Warren Farrell has said, when one sex loses, “both sexes lose”.
My hon.
Friend should be commended for his tireless campaigning on this issue.
He is particularly right to focus on suicide, and I am grateful for his engagement with the suicide prevention strategy, which sets out the actions that we will take to reduce suicides in the coming years.
It was thanks in part to his campaigning that on International Men’s Day we announced that we are appointing the first men’s health ambassador and launching a men’s health taskforce.
I look forward to continued collaboration with him so that we can represent his concerns adequately.
Convicted criminals are being held in police station cells across West Yorkshire because the Government have completely failed to deliver more prison places.