It was thanks in part to his campaigning that on International Men’s Day we announced that we are appointing the first men’s health ambassador and launching a men’s health taskforce.
I look forward to continued collaboration with him so that we can represent his concerns adequately.
Convicted criminals are being held in police station cells across West Yorkshire because the Government have completely failed to deliver more prison places.
Two thirds of prisons are overcrowded, criminals are let out early—if sentenced at all—only 2% of rapists reach court, serious violence is up by 60%, knife crime is up by 70%, and nearly 65,000 cases are waiting to be heard.
How can the Prime Minister reassure the residents of Wakefield that they are safe on our streets?
We have a clear plan to protect victims, punish criminals and cut crime.
We are in fact investing £400 million more in prison places on top of the £4 billion that I announced as Chancellor, which is delivering 20,000 new cells.
We are also making sure that rapists serve every day of their sentences and ensuring that life means life for the worst offenders—something that I hope the Labour party will be supporting soon.
My constituents Ceri and Frances Menai-Davis, who are in the Public Gallery, lost their son after a long battle with cancer, during which they visited him in hospital every day.
They have set up a charity called It’s Never You to help parents in that situation, and on Monday I intend to present a Bill that will ask the Government to report on what support can be given to those parents.
I hope the Prime Minister might ask Ministers to discuss that with me so that we can find a way forward to help parents in that dreadful situation.
May I express my sympathies to my right hon.
and learned Friend’s constituents for what they have been through, and commend them for setting up the It’s Never You charity?
I will ensure that he and the organisers get the appropriate meeting with the Minister to discuss its important work.
He is absolutely right that parents who are in that situation should have all the support they need, and we will make sure that that happens.
One in five of my residents lives in fuel poverty and, according to Cornwall Insight, this winter looks to be the most brutal yet, with the current trajectory in energy prices expected to be the new norm for the rest of the decade.
As the Prime Minister will know, one of the best ways to support households is through the introduction of a social tariff.
He promised a consultation by summer this year, but we are still waiting.
When will the consultation be released?
We have also provided considerable support in the here and now for households with their energy bills: £900 of direct cost of living support this financial year on top of a record increase in benefits, along with winter fuel payments of up to £300 this winter for pensioners, because they are particularly vulnerable.
We will continue to look at all the support we have to ensure that those who need it are getting the help they deserve.
During COP28, will the Prime Minister salute South West Bedfordshire’s contribution to our nation’s energy security for having had the tallest wind turbine in England, the largest battery in Europe and now the most powerful wind turbine in England, which has local support?
Can we also ensure that my constituents now get cheaper energy bills for hosting this vital infrastructure?
We are looking exactly at how local communities can benefit when new infrastructure is in their vicinity, as part of our new plan for increased energy security.
May I commend my hon.
Friend’s local area for the contribution it is making to our clean energy transition?