That is why a new offence of police corruption, applicable to police and National Crime Agency officers was introduced in 2017, punishable by up to 14 years’ imprisonment.
In 2020, we updated the Police (Conduct) Regulations to introduce a new duty to co-operate for individual officers during investigations and inquiries.
Failure to do so can result in disciplinary sanctions, including dismissal.
Last month, we introduced legislation to place an organisational duty of candour on policing.
Through the Criminal Justice Bill, we will place a duty on the College of Policing to issue a code of practice for ethical policing, and for that code to include a duty of candour.
This duty is designed to promote a culture of openness, honesty and transparency, and chief constables will be held to account for their forces’ performance against the code.
The new code of practice has been laid in Parliament today.
We want to go beyond the police to consider healthcare settings too.
In response to recent concerns about openness in those settings, we will be conducting a review into the effectiveness of the existing duty of candour for health and social care providers—the terms of reference for that have been published today.
I am aware that the Hillsborough law calls for a duty of candour on all public authorities.
Since the Hillsborough disaster, a comprehensive framework of duties and obligations has developed, which covers public officials and the different official proceedings, such as inquests and inquiries.
First, in central Government, the civil service code requires civil servants to act with honesty and integrity.
A breach of the code can result in a range of sanctions, including dismissal.
This sits alongside the Nolan principles providing that:
“Holders of public office should act solely in terms of the public interest.”
Secondly, the legal framework surrounding criminal investigations, statutory inquiries, inquests and most other formal proceedings requires that all individuals, regardless of whether they are a public official, co-operate with them.
For example, there is a duty of candour in judicial review, which amounts to a duty on public authorities to lay cards “face up on the table”.
When it comes to inquiries, importantly, these carry the potential for custodial sanction—prison sentences in plain English.
Thirdly, where a public official demonstrates a lack of candour, and where this forms part of their duty as a public office holder, they can potentially be guilty of misconduct in public office, which is a criminal offence.
We will keep these changes under review to ensure that we achieve that culture of openness, honesty and candour, and we will not rule out taking further action if it is needed.
Today, the Government respond to all 25 points of learning, but I have focused this statement on those that Bishop James described as “crucial”.
Very meaningful progress has been made, but we will not hesitate to go further if required.
The discussions will continue, and the Government have committed to another debate in the new year to ensure that that dialogue progresses.
I would also be happy to meet the Hillsborough families should they wish to discuss any aspect of the Government’s response.
Finally, I turn to improvements in the justice system.
Bishop James made it searingly clear that the justice system, which should have supported victims and the bereaved after the tragedy, was not set up to do so.
Our response sets out the steps this Government have taken to ensure that bereaved families and survivors in the immediate aftermath of a public tragedy are guided through what can be a difficult, complicated and forbidding process.
Through the Victims and Prisoners Bill, we have introduced legislation to enable an independent public advocate.
Once established, the IPA will be a strong voice for victims, the bereaved and whole communities affected by major incidents.
The IPA, as promised by my right hon.