National Energy Action says that 30% of North Tynesiders are in fuel poverty, 3,000 homes have legacy prepayment meters and we are in the bottom 5% for energy efficiency, but the Chancellor announced no new funding to help people this winter.
We are now in advent, so what Christmas message does the Prime Minister have for my constituents who are freezing in their homes?
The Clerk at the Table having informed the House of the unavoidable absence, through illness, of the Speaker from the sittings of the House this week, the Chairman of Ways and Means took the Chair as Deputy Speaker ( Standing Order No.
3 ).
The Secretary of State was asked—
What assessment he has made of the impact of inflation on public spending in Wales.
May I say how sorry I was to learn of the death of Baroness Kinnock?
I met her when I was an intern in the European Parliament many years ago, and I have never forgotten how fearless, remarkable and determined she was.
I send my deepest condolences to  the hon.
Member for Aberavon (Stephen Kinnock)  and the wider Welsh Labour family, who also mourn the death of Allan Rogers, who served in this House as the Member for Rhondda for 19 years.
The UK economy has outperformed expectations this year, and the Prime Minister has delivered on his pledge to halve inflation.
Following the Chancellor’s announcement at the autumn statement, the Welsh Government will receive £305 million in additional funding, which can be used to support public services in Wales.
Tory inflation and austerity mean that the Welsh budget is worth £900 million less than it was when it was set, and the autumn statement consequentials do not make up for that.
The Institute of Welsh Affairs has called the autumn statement “a return to austerity” with
“tax cuts at the cost of cuts to public service delivery.”
It is the people of Wales who are suffering poverty and cuts to public services, so I ask the Minister: instead of the autumn statement tax handouts to the wealthy in London and the south-east, will the Secretary of State not urge the Chancellor to tax the wealthy to better protect Welsh public services?
The House will not be surprised to learn that I completely disagree with the hon.
Lady’s assessment.
It is not the amount of money the Welsh Government are receiving but the way in which they are mismanaging public services that is the problem.
The 2021 spending   review delivered the Welsh Government a record settlement of £18 billion a year, so I think that she needs to recognise that the problem is on her own side in Wales.
I call the shadow Minister.
I welcome the hon.
Lady to her role and thank her for her tribute to Baroness Kinnock and to Allan Rogers.
Glenys Kinnock was an inspiration to our Labour movement, to her many friends and colleagues around the world, but most of all to her family.
As the Kinnock family grieve, we send them our love and deepest sympathy.
On public spending in Wales, the Prime Minister promised, when abandoning HS2, that the north Wales main line would be electrified, at a cost of £1 billion.
In the past eight years, construction costs have increased by 7% a year, because of the Government’s economic mismanagement.
Will the Minister confirm that the last time any cost assessment was done on electrification was in 2015 and that the scheme will now cost between £1.5 billion and £1.8 billion?
I join the hon.
Lady in her comments about the Kinnock family.
It is important to recognise that this Government are the first in many decades to commit to that project.