What support will Britain offer the International Criminal Court to enable it to conduct investigations of the conduct of all parties in Israel, Gaza and the west bank before and since  7 October ?
As is well known, we are a strong and long-standing supporter of the International Criminal Court.
When it comes to the situation in Gaza, we have been consistent in saying that international humanitarian law has to be respected.
All parties must take every possible step to avoid harming civilians, and I can say that I stressed that point specifically just yesterday to Prime Minister Netanyahu.
The Prime Minister is aware that the household tax known as the television licence fee is due to rise in  April in line with inflation.
Given the ongoing household budget constraints with which all our constituents are faced, such as increasing childcare costs, as well as ongoing unresolved staffing issues at BBC Northern Ireland, national BBC television and national BBC radio, is this really the right time to proceed with an even larger £3.7 billion licence fee budget, enhanced yet again?
We have already agreed a fair settlement with the BBC that will see the licence fee remain frozen until 2024.
However, the hon.
Member has raised an excellent point.
I have been clear about the fact that the BBC needs to be realistic about what is possible in an environment like this, and the licence fee should rise only at a level that people can actually afford.
The Culture Secretary has said that “we are looking at” this issue right now, and she will set out more details in due course.
Longton, the largest town in my constituency, has not benefited from future high streets funding, from town deals, or from the latest long-term plan for towns.
Will my right hon.
Friend ensure that it can have some investment from the Government, and does he agree that some of the latest National Lottery Heritage Fund award to Stoke-on-Trent should definitely be invested there?
My hon.
Friend is a tireless champion for his local community.
I know that there has been considerable investment in his area over the past few years in plenty of ways, but he has made an excellent point about making sure that no one misses out on the considerable resources that are being invested in Stoke, and I will ensure that the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities takes his concerns very seriously.
rose—
Order.
We are running way over time.
I appreciate it would be a great disappointment to Members whose names are on the Order Paper if they were not called, so I am trying my best to call them all, but may I please make a plea for brevity?
When the Prime Minister is taking a dip in his pool or is on the beach at his place in California, he does not have to worry about swimming in sewage.
The rest of us do not have it so good, so why will he not back Labour’s plans for criminal liability for water company bosses who fail to clean up their act?
We have already brought in regulations that ensure there can be unlimited fines for water companies, and there have been dozens of criminal prosecutions.
I would also say, however, that when we had a debate in the House on exactly a plan that would do all this, who did not show up to vote?
It was the Labour party.
In recent weeks I have seen at first hand the extraordinary work conducted by specialist care staff in accident and emergency units.
As politicians, we are often guilty of using the NHS as a political football, but when it becomes personal, one is  reminded that what we have in the UK is very special.
Will the Prime Minister join me in thanking our superb NHS staff in Bracknell, across Berkshire, in neighbouring Basingstoke and Frimley Park Hospitals, and beyond?