I join the hon.
Lady in her comments about the Kinnock family.
It is important to recognise that this Government are the first in many decades to commit to that project.
I am sorry that she appears to agree with her colleagues in the Welsh Labour Government in Cardiff Bay, who seem to say that this is not a priority; Conservative Members feel that electrification and economic growth in north Wales is a priority, and I am sorry that she cannot agree with that.
If it is such a priority, why has nothing been done since 2015, when the cost assessment was undertaken?
The hon.
Lady’s Government promised to electrify the south Wales main line, but they did not do so.
They promised to improve journey times and connections between south Wales and London, but they did not do that either.
She has not given an answer on whether the Government will fully fund electrification, so how can she stand there and claim to the people in north Wales that this project has any prospect whatsoever of being completed by this hapless Government?
I say again that the hon.
Lady’s party has already dismissed this project as not a priority.
I also say again that north Wales is a priority for this Government; we are determined to level up right across this country and especially to focus on areas that the Welsh Labour Government, in south Wales, have completely ignored.
I add my condolences and those of my party to the Kinnock family on their sad loss.
Wales’s public services, assailed by inflation and austerity, now face the further difficulty of recruiting the skilled migrants who have become so vital to caring for our ageing population, as the family threshold is to rise to £38,700.
That is £8,000 higher than the average wage in Gwynedd, with many of my constituents earning significantly less.
Will the Minister tell me what representations she—or, rather, the Secretary of State—has made to the Home Secretary on the effects of the new threshold on Welsh public services?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, the Secretary of State has regular discussions with his Cabinet colleagues about the issue.
It is absolutely vital that we take tough measures to make sure that we sustain sensible levels of migration.
That is exactly what the Home Secretary has announced this week.
The change in the salary threshold will affect real people with real families and real people receiving care.
My constituent Daniel Griffith was due to marry his Brazilian partner next year.
They intend to make their home in Wales, but it is far from clear at present whether they will be able to do that under the new income rules.
Why should Daniel, unlike the Secretary of State, the Minister and everyone else in this Chamber, have to choose between his wife and his country?
Some of the policies put in place by the Welsh Labour Government, aided and abetted by Plaid Cymru under the co-operation agreement, are disadvantaging Wales, putting off investors from creating investment and jobs in Wales.
Again, I say to the hon.
Gentleman that it is his colleagues in Cardiff Bay who need to have a look at what they are doing.
Whether he has had discussions with the Welsh Government on promoting and supporting narrow gauge railway tourism in Wales.
Narrow gauge and heritage railways are important for our tourism sector.
Although tourism  is, of course, devolved, the UK Government have demonstrated their support for the sector.
The Secretary of State saw that at first hand on  2 June , when he opened Corwen station, which was partly funded by the UK Government’s levelling-up fund.
First, I welcome my hon.
Friend to the Dispatch Box; it is a pleasure to see her there.
A little while back, a friend of mine from Rouen, Thierry Fontenay, came over to Tywyn in Gwynedd.
I asked myself, “How can I amuse him?”