Lady writes to me, I will make sure that we get specific support in place for her constituent and ensure that she can access what she needs.
When it comes to universal credit, I strongly disagree with the hon.
Lady.
It was only because of the actions of my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith)  that universal credit was implemented, and the only reason we were able to get support to millions of vulnerable people during the pandemic was that we had replaced the legacy system with universal credit, and that was opposed at every step by the Labour party.
It is always a pleasure to work closely with my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Montgomeryshire (Craig Williams)  in delivering important projects, such as the Llanymynech-Pant bypass on the border with north Shropshire, and today is another example of our partnership.
He is unfortunately unable to ask a question, given his role as the Prime Minister’s Parliamentary Private Secretary, so will the Prime Minister join me in highlighting my right hon.
Friend’s work with the Famers Union of Wales in organising the terrific celebration of Montgomeryshire Day in the Jubilee Room straight after Question Time?
My hon.
Friend is an excellent campaigner for his constituents, as indeed is my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Montgomeryshire (Craig Williams) .
It is fantastic to see these local projects being delivered in their area—and I am grateful to my right  hon.
Friend for teaching me how to pronounce “Pant-Llanymynech” for my first Budget.
I am delighted to declare from the Dispatch Box that today is now officially Montgomeryshire Day, and I look forward to everyone celebrating in the Jubilee Room straight after Question Time.
I beg your indulgence briefly, Madam Deputy Speaker, to wish my constituent who was attacked in yesterday’s serious incident in Aberfan a speedy recovery.
I thank the emergency services and school staff for their swift and professional response.
Britain is getting smaller on the world stage on this Prime Minister’s watch.
His climate failures mean that our children and grandchildren will bear the brunt of the costs.
His plans are undermining Britain’s energy security and bills are still sky high for working families, yet he is hiking the tax burden and real living standards are falling by more than 3%.
Tinkering with a reset just does not compensate for 13 years of failure, does it, Prime Minister?
First, can I say that my thoughts are with the victim and her family after the awful incident that took place on the streets of Aberfan?
We wish them a full and speedy recovery, and I join the hon.
Gentleman in thanking the emergency services for their immediate response.
The hon.
Gentleman talked about leaving our children and grandchildren with costs.
He is right to raise that because it is important that we do not do that.
The question, then, for him and the Labour party is: why do they want to embark on a green borrowing spree of £28 billion a year that will just mean higher taxes for our children and grandchildren and higher mortgage rates?
It is the same old story: reckless borrowing and the British people paying the price.
With permission, Madam Deputy Speaker, I would like to make a statement on the Government’s response to Bishop James Jones’s report, “‘The patronising disposition of unaccountable power’—A report to ensure the pain and suffering of the Hillsborough families is not repeated”, and on the steps we will take to respond to the points of learning contained therein.
Bishop James has done our nation a great service and his report is an exceptional piece of work.
I salute the Hillsborough families for the assiduous care they have given to help to create the report and forge the response that flows from it.