Friend to the Dispatch Box; it is a pleasure to see her there.
A little while back, a friend of mine from Rouen, Thierry Fontenay, came over to Tywyn in Gwynedd.
I asked myself, “How can I amuse him?”
I took him on the Talyllyn railway, and we went from Tywyn to Abergynolwyn.
He was over the moon—he took photographs of the engine and went on to the footplate.
He told me that there are no narrow gauge railways like that, if at all, in France.
What can we do to promote in Europe these wonderful narrow gauge railways that we have in Wales?
My hon.
Friend is, of course, right: Wales’s narrow gauge railways are part of our unique tourism offer, so it is vital that they are marketed to the world.
That is why Visit Britain works to ensure that Wales’s brand values are reflected in the broader GREAT campaign.
Let me do Visit Britain and Visit Wales’s job for them and warmly invite Monsieur Fontenay to come and see the premier narrow gauge railway—the Brecon Mountain railway.
What assessment he has made of the impact of the autumn statement on the Welsh economy.
The autumn statement set out the UK Government’s plans to grow the economy and incentivise work so that economic growth can be felt throughout the United Kingdom.
That will include a national insurance tax change from January, which will put £324 back into the pockets of 1.2 million workers across Wales.
North Wales has always been the poor relative to south Wales, where the Welsh Labour Government in Cardiff fund their voter bases.
However, thanks to the foresight of this Conservative Government, money is now flowing from Whitehall to Wrexham—£13 million from the levelling-up fund, £20 million from the towns fund, £24 million from the shared prosperity fund and the prospect of a £160 million investment zone.
We are working on a civil service hub.
Does the Secretary of State agree that, after 20 years of neglect from the Welsh Labour Government, this Conservative Government have put Wrexham firmly on the map?
I am absolutely delighted to agree with my hon.
Friend: the UK Government are putting Wrexham on the map.
I was, of course, delighted with the £160 million investment zone across Wrexham in Flintshire, which was marked by a visit from the Chancellor to the area.
The £20 million towns fund for Wrexham will ensure long-term certainty and investment for the area and for the growth deal.
I believe that the freeport in north Wales will also benefit my hon.
Friend’s constituents.
According to research from the Bevan Foundation, nearly one in four Welsh children have reported having recently been worried about being cold, and around one in eight have worried about being hungry.
What are the Government going to do about that?
The UK Government have spent £96 billion on measures to help the least well off across the United Kingdom throughout the difficult times brought about by the covid pandemic and the war in Ukraine.
On top of that, in the autumn statement we were able to announce a cut in national insurance, which will put more money into people’s pockets.
I hope that the hon.
Gentleman will be talking to his constituents, who are no doubt hit by the highest taxes in the whole United Kingdom as a result of the policies of the Scottish National party Government.
I call the shadow Minister.
May I join others in paying tribute to Glenys Kinnock, who was much loved by us all?
Earlier this year, the Secretary of State told my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cardiff Central (Jo Stevens)  that his Government would prioritise helping the most vulnerable, yet Welsh households still face the consequences of 13 years of his Government’s economic failures, with a historically high tax burden and his own constituents  paying on average £240 more each month on their mortgages.