Through the Victims and Prisoners Bill, we have introduced legislation to enable an independent public advocate.
Once established, the IPA will be a strong voice for victims, the bereaved and whole communities affected by major incidents.
The IPA, as promised by my right hon.
Friend the Member for Maidenhead, will make sure that those affected by major incidents know their rights, can access support services, and have their voices heard at inquests and inquiries.
Its design has been informed by the very difficulties that the Hillsborough families faced and our commitment to making sure that other families do not suffer the same injustices.
That can include holding public bodies to account for their commitments to abide by the Hillsborough charter.
I am also grateful for the contributions of some of the families of victims of the Grenfell Tower fire and of the Manchester Arena bombing, telling us what would have helped them most in the aftermath of those terrible events.
After listening to concerns of the Hillsborough families, set out so powerfully when I met them earlier this year, as well as contributions from colleagues across the House—I am looking at the right hon.
Member for Garston and Halewood here—I decided that we must go further by establishing a permanent IPA.
It is vital that the IPA can be deployed as soon as possible after disaster strikes and that they have time in advance to be as prepared as possible.
A permanent advocate will be able to advise the Government on their response to major incidents, such as any subsequent inquiries or reviews, and will ensure that the views of families are heard.
Importantly, they will also report independently to government about the experiences of victims and bereaved families, as well as publishing an annual report.
All such reports will be laid before Parliament.
The Hillsborough families have been unrelenting in their pursuit of justice, and Bishop James has done essential work to support the families and has faithfully discharged the commission put upon him by the then Home Secretary and former Prime Minister to capture their perspective, so that it was not lost following the second inquests.
Today is therefore an important day.
It does not provide closure for the families, of course.
As Bishop James himself wrote,
“there can be no closure to love, nor should there be for someone you have loved and lost.”.
Grief is indeed a journey without a destination.
But today is a milestone on that journey.
It is a moment, I hope, when families will feel able to pause and take  quiet pride in the enormity of what they have achieved, not for themselves, but for others—for the British people.
But I hope they will serve to cement and strengthen the Hillsborough families’ legacy—the changes they have made to benefit an entire nation and to help ensure that never again can our people be so betrayed by the very organisations and institutions meant to protect them.
I commend this statement to the House.
I call the shadow Minister.
It is customary to thank the Government for advance sight of the statement, but given the gravity of this matter, the fact that the report being responded to has been with the Government for many years and the length of the Secretary of State’s statement this morning, I am disappointed to have received the copy of his statement much later than is customary.
To describe the events of  15 April 1989  as “far-reaching” is wholly inadequate.
To say that they were “tragic” misses the point.
The name “Hillsborough” stands to this day as an indictment of institutions, individuals and an entire culture in which transparency, accountability and even simple human compassion were absent.
I was a child in 1989, when 95 people died at Hillsborough stadium in the worst sporting disaster in this nation’s history.