We are looking exactly at how local communities can benefit when new infrastructure is in their vicinity, as part of our new plan for increased energy security.
May I commend my hon.
Friend’s local area for the contribution it is making to our clean energy transition?
It is a great example of this country’s fantastic track record in delivering net zero and decarbonising faster than any other major economy, not something we will hear from the Labour party, but something that those of us on the Government Benches are very proud of.
The Government failed in their legal duty to publish  a report on spiking by April, stating that they were reconsidering whether their rationale for not introducing a specific offence for spiking was sound.
Will the Prime Minister clarify when and if the spiking report will ever be published?
Does he agree with me and colleagues right across the House that the only sound approach to this issue is to create a specific criminal offence for spiking?
This issue has been reviewed by legal police colleagues.
My latest understanding is that existing laws did cover the offence of spiking, but I am happy, of course, to ensure that the hon.
Lady gets a letter that explains the position.
Not content with being the third-most indebted council in England, with a debt of £670 million, Liberal Democrat Eastleigh Borough Council recently refinanced its failed One Heaton Heath housing project to the tune of £148 million, with no houses built and interest payments of £386,000 per month.
Will the Prime Minister now ask the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities to intervene and independently investigate the development?
May I ask for a meeting with the relevant Minister to discuss this terrible decision by Eastleigh Borough Council?
I am aware that some local authorities, including the one my hon.
Friend mentions, have taken excessive risks with borrowing and investment practices.
That is why we have taken a range of measures to strengthen the regulatory framework to prevent that from happening.
They include new powers that make it quicker and easier for the Government to step in when councils take on excessive risk through borrowing.
I will ensure that he gets a meeting with the relevant Minister to raise his concerns, because his constituents deserve better.
National Energy Action says that 13% of North Tynesiders are in fuel poverty, 3,000 homes have legacy prepayment meters and we are in the bottom 5% for energy efficiency, but the Chancellor announced no new funding to help people this winter.
We are now in advent, so what Christmas message does the Prime Minister have for my constituents who are freezing in their homes?
As I outlined, we have provided considerable support for particularly vulnerable families this year and through this winter.
We are also investing record sums in improving the energy efficiency and insulation of vulnerable homes through our home upgrade scheme and the warm home discount, which on average can save people hundreds of pounds on their energy bills when they receive that support.
We are expanding those programmes across the country, including in the north-east.
The prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, Karim Khan KC, has concluded his first visit to Israel and Palestine, and has said:
“We must show that the law is there, on the front lines, and that it is capable of protecting all”.
What support will Britain offer the International Criminal Court to enable it to conduct investigations of the conduct of all parties in Israel, Gaza and the west bank before and since  7 October ?
As is well known, we are a strong and long-standing supporter of the International Criminal Court.
When it comes to the situation in Gaza, we have been consistent in saying that international humanitarian law has to be respected.