Can the Secretary of State assure me that, when it comes to plans for offshore wind, the fishing organisations in Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales will all have input on where it happens, so that fishing will not be affected?
The hon.
Gentleman makes a good point.
In sparking a floating offshore wind industry, certain challenges need to be dealt with together with various other Government Departments—he has made reference to one challenge.
I can assure him that I have already had informal discussions about that, and will be looking to have more such discussions with the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs and other Government Departments to ensure that we overcome all the challenges and create a vibrant, sustainable industry for the future.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the cost of energy bills in Wales.
I have regular discussions with Cabinet colleagues on a variety of issues, including the cost of energy bills.
The Government recognise the challenges posed by cost of living pressures, which is why we are providing on average £3,700 per household from 2022-23 to 2024-25 to support households and individuals with the cost of living.
The Minister may not be aware of the very successful Warm Wales programme in the noughties, which saw tens of thousands of homes have their cavities and lofts insulated, saving residents in Neath, Port Talbot and Wrexham hundreds of pounds every year.
Do the Government recognise that concentrated schemes of that nature have a major impact on fuel poverty, and will Ministers steal our plans, which would see hundreds of thousands more households benefit?
I am well aware that there are a number a renewable energy schemes that could have a positive benefit on householders in Wales, which is why the UK Government have been so supportive of the potential for floating offshore wind in the Celtic sea, and why, in the last round, we arranged higher strike prices for tidal energy.
We are looking at a wide range of renewable energy systems that can bring benefits to people in Wales.
At the same time, in recognising the cost of living pressures, the UK Government ensured that we were paying around half the average fuel bills for homeowners during the last winter period.
What steps he is taking to support farming in Wales.
Last week, I had the pleasure of talking to farmers at the Royal Welsh Agricultural Society winter fair, and at livestock markets in Sennybridge and Talybont in my constituency.
The UK Government are committed to backing Welsh farming, most notably by allocating more than £900 million to the Welsh Government.
That delivers on our manifesto commitment to maintain funding for farmers and land managers at 2019 levels.
Farmers across the UK—from those in the country of Wales to those in the village of Wales in Rother Valley—face increasing pressures.
The Minister will know that I am holding my next farmers’ forum with the Minister for Food, Farming and Fisheries, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Sherwood (Mark Spencer) , early next year in Rother Valley.
What is my hon.
Friend doing to support farmers in the country of Wales, farmers in the village of Wales in Rother Valley and farmers across the whole of the UK?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on his work to ensure that the voice of farming is heard by the Minister.
Like me, he understands that farmers across  this country are the beating heart of the rural economy, driving growth in rural constituencies such as mine.
I must say, that attitude stands in stark contrast to that of the Labour party in Wales, which has already cut £37 million from the Welsh agriculture budget.
We wait with trepidation to see what damage Labour will do to Welsh farmers next week.
I call Stephen Doughty—[Interruption.]
Order.