Then the Court of Appeal in June made it clear there is housing for just 100.
The current number of people sent there remains stubbornly consistent—zero.
At the same time, article 19 of the treaty says:
“The Parties shall make arrangements for the United Kingdom to resettle a portion of Rwanda’s most vulnerable refugees in the United Kingdom”.
So how many refugees from Rwanda will be coming here to the UK under the treaty?
Madam Deputy Speaker—[Interruption.]
Order.
The treaty, as I have said, addresses all the concerns of the Supreme Court, but it is a point of pride that we are a compassionate country that does welcome people from around the world.
Let me just get the right hon.
and learned Gentleman up to speed on what we are doing: we have reduced the number of illegal arrivals from Albania by 90%; increased the number of illegal working raids by 50%; and because of all the action we have taken, the number of small boat arrivals is down by one third.
But what is the right hon.
and learned Gentleman’s plan?
What it comes down to is that he simply does not have a plan to address this problem. [
Interruption.]
No, no, I am probably being unfair, because he does have a plan: it is to cook up a deal with the EU that would see us accept 100,000 illegal migrants.
Migration has trebled on the Prime Minister’s watch, and all he can do is make up numbers about the Labour party.
It is really pitiful.
I am not actually sure the Prime Minister can have read this thing.
Article 4 says the scheme is capped at Rwanda’s capacity—that is 100.
Article 5 says Rwanda can turn them away if it wants.
Article 19 says we actually have to take refugees from Rwanda.
How much did this “fantastic” deal cost us?
As the Home Secretary was crystal clear about, there is no incremental money. [
Interruption.]
There is no incremental money that has been provided.
This is about us ensuring that the concerns of the Supreme Court have all been addressed in a legally binding treaty that will allow us to operationalise the scheme.
But I am glad the right hon.
and learned Gentleman raised the topic of legal migration, which I agree is absolutely far too high.
That is why this week we have outlined a plan, bigger than that of any other Government before, to reduce the levels of legal migration by 300,000.
It is an incredibly comprehensive plan, so if he cares so much about it, the simple question for him is: does he support the plan?
He clearly hasn’t read it.
Annex A says that, on top of the £140 million he has already showered on Rwanda, when we send people there under this treaty, we will have to pay for their accommodation and upkeep for five years.
And that is not all: a Minister admitted this morning that anyone we send to Rwanda who commits a crime can be returned to us.
I am beginning to see why the Home Secretary says the Rwanda scheme is—it was something to do with bats, wasn’t it?
What does the Prime Minister think first attracted Mr Kagame to hundreds of millions of pounds for nothing in return?
I have slightly lost the thread of the question.
The simple point is that if you believe in stopping the boats, as we on this side of the House do,  you need to have effective deterrence and a returns agreement.
It is as simple as that.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman is not interested in stopping the boats, which is why he is not interested in the Rwanda plan.
In fact, we know they do not want to tackle this issue, because even when this Government were trying to deport foreign national offenders from this country, they opposed it.