It is the same old thing: the sums do not add up.
While the Opposition are struggling with their calculator, we are getting on and delivering—a new treaty with Rwanda, the toughest ever measures to cut legal migration, our schools marching up the tables, and tax cuts for millions.
Whether it is controlling our borders or lowering our taxes, just like the Saints, the Conservatives are marching on.
I am getting fed up of sitting in traffic jams in my constituency caused by contractors digging up roads, involving lane closures and temporary traffic lights, often invoking utility company emergency powers when it turns out not to be an emergency and often with no sign of anybody doing any work, particularly over weekends.
I set up a campaign to name and shame these inconsiderate contractors, but it turns out that when they cause all this chaos and breach the rules of their permit, the maximum penalty is an £80 fixed penalty notice.
Will the Prime Minister back my campaign and support better enforcement and realistic levels of fines?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point.
We have set aside £8 billion as a result of our plans on HS2, which is enough to resurface over 5,000 miles of road to improve journeys—a cornerstone of our plan—but we are also introducing a range of measures, as my hon.
Friend says, to reduce congestion from roadworks.
Contained in the plan for drivers is a scheme for greater fines and penalties to ensure that works finish on time.
I will make sure that we look at his suggestion, and I wholeheartedly back his campaign.
I call the leader of the Scottish National party, Stephen Flynn.
Is the Prime Minister worried that he is projected to be the first Conservative party leader to lose a general election to a fellow Thatcherite? [
Interruption.]
Order.
We really must hear the Prime Minister, and we have a lot of questions to get through. [
Interruption.]
It is not the Prime Minister’s opponents who are giving him trouble.
I say to the hon.
Gentleman that Margaret Thatcher’s view was to cut inflation, then cut taxes and then win an election, and that is very much my plan.
Of course, it is not just in relation to Margaret Thatcher that the Tory and Labour leaders appear to agree; the same is true of the Government’s latest migration policies.
Those of us on these Benches  are not afraid to say that we believe migration is a good thing.
It enriches our communities, it enriches our economy, and it enriches our universities, our schools, our health service and, of course, our care sector.
Why does the Prime Minister think it is acceptable to ask people to come to these shores to care for our family members, while we show complete disregard for theirs?
What has become of this place?
That is completely wrong.
As we have already said, we have a proud track record of welcoming those who are most vulnerable around the world—over half a million over the past few years from Syria, Afghanistan, Ukraine, Hong Kong and elsewhere—and that is what this country will always do.
But at the same time, when it comes to economic migration and other forms, it is absolutely right that we take strong action to curb the levels that we have seen, because they are simply far too high and place unsustainable pressure on our public services.
I make no apology for saying that or, indeed, for saying that it is important that those who come here contribute to our public services.
I welcome the Government’s significant funding increase for two-year-olds’ pre-schooling in 2023, but the illustrative 2024-25 Department for Education funding to Dorset Council for two-year-olds’ pre-schooling looks to be a net 17p per hour less than it is today, and that is giving West Dorset preschools some nervousness about their sustainability.
Will my right hon.