The right hon.
and learned Gentleman is not interested in stopping the boats, which is why he is not interested in the Rwanda plan.
In fact, we know they do not want to tackle this issue, because even when this Government were trying to deport foreign national offenders from this country, they opposed it.
Multiple shadow Front Benchers signed a letter to me to that effect, but I do not need to tell him that, because he signed it too! [
Interruption.]
Order.
That is enough.
I would say that this treaty has more holes than a Swiss cheese, but I do not want to wind up the Prime Minister by talking about a European country again.
I have to give credit to the Rwandan Government.
They saw the Prime Minister coming a mile off.
I can only imagine their delight and sheer disbelief when, having already banked £140 million of British taxpayers’ money without housing a single asylum seeker, the Prime Minister appeared again with another offer they cannot refuse—a gimmick will send taxpayers’ money to Rwanda and refugees from Rwanda to Britain, and will not stop the boats.
There was mention of Margaret Thatcher earlier—[Hon.
Members: “More!”]
Order.
There is understandable excitement about the mention of the name, but the House must listen to the Leader of the Opposition.
How did the Tory party go from “Up yours Delors” to “Take our money, Kagame”?
When it comes to this European thing and Margaret Thatcher, this is the week that the shadow Foreign Secretary did not rule out rejoining the European Union.
The Leader of the Opposition can roleplay Margaret Thatcher all he wants but, when it comes to Europe, his answer is the same: “Yes, yes, yes.”
Forget the private jet; the Prime Minister is obviously on a private planet of his own.
Daily Mail readers learned this week that he has begun to feel sorry for himself.
He has even been heard comparing his plight to his beloved Southampton football club.
I think that is a bit harsh, because the Saints have been on an 11-game unbeaten run while, as the song has it, the Prime Minister gets battered everywhere he goes.
If we want the perfect example of how badly the Tories have broken the asylum system, last week the Home Office admitted that 17,000 people in the asylum system—[Interruption.]
Order.
Come on now.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
If we want the perfect example of how badly the Tories have broken the asylum system, last week the Home Office admitted that 17,000 people in the asylum system have disappeared.
These are its exact words, and they are hard to believe:
“I don’t think we know where all those people are”.
Now, you might lose your car keys, you might lose your headphones, you might lose your marbles, but how do you lose 17,000 people?
On the topic of football teams, the right hon.
and learned Gentleman used to describe the Rwanda policy as immoral, yet his football team have a “Visit Rwanda” badge on the side of their shirts.
In the week when he made his big economy speech, we are still waiting to hear how he is going to borrow £28 billion and still cut taxes and reduce debt.
It is the same old thing: the sums do not add up.
While the Opposition are struggling with their calculator, we are getting on and delivering—a new treaty with Rwanda, the toughest ever measures to cut legal migration, our schools marching up the tables, and tax cuts for millions.
Whether it is controlling our borders or lowering our taxes, just like the Saints, the Conservatives are marching on.