It is for this reason that over a year ago, the Leader of the Opposition committed to a Hillsborough law that would first and foremost impose a legal duty on public institutions, public servants and officials to act in the public interest and with transparency, candour and frankness when there has been a major incident.
The Secretary of State knows that we have sought to amend his recent Bill to introduce that more effective duty of candour during its passage through Parliament, but it is an approach that the Government have so far rejected.
We will continue our efforts in that regard, because the Government’s requirement for a code of ethics is not enough.
We also welcome the commitment to a standing, independent public advocate, and have supported the change to the Victims and Prisoners Bill.
However, as the Secretary of State knows, we also believe—and have said to him repeatedly—that the duty of candour is the missing piece, and it is vital to add it to make effective the changes that have been introduced in respect of the independent public advocate.
This issue is above party politics, but we have a duty to say to the Government that what they have announced does not yet go far enough.
They must deliver on that vital promise that what happened in 1989, and has continued to happen to the families for 34 years, will never happen again.
I thank the hon.
Lady for her response, and I shall seek to address each point in turn.
On the issue of legal aid, we absolutely accept that in this particular case there was a manifest and completely unacceptable lack of equality of arms, because it was treated as an adversarial process, which was completely inimical to what the inquiry should have been designed to get to the bottom of.
The culture was wrong, in terms of how the lawyers approached it, and the equality of arms was non-existent.
We have sought to address that in two ways.
First, in appropriate cases that become adversarial because people are defensive as they have probably got something wrong, it is necessary for the families to have the legal arms to take that on.
That is why, if this happened today, that funding would be in place.
This is not small amounts of funding; the total amount spent, quite properly—I have no complaints about this—in the second inquest was around £65 million.
This is a very significant change that has already been made.
As I say, we are consulting on whether we should go further still.
The critical issue is, of course, about candour.
The importance of changing the culture runs through Bishop James Jones’ report like a message through a stick of rock.
Across the House—as the hon.
Lady rightly pointed  out, this is not a party political issue—we must do everything possible to change that culture.
On the IPA, it is important to note that in point of learning 1, which was about the charter, Bishop James said:
“I welcome the government’s commitment…to create an independent public advocate to act for bereaved families after a public disaster.
Once a public advocate has been appointed, I offer the charter to them as a benchmark against which they may assess the way in which public bodies treat those bereaved by public tragedy”,
before going on to talk about the text of the charter.
We hope that it will play a very important part in embedding that culture and holding people to account, but this job is not over.
We continue to have the discussion, and I look forward to engaging with the hon.
Lady about it.
I thank the Lord Chancellor for his statement and welcome the Government’s response, although like him, I bemoan the fact that it has taken so long to respond to this report.
Not only did I commission it when I was in office, but it reported when I was still in office.