I thank my hon.
Friend for that refreshing question—normally as politicians we like to repeat questions that have come from others, so she has definitely got a gold star for that.
As someone who spent many childhood holidays in Morecambe, I am very familiar with it, and I am delighted that the Eden Project, other programmes, and the money that the Government have brought in will revitalise that gorgeous seaside town.
I am sure she will be able to raise such issues in forthcoming questions on many occasions.
Will the Leader of the House join me in celebrating the 10th anniversary of the Annandale Distillery in my constituency?
Built in the 1830s, it was abandoned in 1919, but brought back to life with much love and passion by Professor David Thomson and Teresa Church in 2014.
It now not only produces excellent whisky, but has brought a huge economic benefit for the Annan area and the wider south of Scotland.
I join the right hon.
Gentleman in celebrating the 10th anniversary of Annandale Distillery.
I was not actually invited, but I do get invited to many places—I am a bit of a lightweight and whisky is not my tipple, but I am sure that if I am in the area I will pay it a visit.
This Government are pleased to support the Scotch whisky industry, which is why we are providing up to £5 million to reduce fees for Scotch whisky, along with other measures.
I hope the distillery welcomes that.
My constituent Jo Pyke is a counsellor at a local cancer charity.
She has stage 4 mucosal melanoma.
Tumour-infiltrating lymphocyte therapy, which is only available in the USA, could save her life.
Our community is fundraising to get Jo to America, but Jo and many others need that therapy here in the UK.
Will the Leader of the House use her good offices to help Jo fight this awful disease?
I am really sorry to hear of Jo’s plight.
It is awful to have such a terminal and difficult disease, knowing that although therapies are available, they are not yet available for my hon.
Friend’s constituent.
I will ensure that the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care has heard her question, and I am sure the whole House will support Jo in her fundraising efforts to get to America.
Following my question in the Chamber last week, I received confirmation from the Transport Secretary that funding ringfenced for a new train station in Aldridge had been moved and put towards funding the Labour Mayor’s pet bus nationalisation project.
With that in mind, will the right hon.
Lady set aside time for a debate on the restoring your railways programme and city region sustainable transport settlements to enable us to have greater insight and scrutiny of the Government’s vision on transport?
At the moment, they are clearly bypassing Aldridge.
I thank the right hon.
Lady, but I do not accept the premise of the question.
The Government are doing more than ever to ensure that our railways are reliable and accessible.
The Passenger Railway Services (Public Ownership) Bill is, I think, to become an Act today.
We are also bringing forward additional funding for buses, on which the Transport Secretary made a statement to the House, as well as bus reform.
Part of our agenda for transport is about ensuring that local communities design those programmes for the needs of their local areas, and it is right that Mayors do that.
Last week, I attended the citizenship network launch at Parliament organised by Citizens UK and met people from my constituency who came to this country years ago to build a better life.
They have lived and worked here, raised their families here and contributed to society and the economy, and having spent a considerable amount of money they still find themselves unable to become British citizens.