This Government have already announced new tax reliefs for British films and special effects, but we are determined to do more.
I know that, as the Mayor, he has championed this issue across his region.
We are working closely with Mayors and local councils to put rocket boosters under their local growth plans, so that whether it is animation, music, arts, sport or creativity, we ensure that every part of the country benefits from its success.
Will the Culture Secretary welcome the news that, thanks to levelling-up funding, Malvern theatres in the west midlands will be expanding?
Planning permission was granted last week, which will give lots of young people an opportunity to get jobs in the creative industries.
When the new theatre has been built, will she come to open it and meet some of those young people?
I would be delighted to do so.
I thank the hon.
Member for her support for theatres, arts and culture, and for always being a strong voice for them in this place.
One reason that we have prioritised expanding the creative careers programme is that we are determined that as many parts of the country as possible play their full part in the growth success story that is our creative industries, and that young people in such communities  get access to those opportunities and go on to have flourishing careers.
I would be delighted to come and open the theatre when the work is finally done.
Bath is a city of music, but so many of the musicians in the city and across the UK face enormous bureaucratic barriers when they want to perform in the EU.
Can the Secretary of State update me on what progress has been made on this issue?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising that incredibly important issue.
We have heard the message loud and clear from the music industry that the deal that was struck on touring is having a difficult effect on many artists from the UK.
We are also aware that that works both ways, and we need a much improved agreement with our friends in the European Union to ensure that their artists can come and perform here and our artists can freely go and perform there.
My right hon.
Friend the Paymaster General and Minister for the Cabinet Office is currently undertaking those negotiations, and we are determined to resolve the issue.
I thank the Secretary of State for her enthusiastic response to the questions.
In my constituency, and for Ards and North Down borough council, the creative industries are really important, whether that be arts, metal sculptures or music, and Ulster Scots runs through the veins of all that.
May I invite the Secretary of State to come to Northern Ireland and my constituency of Strangford to observe and enjoy all that we have?
She will never see anything else like it.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman and I am very aware of the enormous contribution that the whole of Northern Ireland makes to our creative industries.
I confess that my favourite TV show in the world is “Derry Girls”, so if he can arrange for the Derry Girls to be present, I would be delighted to visit.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Small music venues such as the Frog & Fiddle in Cheltenham are part of the lifeblood of the creative industries, but the Music Venue Trust has warned that after years of economic pressures and the recent Budget, more than 350 venues are on the brink of closure.
How are the Government supporting small music venues, and what steps will they take if the voluntary levy on arena and stadium tickets is not agreed by the large venues whose participation is vital?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for that question.