As I have told the right hon.
Gentleman’s colleagues previously, we are protecting our charities, as was announced in the Budget, and I will take no lectures from the Conservatives on how to run this country.
In 2021, the UK exported £9.1 billion-worth of creative goods and £45.6 billion-worth of creative services, but we can and must do better.
May I press the Secretary of State on what she is doing to support the creative industries’ co-ordinated strategy for growth?
rose—
rose—
Which one?
Who wants it?
You can see how eager we are, Mr Speaker.
We are champing at the bit to support the creative industries.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for South Norfolk (Ben Goldsborough)  will know, we have announced  a series of measures over the last few months to support these industries, including tax credits for independent film and special effects.
We are broadening the curriculum to ensure that there is a pathway enabling young people to work in the creative industries, and we have held an international investment summit, to which the industries were central.
We will be announcing more in due course.
Council-owned arts centres in my Oxfordshire constituency, such as Cornerstone in Didcot and the Beacon in Wantage, face rising energy and staffing costs.
Given that most external funding sources do not support operating costs, will the Secretary of State press her Cabinet colleagues to back multi-year funding settlements for local government, to help art and culture to thrive?
Yes!
Since the announcement of my Sale of Tickets (Sporting and Cultural Events) Bill, which makes provision for transparency on ticket prices, I have been deluged with suggestions and support worldwide from people who do not want another Oasis-style ticket scam.
Will Ministers meet me to discuss working together on this, given the chance that on 6 December, Opposition Members’ shenanigans will sink the thing without trace?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising an issue that is so important to fans throughout the country.
The Government, including my right hon.
Friend the Business Secretary, have acted decisively in announcing a consultation in order to consider how best to put fans back at the heart of ticketing, not whether to do it.
We will say more about this imminently.
May I commend the report from the House of Lords Communications and Digital Committee, entitled “The future of news”?
It highlights the threat from the unauthorised use of news content to train AI models.
Will the Secretary of State consider, as a matter of urgency, strengthening the legislation in this area, and consider the introduction of a licensing scheme, as the report recommends?
I know that this matter is of huge concern not just to the right hon.
Gentleman but to the Chair of the Select Committee,  the hon.
Member for Gosport (Dame Caroline Dinenage) , and to many other Members.
As he knows, the Minister for Creative Industries, Arts and Tourism has responsibilities in both this Department and the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology, and has taken a keen interest in the issue.
We have read the report and are considering its recommendations, and I will shortly be in a position to update the right hon.
Gentleman on the action that the Government intend to take.
Hazlerigg Victory Club is just one of many fantastic football clubs in my constituency  that are run by local champions for the benefit of our community.
They have said that pitches are too often of poor quality, and are eye-wateringly expensive to hire.
How can we ensure that that the big Dan Burns and Grace Donnellys of the future have access to appropriate facilities?
Our Government are acutely aware that there are not enough facilities in communities in the UK to keep pace with demand.
We know that these facilities are a visible symbol of whether we value our children and young people, whether we value those communities, and whether we stand with them.