We are aware that some of the people who make the best youth workers have had those experiences.
We are very committed to working with her and her all-party parliamentary group to ensure that we get this right.
Young Devon provides essential services for young people across Devon, including supported accommodation and mental  health provision.
When I met Young Devon staff on Friday, they told me the increased employers’ national insurance contributions will cost the charity at least £90,000 just to stand still—that means 100 fewer young people counselled and eight fewer beds offered.
What conversations has the right hon.
Lady had with the Chancellor to ensure that charities such as Young Devon do not have to reduce their valuable services as a result of the Budget?
It is lovely to hear about the work that Young Devon is doing, which the hon.
Lady is supporting in her constituency.
The Under-Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Barnsley South (Stephanie Peacock) , who has responsibility for civil society, has held a number of roundtables with the sector on this issue to ensure that we are providing the right help and support.
The hon.
Lady will know that in the Budget, the Government announced plans to raise the threshold at which businesses and charities pay contributions, so that half of charities—the smaller charities—will pay either less or the same as they currently do.
Charities can also benefit from relief on employer contributions; that is worth around £6 billion a year.
This Government are taking action to protect the sector, and when we launched the civil society covenant a few weeks ago, we made it clear that we want a genuine partnership with charities.
They are welcome at the heart of Downing Street.
That is why my hon.
Friend the Minister for civil society will continue that work.
What steps she is taking to help improve the financial resilience of grassroots football clubs.
As set out following the Euro 2024 final, the Government are committed to supporting grassroots football clubs and facilities.
The Government are investing £123 million this year to deliver pitches for grassroots football across the UK.
Alongside that, the Government are supporting the Football Association’s ambition to double the number of three-star community clubs across the country.
I thank the Minister for her detailed answer, and for all the work the Government are doing to support grassroots football.
We have many grassroots football clubs in my constituency, including Nuneaton Town and Nuneaton Griff, and we understand their importance and contribution to the town.
Both clubs have struggled recently, especially in securing a ground; they have to share one with their competitors in Bedworth.
While we appreciate their hospitality, we would like to meet Ministers to talk about how to bring football home to Nuneaton.
I recognise the huge contribution to communities made by grassroots clubs such as the ones my hon.
Friend has mentioned; I have seen that at first hand in my constituency in Barnsley.
I appreciate the number of challenges those clubs face, and I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss the options available.
Grassroots football is supported by medium and large community-based football clubs, such as AFC Fylde in my constituency, Chorley FC in your constituency, Mr Speaker, and Wigan Athletic in the Secretary of State’s constituency.
Wigan sadly posted a £13 million loss for the last financial year.
How does the Secretary of State think the club can make itself more financially resilient, given the significant impact that the need to pay national insurance contributions will have on their finances?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point.
That is why we are continuing the work of the previous Government by introducing our own Football Governance Bill to hopefully put football on a sustainable footing.