The right hon.
Gentleman raises the assisted dying issues that we will discuss tomorrow.
I must say, I think it is regrettable that he has chosen this opportunity to raise those matters in such an unnecessarily political fashion.
This issue generates very emotive responses on both sides, and I hope that tomorrow’s debate will be conducted in a respectful, considerate, non-partisan and non-political manner.
He asks about time and scrutiny, which I have mentioned before.
As Leader of the House, I am very confident that the Bill will undergo sufficient scrutiny and will have sufficient time for consideration.
As I have said before from the Dispatch Box, the Government will of course implement the will of the House, whatever it may be.
And, as I have also said before, should the House choose to give the Bill its Second  Reading, the Government will of course work with the Bill’s promoter to ensure that the Bill and the policy are workable, operable and implemented.
That will mean working with the promoter on tidying up any measures where necessary.
The Department of Health and Social Care is getting to work straightaway on what the Bill will mean in terms of implementation, assessment and the documentation that the right hon.
Gentleman highlights.
Should the House decline to give the Bill its Second Reading, then of course that work would not happen.
As I have said before, after several weeks in Committee, the first opportunity for the Bill to return to the House will not be until the end of April—that is a considerable amount of time for the Government to do that work and consider the Bill further.
This year marked the 51st anniversary of the Summerland disaster on the Isle of Man, in which 50 people, including 11 children, lost their lives after a fire engulfed the Summerland leisure complex.
My constituent Valerie Daniels and her younger sister were both impacted by that horrifying tragedy.
Two young men from Warrington died in the fire.
A report into the disaster was released in the following year and catalogued a series of failures—from the design of the building to the fire safety regulations—but to date no individuals or groups have been singled out for blame for what happened.
Will my right hon.
Friend find time for a debate on the issue, so that survivors and the families of those who lost their lives can finally get justice?
I am really sorry to hear about that tragedy that affected my hon.
Friend’s constituents.
These are incredibly pertinent issues, ones that we should be debating in this House.
She might want to raise them as part of the Grenfell inquiry debate that will take place next week; if not, I am sure there will be other opportunities for her to raise them.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Yesterday marked Fuel Poverty Awareness Day, and just last week Ofgem unveiled another increase to the energy price cap for this winter—an increase of 1.2% in January 2025.
This follows a 10% rise in October and multiple occasions on which the Government have failed to prioritise energy support for this winter.
For example, the warm home discount scheme will not benefit households until 2025, and financial energy support for 1.2 million pensioners was removed under changes to the winter fuel payment.
Recent polling from the Warm This Winter campaign has found that almost half of those polled—47%—are worried about how they will stay warm this winter.
When can the House expect a statement from the Government on tackling fuel poverty this winter?
I thank the hon.
Lady for that question.
I also noticed that her leader is out on the airwaves today with a separate campaign.
I wish him well with that and hope that he is not another one-hit wonder when it comes to those issues.
We have inherited a really difficult situation when it comes to energy supplies and energy prices.
As the hon.