How are the Government supporting small music venues, and what steps will they take if the voluntary levy on arena and stadium tickets is not agreed by the large venues whose participation is vital?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for that question.
My constituency of Wigan is home to The Verve, and it is difficult to know where such a band would now cut their teeth in the industry, because many of the live music venues that they played in as an up-and-coming band have disappeared.
I very much recognise the problem that he raises.
He will know that this Government have supported the voluntary levy that the industry has backed, but if that levy is not implemented we will be forced to take action.
My hon.
Friend the Minister for Creative Industries, Arts and Tourism will be writing to the industry in those terms this week.
What recent assessment she has made of the contribution of tourism to the local economies of coastal towns.
Tourism is vital to our coastal towns, and if we are to reach our target of 50 million international visitors to the UK by 2030, we will need to do far better at improving tourism numbers in our coastal towns.
The coastal village of Skinningrove is home to a fantastic tourist asset, Land of Iron, which is the leading ironstone mining museum in the country.
I am campaigning for it to receive national status as the national ironstone mining museum.
Will Ministers consider meeting me to discuss that request, and would they like to visit?
My hon.
Friend challenges me a bit.
The Rhondda has the best mining museum in the UK, but I am prepared to concede that in England he might be right.
But there is an important point: our mining heritage is part of understanding the country that we have been, and the country that we can be in future.
I am very happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
Arts Council England has a specific way of giving a national name to museums, and that is one thing that he might want to apply to it for.
Tourism and hospitality contributes more than £500 million and a fifth of all jobs in North West Norfolk.
Why are the Government hitting those businesses with higher business rates and a jobs tax?
It would be good, would it not, to have an NHS that works in this country.
It would be good to have an economy that works, trains that run on time, and a country that functions so that when tourists come here they have a good experience, rather than sitting on a platform waiting for a train that never turns up on time.
I am determined to ensure that we get to 50 million visitors to the United Kingdom.
Last year, we had just 38 million visitors.
If we are to secure that increase we must have a country that welcomes tourists to every part of the country, not just London and the south-east.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Budget has created a perfect storm for hospitality and tourism businesses across the country.
UKHospitality is sounding the alarm, saying that the Budget is a “blow” for the tourism and hospitality sectors.
According to the Minister’s impact assessment, how many jobs will be created as a result of lowering the national insurance threshold, and how many businesses will close, as we suspect they will?
What does his impact assessment tell him will be the impact on ethnic minority communities, women, and those with disabilities for whom the tourism and hospitality sector is a huge employer?
Will he tell the House whether he even has an impact assessment for one of the most damaging and regressive taxes that we will ever see?
With that list of questions, I think the shadow Minister needs a debate.