I thank my hon.
Friend for her answer.
Hon.
Members will have noted the progress that has been made on a ceasefire in Lebanon, but, as she has just mentioned, without a ceasefire in Gaza the £3.4 million that has been allocated to the Al-Ahli hospital by the UN Development Programme will not be spent.
Given the scale of the humanitarian crisis, the desperate need for medical aid and the onset of winter, that is likely to lead to further suffering and a greater number of deaths.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
We all welcome the ceasefire arrangements between Israel and Lebanon, but we need a ceasefire in Gaza.
The community in northern Gaza is reliant on the Anglican Al-Ahli hospital for much of its healthcare.
The hospital is seeing more than 1,000 emergency patients a day, and has to use the library and historic church as wards, given that the rest of the hospital has been largely destroyed by the Israeli forces.
A ceasefire is essential, but we also need humanitarian aid to get in, as well as vital medical supplies, fuel and other resources, so that the rebuilding of infrastructure can begin.
We know that there are huge challenges in relation to access being given at checkpoints in Gaza.
Will the Leader of the House give us the forthcoming business?
The business for the week commencing  2 December  includes:
Monday 2 December —General debate on the Grenfell Tower inquiry phase 2 report.
Tuesday 3 December —Second Reading of the National Insurance Contributions (Secondary Class 1 Contributions) Bill.
Wednesday 4 December —Opposition day (4th allotted day).
Debate on a motion in the name of the official Opposition, subject to be announced.
Thursday 5 December —Debate on a motion on detained British nationals abroad, followed by a general debate on improving public transport.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 6 December —Private Members’ Bills.
The provisional business for the week commencing  9 December  will include:
Monday 9 December —Remaining stages of the Terrorism (Protection of Premises) Bill.
Tuesday 10 December —Committee of the whole House on the Finance Bill (day 1).
Wednesday 11 December —Committee of the whole House on the Finance Bill (day 2).
Thursday 12 December —General debate on Lord Etherton’s independent review into the treatment of LGBT veterans, followed by a debate on a motion on the performance of the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency.
The subject for this debate was determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 13 December —The House will not be sitting.
I am sure that the whole House will want to join me in wishing a very happy Thanksgiving day to all our American friends and family, and a happy big birthday today to the Clerk: the Joe Root of the parliamentary estate.
Huge thanks to him for his stylish and expert first century—half-century, I should say!
Mr Speaker, a man of your wide culture and extensive learning will doubtless be familiar with the film “Mad Max”.
I am no expert, but the image that it conjures up of a desolate, chaotic landscape with wreckage strewn everywhere is the perfect metaphor for the Government’s recent Budget.
Let us take hospices, for example.
In Herefordshire, we are blessed to have the extraordinary St Michael’s hospice.
St Michael’s supports hundreds of in-patients a year with end of life care, and thousands more as out-patients and with visits in the community.
It has a dedicated staff, assisted by some 800 volunteers.
This is extraordinary.
I shudder to think what it would cost the state to provide that kind and quality of care—certainly more than £20 million a year.
What has this Labour Budget done to St Michael’s hospice?
The changes to national insurance alone will cost the hospice an extra £250,000 next year, but that is only part of it.