Gentleman probably knows, the scheme has paid out £317 million since it was introduced in 2001 by the former Prime Minister Gordon Brown, and has assisted over 13,000 places.
The scheme currently receives around 7,000 applications per annum and has a budget of £42 million.
The Department for Culture, Media and Sport has assessed the scheme on numerous occasions.
It delivers the fairest possible system of making grants.
St Andrew’s parish church and Holy Trinity church in my constituency are both listed buildings that provide vital community services.
The former is saving for a heat pump and the latter for a new roof.
They were hoping to use the listed places of worship grant scheme to undertake the work, but because the scheme is due to expire next year, their future is uncertain.
Will my hon.
Friend join me in thanking the many churches across the UK and Kettering for the work that they do to serve our communities?
What plans are there for the future of the scheme?
My hon.
Friend is a strong advocate for the churches in her constituency.
I am pleased to hear her mention that St Andrew’s church is upgrading its heating system; hopefully, it will benefit from some funding from the listed places of worship grant scheme.
As I am sure will be said again in this question session, the scheme makes a huge difference to churches.
Many have to do a lot of fundraising in their communities, but being able to rely on the scheme helps to cover some of the costs.
What steps the Church is taking to mitigate the impact of the potential withdrawal of the listed places of worship grant scheme in March 2025.
What recent discussions the Church has had with the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport on whether the listed places of worship grant scheme will continue after March 2025.
The listed places of worship grant scheme, which is clearly dominating questions today, enables VAT to be refunded for repairs to our oldest and most precious churches and religious buildings.
Without access to the scheme, parishes will find it harder to fund essential repairs, and they will have to spend more time on fundraising and less time on the needs of their local communities.
I understand that the Bishop of Bristol and the National Churches Trust have written to my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport to ask for a meeting.
I hope that my right hon.
Friend will meet them in the near future, as time is of the essence.
In rural areas like the Weald of Kent, our churches are vital public buildings, providing somewhere not just for the spiritual life of our villages and towns, but for their civic life.
Given the impending withdrawal of the listed places of worship grant scheme, what is being done to support churches like St Mildred’s in Tenterden?
It plays a vital role in the town, especially now that the town hall is closed for refurbishment, and it relies on the scheme to make essential repairs.
The hon.
Lady has spoken about the importance of the scheme, but will it be extended?
As the hon.
Lady will agree, I am not the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, so I cannot give her a decision on that.
However, she rightly highlights the vital role that churches play as a cornerstone of all our communities, up and down the country, alongside their role of providing community  and spiritual leadership.
Like her, I hope that the scheme will continue.
I congratulate her and her colleagues on writing to the Secretary of State, and I hope they will get a response in the near future.
On Bedfordshire Day, I want to put on record my appreciation for everyone who works so hard in our county to make it such a wonderful place.