If anyone wants evidence of what a Labour Government can do, they need look no further than the mineworkers’ pension scheme.
Within weeks of coming into office, the scheme got £1.5 billion returned, which has made a huge difference to nearly 1,000 of my constituents.
Yet the British coal staff superannuation scheme, which is subject to similar arrangements, has not seen such a return of funds.
Could we have a debate in Government time to get to the bottom of this crucial issue?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
One of the Government’s proudest achievements since the election is following through on their commitment to transfer the mineworkers’ pension scheme and all the benefits that it has brought to constituents such as hers.
I will raise the issue of the British coal staff superannuation scheme, and I will ensure that she gets a full reply.
Earlier this week, along with Members across the House, I attended the drop-in session organised by the Royal National Institute of Blind People.
One of the stands at the session outlined the difficulties that blind and partially sighted people have in exercising their vote on election day.
Will the Leader of the House find time for a debate on how blind, partially sighted and other disabled people are able to exercise their vote?
Much work has been done in recent years, but there is still more to do.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising the accessibility of elections, especially for those with visual impairment or who are blind.
It is a really important matter.
I know that many of those in this House with disabilities find it difficult to vote here, as well—it gets raised with me often.
We have Housing, Communities and Local Government questions coming up next week, and I would encourage the hon.
Gentleman to raise this matter then.
For many new Members, tomorrow is the first time we will debate a private Member’s Bill.
Together with other MPs, I have tabled a reasoned amendment that calls for an independent review and public consultation before the Bill should return to this House for further debate.
Will my right hon.
Friend explain to the House when a reasoned amendment, if  selected, will be considered, and reassure the House that this would not impact the time available for tomorrow’s important debate?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question, which she and I have discussed in private as well.
As we discussed, amendments on Second Reading, while called reasoned amendments, do open with, “We decline to give this Bill a Second Reading”; should the amendment be selected, that would mean that the Second Reading debate and vote would not proceed.
As I said to the shadow Leader of the House, I say gently to my hon.
Friend that, as I have said a number of times now at this Dispatch Box, should the Bill pass Second Reading, the Government will work with the sponsoring Member, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Spen Valley (Kim Leadbeater) , to ensure that the Bill is operable and implementable, and that it will be implemented should the House wish it.
That work will begin in earnest after Second Reading.
Should the Bill not pass Second Reading, that work would not happen at all.
I think hon.
Members should consider that when considering the principles of the Bill, and not get too bogged down in some of the process.
First, I thank  the hon.
Member for Rochdale (Paul Waugh)  for raising the issue of epilepsy.
It is particularly important to me, as many years ago, I woke up in hospital, having had a seizure in my sleep.
I know how life-changing it can be.
In October, as the Leader of the House may remember, I raised the issue of half a million British pensioners overseas whose pensions have been frozen.