Right now, the spiritual leader of the International Society for Krishna Consciousness—it runs Bhaktivedanta Manor in Elstree, the largest Hindu temple in this country—is under arrest in Bangladesh, and Hindus across Bangladesh are being subjected to death, with their houses and temples being burnt.
There was today  an attempt in Bangladesh’s High Court to rule that ISKCON should be banned from the country, which is a direct attack on Hindus.
There is now a threat from India to take action, and we have a responsibility because we enabled Bangladesh to be free and independent.
Whatever the change of Government has been in Bangladesh, it cannot be acceptable that religious minorities are persecuted in this way.
So far we have had only a written statement from the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office.
Could the Leader of the House arrange an oral statement on the Floor of the House so that we can bring to the world’s attention what is going on in Bangladesh?
I thank the hon.
Member for that, and I hope he had a good time in Manchester.
I do not know whether he was there for the football, but I was at the Man City game on Saturday—the less said about that, the better.
If he is looking for the allocation of time for future business, he should please not mention the Tottenham game to me ever again, thank you very much.
The hon.
Member raises an important matter, which was also raised with me on a previous occasion by  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon) .
We have such a debate today, albeit about Pakistan, and he is absolutely right to highlight these issues.
We support freedom of religion or belief everywhere, and that includes in Bangladesh.
I will certainly ask Foreign Office Ministers to look at coming forward with a statement about what is happening to Hindus in Bangladesh.
My constituent Amir Khan’s beloved daughter Sanna was in her first year at university when she died in her sleep from sudden unexpected death in epilepsy, also known as SUDEP.
Ten people every week die of SUDEP, many of them young people, yet with the right research and more public awareness, this number could be reduced.
Will the Leader of the House allocate time for a debate on this under-reported issue, to give some comfort to families such as Mr Khan’s?
My hon.
Friend raises an important issue that has been brought to him by his constituents, and may I send my condolences to Sanna’s family and friends?
I did not realise quite how many people were affected by SUDEP, and I think this would make a really good Adjournment debate.
The Government are committed to supporting people with epilepsy and their families, but I think he should consider a further debate to highlight these issues.
Members may recall that large parts of Northamptonshire and Bedfordshire were flooded after heavy rainfall in September, including Grendon in my constituency.
Will the Leader of the House ask the Environment Secretary to make a statement to the House on when local authorities can expect to receive the extra funding to aid recovery that he promised when he visited my area, given that in the meantime, with Storm Bert, areas such as Bugbrooke in my constituency have been flooded severely again?
I know that the hon.
Member has raised the issue of flooding in her constituency before.
I was really pleased that the Environment Secretary came to  the House on Monday to give a flooding update to the whole House.
If she was in attendance at that statement, she would have heard about the very challenging circumstances of our flood defences that we inherited from the previous Government.
We are taking quick action to establish the flood resilience taskforce and to put in extra resources for additional flooding support, but I will ensure that he has heard what she has asked.