Friend confirm whether Church-owned hospices will work with independent hospices and other organisations to mitigate the potential impact of the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Bill, and to issue a statement from across the sector?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question on this incredibly important issue.
I refer her to my previous answers, but it is also worth highlighting that, in recent years, the General Synod of the Church of England has twice voted by large majorities against changing the law on assisted suicide.
The Association for Palliative Medicine and Hospice UK, to which most chaplains and Church-owned hospices are affiliated, remain opposed to any change in the law.
The sector is particularly concerned about the funding challenges such a change would bring, as was highlighted in a Select Committee report.
The report showed that funding for palliative care services fell by almost 5% in countries such as the Netherlands, Belgium and Luxembourg, where legalised assisted dying is in place, compared with a 25% increase in countries where it has not been legalised.
Does the Church Commissioner agree that hospices are about comforting the dying and surrounding them with care?
Is that not the very antithesis of the state involving itself in sanctioning and assisting suicide?
If we think back to the founder of hospice care, it was founded on the principles of faith and Jesus Christ.
It is only right that those principles of care and compassion ring true in ensuring that hospice care is there for those who need it.
The very ethos of Church-owned hospices is the sanctity of life, on which the Bible is very clear.
Church-owned hospices will reflect that in what they do.
Does the Church Commissioner share my concern about the potential conflict that could arise between Church-owned hospices and this House following the outcome of tomorrow’s debate on the assisted dying Bill?
Does she share my concern about the sanctity of life and agree with me about the importance of making sure that we keep people alive?
Hospices and palliative care play an important role in end of life care.
I believe that we need to fund those services properly before we consider moving towards legislating for assisted dying.
What steps the Church is taking to preserve historic places of worship.
What progress the Church Commissioners have made on reducing the backlog of works to restore parish churches and cathedrals.
The national Church institutions have invested £11 million in the Buildings for Mission fund, which provides money for repairs, specialist advice and grants to parishes of up to £12,000 for small-scale urgent work.
Buildings for Mission can also be used to pay for essential improvements to church missions and ministries, such disability access, toilets or even a community kitchen.
My constituency is home to many historic churches that continue to be much loved by their communities.
They include St John’s church in Bromsgrove, which dates from 12th century but was predominantly constructed in the 14th and 15th centuries.
The church has had to raise many hundreds of thousands of pounds for the upkeep and maintenance of its spire.
Key to that is the listed places of worship grant scheme.
What conversations have taken place between the Government and the Church regarding the preservation of that scheme?
St John’s church in Bromsgrove is a perfect example because, having raised the funds, it is preparing to undertake urgent work to its spire, with an anticipated project cost of roughly £452,000, but it could reclaim around £90,000 through the listed places of worship grant.
As the hon.
Gentleman probably knows, the scheme has paid out £317 million since it was introduced in 2001 by the former Prime Minister Gordon Brown, and has assisted over 13,000 places.
The scheme currently receives around 7,000 applications per annum and has a budget of £42 million.
The Department for Culture, Media and Sport has assessed the scheme on numerous occasions.