I wish him well with that and hope that he is not another one-hit wonder when it comes to those issues.
We have inherited a really difficult situation when it comes to energy supplies and energy prices.
As the hon.
Lady knows, the energy price cap is set by Ofgem, and reflects its consideration of how energy was bought a few months ago.
We are taking this issue incredibly  seriously, which is why we have a plan to get to net zero by 2030.
It is only by switching our energy supplies to renewables that we will be able to bring prices down for longer and have the energy security we so desperately need.
The hon.
Lady asked about the situation this winter, particularly for pensioners and others.
She will know that there is the £150 warm home discount, as well as cold weather payments that will get triggered.
We have extended the £1 billion household support fund into this winter; that payment of either £150 or £200 is now being made in places such as Manchester to those on council tax support, so just above the pension credit threshold.
We have also seen the biggest ever increase in the number of people applying for pension credit, so we are taking action.
We will support people this winter, but more importantly, we will take the long-term action that we need to get our energy bills lower.
Liverpool women’s hospital in my constituency offers the only specialist gynaecology and maternity services in the country, yet those services are under threat due to the NHS case for change.
Will the Leader of the House grant a debate in Government time to consider the necessity of retaining those specialist services at the current Crown Street site?
I am very familiar with the important services in my hon.
Friend’s Liverpool constituency that she describes.
The hospital programme we inherited from the previous Government was a work of fiction, and we are determined to make sure that any commitments around local hospital services are both deliverable and fundable.
That is what we are setting out to do, but I will certainly make sure that the Health Secretary has heard my hon.
Friend’s plea today, and that she gets a full reply about her local hospital.
I call the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee.
I thoroughly enjoyed my visit to the Leader of the House’s native city on Saturday night, and I thank her club for the hospitality of allowing us to score four goals with none in return.
By the way, that makes a net aggregate of seven to nil across our visits to Manchester.
On behalf of the Backbench Business Committee, I thank the Leader of the House for announcing the business for the Chamber.
In addition, if we are granted  Thursday 19 December , that will be a full day’s debate on the Christmas recess Adjournment.
In Westminster Hall next Tuesday we will debate the domestic production of critical minerals, and on Thursday we will debate pelvic mesh and the Cumberlege review, and then there will be a further debate on the financial sustainability of higher education.
In addition, Mr Speaker, with your agreement, on  Tuesday 10 December  there will be a debate on rare autoimmune rheumatic disease.
Right now, the spiritual leader of the International Society for Krishna Consciousness—it runs Bhaktivedanta Manor in Elstree, the largest Hindu temple in this country—is under arrest in Bangladesh, and Hindus across Bangladesh are being subjected to death, with their houses and temples being burnt.
There was today  an attempt in Bangladesh’s High Court to rule that ISKCON should be banned from the country, which is a direct attack on Hindus.
There is now a threat from India to take action, and we have a responsibility because we enabled Bangladesh to be free and independent.