I shudder to think what it would cost the state to provide that kind and quality of care—certainly more than £20 million a year.
What has this Labour Budget done to St Michael’s hospice?
The changes to national insurance alone will cost the hospice an extra £250,000 next year, but that is only part of it.
At the same time, the Budget has directly and indirectly pushed  up the wage bill by a further £450,000.
That is £700,000 annually in extra costs—a vast amount for an organisation that offers incredible care, and actually saves the NHS £20 million a year.
Hospices in almost every constituency will be affected, and so are the interests of almost every colleague in this House.
This disastrous outcome was clearly never intended by the Treasury.
It is another completely unnecessary blunder with potentially tragic consequences.
As with GPs, pharmacies and mental health and social care charities, no compensation whatsoever has been offered for this tax raid.
When will the Government publish a proper impact assessment and explain why none has been offered?
There is a direct link here to the issue of assisted dying.
In the words of the Health Secretary, no less,
“I do not think that palliative care, end-of-life care in this country is in a condition yet where we are giving people the freedom to choose, without being coerced by the lack of support available.”
That care is now being deliberately worsened by his own Chancellor.
Personally, I feel strongly pulled in both directions by both sides, but one thing no one can be in any doubt about is that the Government have no business trying to rush this legislation through the House by proxy.
The text of the Bill was published barely two weeks prior to our vote tomorrow.
No impact assessment or legal issues analysis have been published.
Far from public debate preceding legislation, legislation has preceded debate.
That is completely the wrong way around.
We can be perfectly clear about this.
All Members  of Parliament were recently sent a dossier by the  promoter of the Bill entitled, “Your questions answered”.
Unfortunately, far from answering key questions, the dossier fails even to touch on a whole series of important issues.
Those include the Bill’s impact on the medical profession and the relationship between medical staff and patients, its impact on the provision and regulation of the different drugs and drug cocktails required, the record to date and protocols to be used in case an initial attempt at assisted dying fails, and what the inevitable for-profit industry exploiting the new law will look like and how we should feel about it.
As the senior judge Sir James Munby highlighted, there are a host of questions about involving the judiciary in the process and the balance of probabilities test for coercion.
Most profoundly of all, there is the question of what choice and dignity actually mean in different contexts.
None of those matters is even mentioned in the dossier purporting to give the answers.
Whatever one feels about the issue of assisted dying itself—as I say, I feel very pulled in both directions—this absence of debate, especially with so many new Members in the House, is a matter of the gravest public concern.
As the House well knows, the Government themselves are all over the place on the issue.
In asking for an assessment of the Bill’s likely impact on the NHS, the Health Secretary was doing exactly the right thing: preparing civil servants and clinicians for what could be a huge change and asking them to look at a crucial question that has not even been addressed, let alone properly answered.