The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point.
That is why we are continuing the work of the previous Government by introducing our own Football Governance Bill to hopefully put football on a sustainable footing.
Kettering Town FC are currently the leading FA cup goal scorers, and are in the second round of the men’s FA cup on Sunday.
Will the Minister join me in wishing the Poppies the very best of luck in that game?
What steps is she taking to improve the financial resilience of local clubs such as Kettering Town FC?
I will of course put on record that I wish the team good luck and send them my huge thanks and congratulations.
The work that we are doing to support grassroots football, through our multi-sport grassroots facilities programme, will hopefully grow the grassroots game.
The Minister will be aware that there is a sub-regional stadia strategy in Northern Ireland.
Will she have discussions with my colleague, the Minister for Communities in Northern Ireland, to see what assistance, information and additional resources can be deployed to ensure there is widespread development of grassroots football in Northern Ireland?
I have previously had discussions with my counterpart in Northern Ireland and I will be delighted to do so again.
I am hoping to visit Northern Ireland in the coming months.
What steps her Department is taking to help support community groups to secure listed status for buildings.
Historic England assesses applications for listing.
I want that process to be as simple as possible for community groups up and down the land, so they can steer a balance between preserving what is truly valuable and leaving communities with decaying, listed eyesores.
In Long Stratton, there is a beloved former local authority building called South Norfolk House.
It has won numerous awards for its innovative architecture and its ahead-of-its-time design focus on energy efficiency, but it has been refused listed status.
This could be a fantastic community asset for the town; it could be an arts hub.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss its future?
I am very happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
I always have to be a little bit careful about decisions that might end up coming to me, in case I have queered the pitch.
I pay tribute to Councillor Race, who has spent a great deal of time on this matter.
Many community groups up and down the land have tried to do precisely the same thing: bring a historical building back into community use.
Obviously, we want to support that wherever possible, where it is sustainable in the long term.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
My Department is firing on all cylinders.
In the last few weeks, we have launched the national youth strategy; introduced the Football Governance Bill; appointed Baroness Shriti Videra to chair the Creative Industries Council; and launched two new creative clusters, in Birmingham and Liverpool.
Also, yesterday I announced a levy to tackle harmful gambling.
Sports clubs in my constituency such as Shipston rugby club and Stratford sports club are doing fantastic work with young people, but for rural constituencies like Stratford-on-Avon, where sports play a vital role in youth engagement, the impact of extreme weather events means that many sports clubs consistently lose access to their facilities due to flooding throughout the year.
Will the Secretary of State confirm whether the new youth strategy will consider the challenges posed by the climate on youth sports activities?
The hon.
Lady will know that for young people in particular, the climate crisis is an enormous priority.
As she knows, we have announced that we are co-producing and creating the national youth strategy with young people.
I would be amazed if the impact of climate change on the things that matter most to them is not an essential part of that strategy.