Friend on all the wonderful work taking place in her constituency.
Churches together groups do a fantastic job in tackling the scourge of isolation and loneliness.
There are other projects that started recently to support parishes with the physical accessibility of their buildings, including church halls and other facilities.
Without the LPW grant scheme, the adaptation of some of our most historic churches would be harder to deliver at pace.
What steps the Church is taking to ensure the preservation of historic churches in Northumberland.
The historic churches of Northumberland are among the oldest and most architecturally significant in our country.
Any church can apply for support from the £11 million Buildings for Mission fund.
The diocese of Newcastle is very grateful for the support of the Northumbria Historic Churches Trust and other local grant-making bodies.
My hon.
Friend may also want to encourage his parishes to approach some of these excellent charities.
St Mary’s Church in Woodhorn in my constituency has not been in operation for worship since 1973.
It is one of the oldest, most historic churches in Northumberland, if not the country.
It is under the care of Northumberland county council now, but it is in a dilapidated state.
Can my hon.
Friend give me some advice on who I can contact within the Church to see whether it can support the church to ensure that it is part not just of the history of our wonderful county, but of its future?
My hon.
Friend rightly highlights that St Mary’s church in his constituency is one of the oldest, and it is a charming example of wonderful architecture.
I understand some of the challenges that he mentions, as the church has been closed for a long period of time.
It would be wonderful to see churches such as that reopen—we would all like to see churches open as opposed to closed, as many of them are.
As a grade I listed building on the National Heritage List for England, it is eligible for grants for repairs and renovations.
I am happy to write to my hon.
Friend with a list of grant-making bodies.
I will ask Church House for further advice on who he can speak to, as well as working together to see whether we can get his church reopened.
It is not just in Northumberland where there are many historic churches.
The village of Ashby cum Fenby in my constituency has recently shown that the local community will come together to support their local church, but vital to that is leadership.
With priests spread throughout so many different parishes, it becomes more and more difficult to provide that leadership.
Can the hon.
Lady give an assurance that the Church will do all it can to ensure that our smaller villages are not neglected, and that there are regular services and leadership by the ordained priest?
There is only a tenuous link there, so good luck with that.
I agree with you, Mr Speaker, but I congratulate the hon.
Member on trying so diligently on that question.
What I will say is that I will happily write to him with a response to that, if that is okay.
What assessment the Church has made of the effectiveness of the Anglican Al-Ahli hospital in Gaza.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for turning our attention to Gaza.
Only 12 of Gaza’s 36 hospital are still in operation, offering mainly basic care.
The Anglican-run Al-Ahli hospital has remained operational despite facing huge difficulties, thanks to   the dedication of its hard-working staff and the leadership of its director, Suhaila Tarazi.
Last week, it was announced that the hospital is to receive £3.4 million of support from the UN Development Programme as well as the Palestinian American Medical Association, but this vital work cannot begin without an immediate ceasefire and a pathway to peace.
I thank my hon.
Friend for her answer.
Hon.