Just to let Members know, it is the birthday of the Clerk of the House, who is 50 today.
Happy birthday, Tom.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps her Department is taking to help support the creative industries.
What steps her Department is taking to help support the creative industries.
What steps her Department is taking to help support the creative industries.
This Government are prioritising the growth of our creative industries, which are vital to our economy and showcase the best of creativity and culture.
In the last few days alone, I have been pleased to announce £13.5 million of funding for two new clusters in Liverpool and the west midlands.
I thank the Secretary of State for her answer, and I just want to expand on it.
In South Derbyshire, we have the Melbourne festival of art and architecture, which turns 20 next September, and the brilliant CircularityHUB, where people of all abilities can go to use the media studio.
However, when it comes to young people wanting careers in the creative industries, what more can this Government do so that we can thrive in these industries at home, not have to get out to get on.
I am aware of the huge ambition that my hon.
Friend has for South Derbyshire, and the contribution that its people can make to our arts and culture and creative industries.
This Government are supporting those aspirations with a £3 million expansion of the creative careers programme, so that young people can find those jobs and get access to those opportunities.
With the Education Secretary, we are reviewing the curriculum to put arts and music back at the heart of the national curriculum, where it belongs.
Many individual artists in places such as Leigh and Atherton have great difficulty in accessing funding streams.
In many cases, the trickle-down from larger institutions does not work and holds back creative growth.
Can the Secretary of State outline how funding will reach grassroots artists, empowering them to thrive and play a central role in growing our local economy?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question.
She has done amazing work over the years with the Leigh Film Society and other thriving organisations that are leading the way.
From the conversations she and I have had, I am well aware of the importance of grassroots societies and venues in places such as Leigh and Wigan, and we are determined to put rocket boosters under them.
We are already working on supporting grassroots music venues and supporting voluntary action around a levy.
In addition, we are helping to channel funding to those smaller organisations so that they can create the pipeline of talent that enables people from places such as Leigh to go on and make a national impact.
“Vengeance Most Fowl” is not just what the public inflicted on the Conservative party at the general election.
It is also the name of the Aardman Animations Wallace and Gromit film coming out soon, which will be shown on the BBC on Christmas day and on Netflix around the world.
What are the Secretary of State and her wonderful team doing to promote animation not just across the west of England and in my constituency, but across the UK, so that it can get to even better and greater heights in the future?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question, and I am very happy to be the Gromit to his Wallace.
This Government have already announced new tax reliefs for British films and special effects, but we are determined to do more.
I know that, as the Mayor, he has championed this issue across his region.
We are working closely with Mayors and local councils to put rocket boosters under their local growth plans, so that whether it is animation, music, arts, sport or creativity, we ensure that every part of the country benefits from its success.