assailant, even while unarmed, to stop, attempting to deescalate the situation and fervently insisting that he not act on his impulses and harm the family. At this, the man turned his weapon on Manuel, placing him directly in the line of fire, and instructed him to return to his home and stay out of it--yet Manuel refused to back down. Running back to his home, he grabbed his own gun, and quickly returned outside to help. However, in that short amount of time, the assailant managed to shatter the car window and force his way inside the car with the family. In seeing this, Manuel immediately stepped in to subdue him, once more placing himself in harm's way in the hopes of disarming the shooter. Refusing to drop his firearm, the man turned the gun on Manuel once more, firing at him and hitting him in the left shoulder and chest, shattering his clavicle and causing severe blood loss. Despite being shot at two more times, Manuel held his ground, ready to protect the mother and her children as the shooter fled the scene. It took one instant and Manuel single-handedly changed the course of events in the lives of a mother and her four children, choosing selflessly to place their wellbeing before his own. Manuel narrowly escaped the ordeal with his life, with his heart stopping a total of 3 times mid-emergency surgery and requiring over 30 liters of transfusions. Though he faces a long road to recovery and subsequent surgeries, Manuel maintains that he would do it all over again if necessary. Since his successful discharge from the hospital, the community of Ave Maria has coalesced in a show of solidarity and pride around him, offering their prayers and support. Manuel Milanes is the preeminent example of the very kind-hearted, God-fearing and freedom-loving immigrant our country has long thrived as a result of. Originally from Cuba, Manuel made the United States his home in 2017 after living in the Dominican Republic, where he met his loving wife, Kenia Rodriguez. Together, they set down roots in the Ave Maria community, building a family and a successful business. He notes that it is his Christian faith that has guided him in choosing a business that serves others, while also providing generously for the families of his 50 employees. Beyond his business pursuits, Manuel is a passionate anti-communist freedom fighter who has never forgotten his Cuban roots or the mission