Will the Secretary of State fight to reverse that damaging cut and help restore victims’ confidence in the criminal justice system?
The hon.
Gentleman will be aware of the difficult fiscal inheritance for this Government, and that we have had to make some difficult choices.
We received a good settlement from the Treasury at the last Budget, but it is not without its challenges, given the high demand in our system.
He will know that we have protected funding for victims of violence against women and girls, including rape and sexual offences.
We have sought to protect the most vulnerable victims when making decisions on our victims funding packages.
What steps her Department is taking to ensure that people convicted of charges related to grooming gangs receive adequate sentences.
The right hon.
Member raises a very important point on these heinous gangs and the crimes that they commit.
The 20 recommendations made by Alexis Jay in her independent inquiry on child sexual abuse were ignored for far too long.
The Government are working at pace to respond to them.
We will also legislate to make grooming an aggravating factor in the sentencing of child sexual offences, ensuring that the punishment fits these horrific crimes.
As in Bradford last week, where more of the grooming gangsters, largely of Pakistani origin, who raped white girls there and elsewhere were sentenced, the paucity of the Home Secretary’s audit, whereby authorities mark their own homework, was made clear.
Will the Justice Secretary agree to a wide-ranging review of these matters with statutory powers?
Surely those whose lives have been ruined, and those whose lives may yet be ruined, deserve more than the weak reticence of people with power who refuse to face the facts.
I hope that the right hon.
Gentleman and I have a shared objective in making it clear that there is a desire in all parts of the House to ensure that we face the full facts and that the victims of these heinous crimes receive the justice they deserve.
I am sorry to hear that there are concerns in Bradford about the audit ordered by the Home Secretary; I will ensure that they are passed on to the Home Secretary, because, as the right hon.
Gentleman will know, these matters fall directly within the purview of the Home Department.
What assessment she has made of the effectiveness of the youth justice system in preventing reoffending.
The number of children in custody has fallen significantly over the last decade, but those who are detained are now a more complex and violent cohort.
Our turnaround programme provides funds that enable youth offending teams to intervene early to address child offending.
Only 5% of children who completed such interventions received convictions in the first year of the programme, but we are continuing to take stock of what more can be done.
Last week, tragically, 12-year-old Leo Ross was stabbed to death in Birmingham as he was returning home from school.
His 14-year-old killer had been arrested several times for violent offences in the months running up to the killing.
Can the Minister tell me what the Government are doing to reform the youth justice system to address and prevent the knife crime among our young people that is resulting in terrible tragedies like the one we saw last week?
I am deeply saddened by this tragic crime, and my thoughts and, I am sure, those of everyone else go to the family of Leo Ross.
Such horrific events underline just how important it is to deliver our manifesto commitment to ensure that every young person caught in possession of a knife is referred to a youth offending team and that appropriate action is taken.
We   are also piloting a new, more robust form of community punishment for children, involving mandatory GPS monitoring and intensive supervision.
What steps she is taking to reduce processing times for deputyship applications by the Court of Protection.