Member—he speaks with real experience and authority on these matters, and he raises an important and reasonable question.
Yes, I am happy to give him that assurance; I work incredibly closely with both counter-terrorism police and operational partners on a daily basis.
Of course, we look at these things very closely and keep  them under review, and if we think that we need to change the balance in any particular area, we will not hesitate to do so.
If the Security Minister thinks that there is not two-tier policing in this country, then quite frankly, he needs to get out more.
This report states that anybody who calls out two-tier policing is a far-right extremist and that grooming and rape gangs are an “alleged” problem.
Does the Minister agree?
The point I was seeking to make earlier, which I am happy to reiterate to the hon.
Member, is about the importance that we on the Labour Benches attach to supporting the police.
We think that the police do an incredibly difficult job, and while the hon.
Member might think that I need to get out a bit more, perhaps he might consider spending a bit of time with police officers on the beat in his constituency and in his area.
If he were to do so, I am quite confident that he would see that they are exceptional people doing difficult work under difficult circumstances.
There is a real risk that seeking to progress this narrative undermines the important work of the police.
It is good to see the Minister at the Dispatch Box to distance himself from the conclusions of a report commissioned by his Department, but reports do not leak themselves.
Why does he think that whoever leaked this does not agree with him that there is “Nothing to see here”?
Ultimately, that is a matter for the leaker, but as I have said, it is standard procedure in circumstances such as this for the Cabinet Office to initiate a leak inquiry.
I think that would be the right course of action under these circumstances, so if I were the leaker, I would not be too comfortable at the moment.
In drawing up a policy, the Minister needs to consult with representatives of all communities, particularly those suffering the worst attacks by the far right in Britain, so can he assure us that he will be meeting the Muslim Council of Britain and other Muslim organisations, and that the policy of non-co-operation with the MCB has been brought to an end, despite statements by his office that there was no plan to do so?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right that the Government have a responsibility to consult with all communities.
Of course, that work is shared across Government, which is why we work very closely with other Departments, not least the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government, which is progressing its own bits of work on all this.
On his specific point about liaison, there is not a change to the Government policy with regard to that.
Can the Minister explain why the review appears to focus on the symptoms of extremism rather than its underlying root causes?
Can he assure the House that that mindset is not directing policy in the Home Office?
I can assure the hon.
Member that the mindset that directs policy in the Home Office is what the Home Secretary and I think is in our national interest.
The Home Secretary and I will use every tool and every lever at our disposal to ensure we keep the public safe.
That is what we get out of bed every morning to do, and that is what we will continue to do.
I trust the Minister will agree that terrorism in all its forms is always deserving only of punishment and repudiation, never of glorification, particularly by political leaders.