We believe that much more can be achieved through the increased use of AI and other digital technology to speed up some of the paper processes that create delays across the criminal justice system.
As chair of the Criminal Justice Board, I have asked for a cross-system criminal justice response on this and I will update the House in due course.
No doubt we all agree that preventable deaths should be prevented, and tragedies like Hillsborough and Grenfell must not be repeated because we fail to make changes, so what consideration has the Secretary of State given to creating a national oversight mechanism to ensure that lessons are learned from every state-related death?
The Government will shortly be publishing the Bill that campaigners refer to as the Hillsborough law, which will reflect issues relating to the duty of candour, which this Government are committed to, and I know that campaigners are making representations to the Home Office on the national oversight mechanism that it is currently considering.
Can the Secretary of State explain to the House in what circumstances the police and the Crown Prosecution Service are allowed to deny access to evidence, after a trial has concluded, to a defence lawyer who is seeking to appeal, as has happened in the Lucy Letby case and, I believe, in others?
The right hon.
Gentleman will appreciate that, as Justice Secretary, I am not able to interfere in any independent decisions made by the police or the Crown Prosecution Service, but he has made his point and I will ensure that it is dealt with by the appropriate individuals—either the Home Secretary or the head of the CPS.
There are serious questions about the transparency of the police, the CPS and the Government in the days and weeks following the Southport attack.
In written answers to me, the  Government have refused to provide the dates when the Prime Minister was told that Rudakubana possessed ricin and an al-Qaeda training manual.
Can the Justice Secretary tell me why?
The Prime Minister has responded to the other questions that have been raised.
The appropriate information was made available at the appropriate time to either the Prime Minister or the Home Secretary.
It was right that the Government did not give any commentary that could have collapsed the trial.
On the specific charge relating to ricin, that decision required Law Officer approval, which was sought and immediately given.
I know that the Justice Secretary is aware of the tragic case of my constituent Sara Sharif.
Will she consider reforming family courts and ending the presumption in favour of parental contact despite the fact that there were safeguarding concerns?
That case of that little girl, Sara Sharif, is one of the most tragic of recent times, and I know that that view is shared right across the House.
That is why a safeguarding review is under way to look at all the agencies that were involved and should have been protecting that little girl from those who ended up killing her.
We are looking at the presumption: there is a review, and we will consider the findings of that review and publish our response in due course.
My constituent, who is a British citizen and the mother of two young children, faces the prospect of being forced to return to Poland to accompany those children under the Hague convention on the civil aspects of international child abduction, having fled escalating domestic abuse.
If she does, her inability to speak the language or work will leave her entirely dependent on her abuser, even though he is barred from contacting her.
Will the Minister work with me to ensure that domestic abuse is explicitly recognised as a valid defence against return orders of this type?
I thank the hon.