He talks about political correctness; having served together in the House over many years, I hope he knows the Home Secretary and me well.
Fundamentally, this must be about the threat.
We will leave no stone unturned to ensure that we have the appropriate level of resource in the right place at the right time, so that the ever-evolving and complex nature of the threat we face—both in the United Kingdom and abroad—is appropriately addressed by our law enforcement agencies.
I give the hon.
Gentleman a categorical assurance that we will continue to work around the clock to ensure that we protect the public.
I thank the Security Minister for clarifying the timeline of when this report was commissioned.
We should remember that since it was commissioned, we have seen the brutal, sadistic murders in Southport and the riots that came after them.
Clearly, we are living in a time of rising and worrying extremism, which should concern Members on all sides of this House.
Does the Security Minister therefore agree that Members on all sides of this House should be working together to deal with extremism, rather than playing political games?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
I hope the House knows that it is always my default setting—if you want to put it that way—to try to work collaboratively with Members across this House.
I give my hon.
Friend and the House an absolute assurance of the seriousness with which we take these matters.
I think Members will understand that it is right  to commission civil servants to look very carefully at the profound nature of the threat that we face, and to bring forward policy suggestions and solutions for how we as a Government are best placed to address them.
That is what is happening, but this Government will always do the right thing to ensure that we protect the public.
We have to tread very carefully when we enter into this territory.
The leaking of this report has already raised alarm bells with a number of different groups, and has given the right another opportunity to spread division and further disinformation.
What reassurances can the Minister give campaign groups, environmentalists and those who have taken up campaigns that they will not be included when he finally brings forward his plans in the future?
I am happy to give the hon.
Gentleman an assurance that this Government will always approach these matters in a level-headed and consensual way.
It is the case that previous Governments sought to use these issues as a political football.
indicated dissent.
It is the case that previous Governments were, on occasion, motivated as much by a desire to score political points.
That will never be the approach of this Government.
We are motivated only by a desire to protect the public.
I echo the concerns raised by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Edinburgh East and Musselburgh (Chris Murray) .
Just this weekend in my own constituency, we had an incident in our community with young people and knives.
Although I cannot comment on that particular incident, I am extremely concerned about the availability of knives, particularly to our young people.
Does the Minister agree that the sale of knives is too easy, particularly online, and can he tell me and my constituents what the Government are doing to restrict that availability and the fear it spreads in our communities?
The Government share my hon.
Friend’s concern about the availability of knives online.
That is why—as I said to another hon.
Member a moment ago—just this weekend, the Home Secretary announced stricter age verification checks and a ban on doorstep drops, in order to better protect people from knife crime.
We will do everything that we possibly can, working with online retailers and the police, to ensure that the availability of knives is very significantly reduced in order to protect the public.