On the courts package, it is likely that any measures will also require legislative reform.
Again, I will seek to move at pace on that, but that rather depends on the package of measures that Sir Brian Leveson ultimately recommends.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The courts backlog is growing by 500 cases every month, and the Ministry of Justice has not set a date for when it will come down.
Victims are being forced to put their lives on hold while they wait for a trial date, yet today at the Old Bailey half of all the courtrooms sit empty.
The Lady Chief Justice has said that there are 4,000 additional sitting days available that could be used now.
Who is the obstacle to resolving this?
Is it the Justice Secretary, who is content for rape trials to be scheduled for as far off as 2027, or is it the Chancellor, and the Justice Secretary has just had rings run around her by the Treasury?
What an absolutely outrageous set of remarks!
The right hon.
Member completely forgets that, only six months ago, his Government were in charge.
The Government of which he was part all but ran our justice system into the ground.
I do not recall seeing him standing up and speaking about delays for rape victims, or indeed any other kind of victim, when he was on this side of the House.
I am glad he has now realised that the system ought to try to put victims first.
His critique would have more force were it not for the fact that this Government, having come to office only six months ago, have increased Crown court sitting capacity by 2,500 days.
If she will make an assessment of the potential impact of the terms and conditions for prison officers’ pensions on the recruitment of prison officers.
May I take this opportunity to pay tribute to our prison staff for the essential work that they do?
We are committed to improving the retention of experienced staff, because they are vital to keeping our prisons running.
The Lord Chancellor has requested advice from officials on the pension age of prison officers, and we will continue to engage with trade unions as this is considered.
I thank the Minister for his warm words and encouraging remarks.
He will know that in Scotland the “68 is too late” campaign by the Prison Officers Association enjoys cross-party and Scottish Government support, but the UK Government have refused to take action on this important issue.
The current retirement terms ignore the reality of the frontline role that prison officers perform in prisons on a daily basis across the UK.
It is a dangerous role, and no less so than that of firefighters or the police, who enjoy very different terms.
Although justice is devolved to the Scottish Parliament, the pensions of Scottish prison  officers are controlled by the UK Government.
So will the Minister or the Secretary of State commit the Government to reviewing the current prison officer retirement age of 68, and will he meet me to hear this case in more detail?
As I have said, the Lord Chancellor has requested advice on this matter.
We promote our strong employee total reward package as part of our recruitment.
The terms and conditions of the civil service pension scheme are some of the best in the public sector, with a low employee contribution rate and a significant employer contribution rate of 28.97%.
However, that does not mean it is not a right and proper question to ask, and if the hon.
Member wishes to have a meeting with me, I am quite happy to meet him.
What steps her Department is taking to support female offenders.
What steps her Department is taking to support female offenders.
What steps her Department is taking to support female offenders.
What steps her Department is taking to support female offenders.