There is no place for extremism or hatred of any form in our society.
It is right that the Government work with communities to stamp that out, not least after the previous Conservative Government seemed to seek out opportunities to sow more and more seeds of division.
From what we have heard about the extremism review report, it does not bring the right answers forward and risks being counterproductive.
Now it is up to the Government to develop a counter-extremism strategy that is strong, effective and alive to the modern challenges facing our society.
That includes addressing an increasingly complex online world and its role in inciting extremism.
I would welcome more details from the Minister on how the Government will do this.
To be effective, the work must also properly engage communities.
Will the Minister set out how communities will be consulted on any upcoming counter-extremism strategies?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for her entirely sensible and reasonable questions.
She is absolutely right to say that there is no place for extremism in our society.
This Government will work across party, across Government, and use all available levers to ensure that we have the right resources in the right place to tackle what is an increasingly challenging threat.
She is right that an important element of that is the work that we need to do and are doing with regard to the online space.
She will be aware that the Online Safety Act 2023 will come into force soon, and we have consistently said that we will look very closely at how effective that will be, and that where we need to make changes we will of course do so.
As she can imagine, the conversations continue with the social media companies.
We expect them to do the right thing, and where there is illegal content online, to remove it at pace.
The hon.
Member is also right to stress the importance of working with communities.
That is why counter-extremism work is done properly across Government, with the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government as a key partner.
I thank the Minister for his unambiguous statement.
I had a feeling that he was going to say something along those lines, because I read a similar unambiguous statement from the Home Office in this morning’s newspapers.
Therefore, I do not understand how the shadow Home Secretary has struggled to follow the Government’s position.
Does the Minister agree that the correct way to deal with extremism is to focus on what drives it?
As we heard in the House last week in relation to the  Southport attack, weaponry, including knives, has a devastating effect across the country.
What steps is the Home Office taking to restrict access to knives and weaponry for those with extreme views?
My hon.
Friend raises an important matter.
Over the weekend, the Home Secretary announced stricter age verification checks and a ban on doorstep drops to protect people from knife crime.
These measures are set to be included in the Crime and Policing Bill, which is expected to be introduced to Parliament by the spring.
Under these new rules, a two-step system will be mandated for all retailers selling knives online, requiring customers to submit photo ID at the point of sale and again on delivery.
Delivery companies will only be able to deliver a bladed article to the person who purchased it, and it will also be illegal to leave a package containing a bladed weapon on a doorstep when no one is in to receive it.
In the early years of Margaret Thatcher’s Government, Lord Scarman was commissioned to write a report on what were—they did not use this phrase at the time—concerns among the black community about two-tier policing.