Gambling with Lives is a charity that supports families who have been bereaved by gambling-related suicide.
Jo from Cullompton lost her son Daniel to gambling suicide, and speaks powerfully about it.
What is the Minister doing to ensure that accurate data is recorded for each death linked to gambling?
May I express how sorry I am to hear of the case of the hon.
Gentleman’s constituent?
I am happy to write to him—he asks quite a specific question—but it is important that we provide support to all sorts of victims.
That is why we have the victims code, which strengthens the power of the Victims’ Commissioner, but I will write to the hon.
Gentleman on that specific matter.
Last week, the Court of Appeal overturned a first-instance decision regarding the anonymity of a judge who presided over the tragic Sara Sharif case in the family courts.
I do not expect the Minister to comment on individual cases, and it is certainly not about that individual judge, but will the Government use this opportunity to reaffirm our commitment to open justice and press freedom?
As my hon.
Friend rightly says, I cannot comment on that specific case, but we adhere to the principle of open justice and transparency in our legal system.
That is why we have the publication of sentencing remarks and transcripts, and the broadcasting of many of our hearings, so that the public can see exactly how justice in this country is administered.
We know that the Attorney General has recused himself from advising the Government, but he will not tell us what for, and he still refuses to be transparent about potential payments by former clients.
Does the Secretary of State for Justice really not believe that the public have a right to know?
The hon.
Lady should know there are robust processes in place in government to manage conflict of interest, which were in place under the previous Administration as well, but this is not something that any Government Minister will be giving a running commentary on.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee, Andy Slaughter.
We have just witnessed the chair of the Criminal Cases Review Commission being prised out of her job, six months after the Secretary of State described her as
“unable to fulfil her duties”.
When will a new chair be appointed, and will this be accompanied by a wider review of the CCRC, to restore confidence in that damaged organisation?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to say that we need to restore confidence in the CCRC.
That is why we are taking the decision not only to appoint an interim chair to steady the ship but, more importantly, to implement the recommendations of the Henley review so that we can restore confidence in this important institution, particularly in the light of the appalling miscarriage of justice in the case of Andrew Malkinson.
With an ever-increasing prison population and monumental delays being experienced in the courts and throughout  the justice system, what steps is the Secretary of State taking to address the significant delays that arise from the period of time required to download and analyse digital material?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point.
We believe that much more can be achieved through the increased use of AI and other digital technology to speed up some of the paper processes that create delays across the criminal justice system.
As chair of the Criminal Justice Board, I have asked for a cross-system criminal justice response on this and I will update the House in due course.
No doubt we all agree that preventable deaths should be prevented, and tragedies like Hillsborough and Grenfell must not be repeated because we fail to make changes, so what consideration has the Secretary of State given to creating a national oversight mechanism to ensure that lessons are learned from every state-related death?