I call the shadow Minister.
As the Secretary of State mentioned, the approach to managing hyper-prolific offenders is part of David Gauke’s review, which could consider, for example, the wider use of GPS tagging and home curfew, but the Department has been undertaking its own assessment of the effectiveness of GPS tagging.
Will the Government commit to publishing that review before or alongside the sentencing review, so that we can properly judge the merits of any proposed expansion?
As I have sought to do throughout this process, I will ensure transparency in the Government’s approach when it comes to not just the emergency releases data, but other information that underpins future policy choices.
I did not quite hear a “yes”, but I will take that as an encouraging commitment that the Secretary of State will publish the GPS tagging review ahead of any sentencing review.
However, I am afraid that in Ministers’ discussions of these issues, they risk losing sight of the fact that imprisonment also serves the  important purpose of punishing offenders in the interests of justice.
Importantly, how will the Government decide whether any of David Gauke’s proposals that they are minded to accept sufficiently punish offenders?
How will that judgment be made before any recommendations are accepted?
I have said on many occasions in this House that I believe in punishment and in prison.
Prison has a core role to play in the punishment of offenders.
However, we must not run out of prison places.
We must balance the need to punish and imprison people with interventions that expand the use of punishment outside prison. [
Interruption.]
The hon.
Gentleman says, “Build more” from a sedentary position.
We are.
We are moving forward to solve the 14,000 prison place deficit left by his Government at the last election.
This Government will build prisons, but as he knows, we cannot build our way out of the prison capacity crisis.
We must consider other measures as well, but let me be clear: we will always seek to punish offenders, and prison will always have a place.
This Government will build more prison places than the previous one.
What steps her Department is taking to increase prison capacity.
What steps her Department is taking to increase prison capacity.
We took immediate action to prevent the collapse of the prison system by implementing SDS40.
We are building 14,000 new prison places and have published our 10-year capacity strategy.
We have launched an independent sentencing review, so that we never run out of prison places again.
I welcome the Government’s action to increase prison capacity, but I am worried about youth custody.
My local police force is particularly concerned that there is simply not enough space in the secure custodial estate.
Many vulnerable young people are at risk of being exploited by organised criminal gangs.
That is less to do with young offenders institutions and more to do with the lack of capacity in secure children’s homes; that capacity has fallen since 2010.
The number of Ministry of Justice contracted spaces is now around only 100 for the entire country, which is appalling.
How will the Minister work with Department for Education to increase capacity, and protect vulnerable young people and our residents?
We certainly do not wish to reduce capacity.
I can confirm that we contract with local authorities’ secure children’s homes, and place children there.
In 2010 we contracted for 191 beds, and currently we contract for 103.
That correlates with a decrease in the number of young people in custody, mostly over the period when the Conservatives were in government.
We do not currently intend to reduce overall capacity in the youth custody service estate, which comprises young offender institutions, secure  training centres, secure school and SCH beds.
However, we are recommissioning secure children’s home places, and cannot predetermine the outcome of that exercise, but I assure my hon.
Friend that we will not run out of space.