That is why—as I said to another hon.
Member a moment ago—just this weekend, the Home Secretary announced stricter age verification checks and a ban on doorstep drops, in order to better protect people from knife crime.
We will do everything that we possibly can, working with online retailers and the police, to ensure that the availability of knives is very significantly reduced in order to protect the public.
The repudiation of the contents of this report is a step back from thought crime, but the danger remains of two steps towards it.
Is it not outrageous when individuals are harassed by the police when they have not broken the law?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right in the sense that, of course, the police should and will be guided by the law.
As an experienced Member, I am sure he will have worked very closely with the police over many years.
My experience of working closely with the  police is that they make the right judgments for the right reasons, but where there are issues that require further attention, the Government will of course look at those matters.
It seems that advice to Ministers on national security issues has been leaked to a former Tory special adviser, and as a result of that leak the Security Minister has been summoned to the Chamber to answer questions, even though the leak does not represent Government policy and the Minister has made it clear that the advice has been rejected.
Does he agree that this sets a dangerous precedent and may encourage more disgruntled individuals to commit politically motivated leaks, and that it shows that His Majesty’s official Opposition are sadly sinking into the mire of populism, which can only undermine our national security and, indeed, our democracy in the future?
As I hope I have made crystal clear, I am always happy to come to this House to debate and discuss matters relating to national security.
I will do that whenever the House wishes me to do so, but on this particular occasion—as I think I have also been crystal clear about—this leak is about something that does not represent Government policy.
There is no place for extremism in our society or country, from anyone.
Prevent unfairly associates certain ethnic minorities and religious groups with extremism, and the programme’s vague definition of extremism has led to inconsistent implementation, with concerns about overreach.
What steps are the Government taking to address the discrimination and failings in the Prevent programme and make it impartial and effective, to prevent extremism and violence across all of society?
The hon.
Member is right to say that there is no place for extremism in this country—of course that is the case—but I do not agree with his characterisation of the Prevent programme.
That programme consists of some extremely dedicated and hard-working public servants, but the hon.
Member will know that the Home Secretary has announced the appointment of an interim Prevent commissioner, Lord Anderson.
He will be looking very closely at how the Prevent programme works and how it can be made to work more effectively in the future.
When tackling extremism—whether violent or non-violent—is the Security Minister satisfied that the current division of labour between counter-terrorism policing and the security service is understood well enough by those two organisations, and is delivering and working well?
I am always very grateful to the right hon.
Member—he speaks with real experience and authority on these matters, and he raises an important and reasonable question.
Yes, I am happy to give him that assurance; I work incredibly closely with both counter-terrorism police and operational partners on a daily basis.
Of course, we look at these things very closely and keep  them under review, and if we think that we need to change the balance in any particular area, we will not hesitate to do so.