What steps her Department is taking to support female offenders.
What steps her Department is taking to support female offenders.
What steps her Department is taking to support female offenders.
This Government’s plan to support women is clear and ambitious: to reduce the number of women going to prison and to have fewer women’s prisons.
Our Women’s Justice Board, which met for the first time last week, will support implementing this vision.
I would also remind the House that, as the Minister responsible for youth justice, I have initiated a review of the placement of girls in custody, on which Susannah Hancock will report at the end of this month.
What family support is available for women at Foston Hall prison and young offenders institution?
We know that family support is very important to women in custody, which is why grant funding has been awarded to the charity Parents And Children Together—PACT—to provide a resettlement family engagement worker in HMP Foston Hall, as well as in seven other women’s prisons.
Gaie Delap, the mother of a constituent of mine, was recalled to prison just before Christmas, despite complying with her curfew conditions, because the Government’s electronic monitoring services contractor could not fulfil its contract and find a tag to fit a frail 78-year-old woman.
Can the Minister and the Secretary of State help to find a solution so that Gaie Delap can be released on her curfew, and so that women are not disadvantaged by the failings of the contractor’s electronic monitoring system?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this matter.
In this case the court’s decision was to impose a prison sentence, and neither Ministers nor officials can intervene in sentences passed down by our independent courts.
I understand the frustrations and can assure the House that we are working hard to find alternative approaches to ensure a secure resolution to this issue.
There are more than 3,000 women prisoners in England and Wales—a number that the Ministry of Justice projects will rise to 4,200 by November 2027.
Like many, I welcome the newly established Women’s Justice Board, which will oversee efforts to tackle this issue and ensure a tailored approach to female offenders.
What measures are being implemented to provide support through community sentences and residential women’s centres?
We are awarding £7.2 million for the upcoming year to community organisations and local areas that are already supporting women in the community.
We are also employing options to increase the use of residential provision as an alternative to short custodial sentences.
That includes engaging with the judiciary to ensure that the option of a community order with a residential requirement is considered in appropriate cases.
I welcome the launch of the Women’s Justice Board, which is intended to reduce the number of women in our prisons, cut reoffending and better support our children.
Will the Minister work with organisations from across the country, including North Wales Women’s Centre, to ensure not only that their voices are at the heart of the work going on, but that they have the resources and support needed to support the most vulnerable in our society?
I pay tribute to women’s centres across the country such as that in north Wales for the excellent contribution that their work makes.
I agree that short custodial sentences can be problematic; they exacerbate women’s underlying needs without allowing time for rehabilitation, and they separate mothers from children and mean that women are more likely to reoffend.
That is why the Women’s Justice Board—I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for welcoming it—aims to increase the number of women supported in the community.
The board will also look at how we can better support mothers with young children.
Does the Minister accept that allowing biological men into women’s prisons increases the risk to female offenders?
Does he further accept that only biological women should be housed in women’s prisons?