Under these new rules, a two-step system will be mandated for all retailers selling knives online, requiring customers to submit photo ID at the point of sale and again on delivery.
Delivery companies will only be able to deliver a bladed article to the person who purchased it, and it will also be illegal to leave a package containing a bladed weapon on a doorstep when no one is in to receive it.
In the early years of Margaret Thatcher’s Government, Lord Scarman was commissioned to write a report on what were—they did not use this phrase at the time—concerns among the black community about two-tier policing.
In response to those concerns, the police listened, changed their procedures, and engaged in consultative work with those communities, so why is it that when communities complain about two-tier policing under this Government, they are branded far-right extremists?
The right hon.
Gentleman will have worked throughout his time with our police forces—not just as former Home Secretary, in that great office of state, but elsewhere—and I very much hope that he shares the admiration and respect—
Answer the question.
I am answering the question.
I hope that the right hon.
Gentleman shares the admiration and respect that we on these Benches have for the incredibly difficult and challenging work that the police do.
I have to say that those who seek to progress a narrative of two-tier policing do no favours to our police forces.
All they seek to do is make it more difficult for those extraordinary men and women who step forward to serve in our police force to do a very important job.
In all the commentary overnight on this leaked advice, I was struck by one comment from the shadow Justice Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Newark (Robert Jenrick) , that was reported on GB News.
He said:
“Of course violence against women and girls and some of the other issues raised in this report… warrant attention by the police”
—“warrant attention”?
Is it any wonder that sexual violence was allowed to become endemic under the previous Government and that the best a previous Home Office Minister could say is that it warrants attention?
The shadow Justice Secretary was a Home Office Minister for a considerable period of time.
It might be worthwhile if he reflects on the record of his Government while he was a Minister.
So this report that has just been leaked was commissioned by the Home Secretary after the Southport horrors last July.
The truth is that it has come out and all the recommendations have basically been immediately written off by the Home Secretary.
Does that not confirm that the people in her Department are completely out of touch with her wishes and those of the British people?
Not at all.
The hon.
Member is simply not correct.
This work was being progressed before the dreadful incident in Southport.
I am sure, and I certainly hope, that he will appreciate that Secretaries of State will routinely commission advice from civil servants.
Some of the recommendations of that advice will be accepted and agreed; some will not, but it is routine practice in government to ask civil servants to look very closely at particular issues.
Ultimately, it is for Ministers to decide, and Ministers will decide.
As interesting as it sounds, I have no idea what a “manosphere” is.
As far as I am concerned, the only real question that the Security Minister needs to answer is what action the Government are taking to ensure this kind of disgraceful, politically motivated leak to a former Tory adviser cannot happen again, especially on issues of national security.