Does the Minister agree that there is a real danger in the promotion of misogyny and opposition to feminism online and that to combat the scourge of violence against women and girls, which sees one woman murdered almost every three days in the UK, the Government must take misogyny seriously as a form of extremism?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady.
She makes an incredibly important point, and hopefully she will know and understand how seriously this Government take those issues.
We made an ambitious manifesto commitment to halve violence against women and girls over 10 years.
That is something that, as Ministers in the Home Office with the Home Secretary and the Safeguarding Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham Yardley (Jess Phillips) , we are working at pace to address.
We take these matters very seriously, and she is absolutely right to identify the particular challenges that exist online.
The Safeguarding Minister will have more to say about this in due course.
I am grateful to the Security Minister for his words today.
He has successfully exposed the reports about the leak as the nonsense they are.
But there are serious issues here, including around how we respond to the rising level of youth violence and extremism and the increasing availability of online material that fuels that obsession with violence and death.
Will he tell us how the intelligence services are approaching this challenge and what more the Government can do to stop young people disappearing into this dangerous abyss?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point, and the Prime Minister and the Home Secretary have both recently referred to this, including during their statements on  21 February .
She is right that there has been a troubling rise in the number of cases involving  youth men, boys and teenagers who are being drawn into extremism.
As I said to the House earlier, that includes a range of different areas, including Islamist and far-right extremism, but also there is a particularly concerning rise in those drawn into what is referred to as mixed and confused ideology, and those young men and boys who have an obsession with violence.
This threat is not unique to the United Kingdom; it is being experienced internationally, but I assure her that the intelligence services and our law enforcement partners are working with Government at pace, along with our international partners, to look at what more we can do in this particular area.
May I first echo the Minister’s point that we should be grateful to those civil servants who are working night and day to protect us from terrorist threats?
I suppose we should also be grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for denouncing the document, which certainly emanated from his Department, without making any personal criticism of those civil servants.
But does that document not demonstrate that a large body of opinion has completely lost its way on how we deal with extremism and terrorist threats?
I urge him to encourage the Department to return to what Prevent is intended to achieve and not get distracted by all this political correctness, given that most of the country have no idea what a “non-hate crime incident” is.
We need to return to proper language that people understand, or the Government themselves will be driving people’s disillusion and despair about these matters.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman, as always, for his observations, and for his point about civil servants.
He talks about political correctness; having served together in the House over many years, I hope he knows the Home Secretary and me well.
Fundamentally, this must be about the threat.
We will leave no stone unturned to ensure that we have the appropriate level of resource in the right place at the right time, so that the ever-evolving and complex nature of the threat we face—both in the United Kingdom and abroad—is appropriately addressed by our law enforcement agencies.