I have written to the Attorney General asking him to review those sentences as potentially unduly lenient.
Two of the men who were sentenced at Bradford Crown court for grooming gang offences were absent.
They are thought to have absconded abroad.
Can the Justice Secretary confirm how many grooming gang defendants the Government are currently pursuing overseas and what efforts are being made by the Government with, in this case, the Pakistani authorities, using every lever of the British state to locate these evil men and get justice for the victims?
I will happily write to the right hon.
Gentleman with details on the specific case that he raises.
He is right to say that we have international agreements and arrangements with other jurisdictions to ensure that offenders can be brought back to face justice in this country.
I am sure that those arrangements are being applied appropriately, but I will make sure that he gets a fuller answer on the case that he has raised.
Today we learned not only that Yevgeny Prigozhin, a sanctioned warlord, used frozen funds to make legal threats to silence a British journalist, but that the enablers of this textbook example of lawfare have since gone unpunished,  with the Solicitors Regulation Authority ruling that Prigozhin’s lawyers “broke no rules”.
That inaction, in the face of such clear-cut wrongdoing, shows that our current framework is inadequate.
Can the Minister outline what steps the Government are taking to create a tough deterrent against harmful lawfare tactics, particularly when they are deployed by insidious individuals like Prigozhin?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question, and for the campaigning work that he is doing in this area.
Journalism is the lifeblood of democracy, and strategic lawsuits against public participation represent an abuse of the legal system; they are used by those with deep pockets to harass and silence journalism.
Such behaviour is intolerable.
My focus, and the focus of this Government, will be on the implementation of the Economic Crime and Corporate Transparency Act 2023, which introduced an early dismissal mechanism and cost protection for SLAPP defendants.
Last September, the Secretary of State confirmed that foreign national offenders blocking up our jails were being removed and deported.
Will she update the House on how many have been removed and deported, and does she agree that the fastest way to free up capacity in our prisons is to remove the vast majority of them?
I agree that we need to do everything we can to remove foreign national offenders from our prisons.
Between  5 July 2024  and  4 January 2025 , 2,580 foreign national offenders were returned—a 23% increase on the same period in the previous year—and we are currently on track to remove more foreign national offenders this year than at any time in recent years.
Humanist marriage has been legal in Scotland for 20 years but continues to wait to be legalised in England and Wales.
The Law Commission made recommendations two years ago on clarifying the law, but when asked to set out a timetable for action, the Minister in the other place could only respond, “in the fullness of time.
”—[Official Report, House of Lords,  2 December 2024 ; Vol.
841, c. 910.]
Can the Minister set out the timetable or, alternatively, say when the Government will make an order to end the long wait for humanist marriage?
I understand that humanists have been campaigning for legally binding humanist weddings.
The Government are committed to strengthening the rights and protections available, particularly for women in cohabiting couples.
We will look at the Law Commission’s work and publish our response in due course.
Gambling with Lives is a charity that supports families who have been bereaved by gambling-related suicide.
Jo from Cullompton lost her son Daniel to gambling suicide, and speaks powerfully about it.
What is the Minister doing to ensure that accurate data is recorded for each death linked to gambling?