Such horrific events underline just how important it is to deliver our manifesto commitment to ensure that every young person caught in possession of a knife is referred to a youth offending team and that appropriate action is taken.
We   are also piloting a new, more robust form of community punishment for children, involving mandatory GPS monitoring and intensive supervision.
What steps she is taking to reduce processing times for deputyship applications by the Court of Protection.
Applications for deputyship to the Court of Protection play a vital role when people need to be able to make decisions for loved ones who lack capacity.
It is important to support those people through prompt and efficient processes.
His Majesty’s Courts and Tribunals Service has been implementing an improvement plan, driving down waiting times by recruiting more staff, enhancing judicial capacity, digitising application forms, and implementing a new case management system.
One of my constituents has contacted me to ask why he has been waiting nine long months for a decision from the Court of Protection on his deputyship application.
He needs to secure the deputyship in order to make crucial decisions for a vulnerable loved one.
Another constituent, in a similar position, waited for two months without any acknowledgement that his application was being looked into.
Their experiences are not unique; solicitors and judges alike acknowledge the systemic delays plaguing the system.
Does the Minister agree that such long delays in processing times are unacceptable, and what does she think is acceptable?
I agree with the hon.
Lady that such delays are not acceptable, and I am sorry to hear of the distress that this will have caused.
It is right that we continue to invest in our improvement plan and continue to see progress with digitisation.
Digitising the application forms is a first step, but we want to see end-to-end digitisation, which we know is resulting in decent progress and has sped up those times over recent months.
There is more to do, and we shall do it.
What steps her Department is taking through the criminal justice system to help tackle violence against women and girls.
As I have said, the Government are committed to halving violence against women and girls within a decade.
It is an important ambition, and the criminal justice system has a vital role to play in it.
In November, we launched a pilot promoting domestic abuse protection orders in selected areas, and we have ambitions to roll that out further.
We will also introduce independent legal advisers for adult rape victims, ensuring that victims have the legal support that they need and deserve.
Last week, the Domestic Abuse Commissioner found that just 5% of reported domestic abuse results in a conviction.
Does the Minister share my concerns that lengthy investigations into non-crime hate incidents are potentially diverting vital resources from the criminal justice system and from prosecuting actual violence against women and girls?
The hon.
Member is right to remark on the low charging and conviction rates for domestic abuse.
We have an ambition to drive those up.
That is why we are putting more funding and more prioritisation into this area and calling on our agencies, whether it is the police or the Crown Prosecution Service, to really focus on it, because right now we are not doing enough for women and girls.
The tragic reality for many women who suffer domestic abuse and then have to go through family court proceedings on top of it is that the presumption of parental contact provides another opportunity for perpetrators of domestic abuse to prolong it.
The Government are rightly reviewing this.
Will Ministers ensure that we make the most of this opportunity to better protect women who suffer domestic abuse through the family court system?
My hon.
Friend is right to make that point.
Our family courts should never become sites of retraumatisation for victims of domestic abuse.