My hon.
Friend is right to make that point.
Our family courts should never become sites of retraumatisation for victims of domestic abuse.
We are reviewing the presumption, and when we are ready, we will publish the findings and our policy response to that review.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
This Government inherited a record and rising Crown court backlog and prisons on the point of collapse, serving as breeding grounds for crime that create better criminals, not better citizens.
The work of restoring safer streets in this country will be long and hard, but we are taking immediate action.
Since the last Justice orals, we have increased the number of sitting days in the Crown court by 2,000 this financial year and boosted criminal legal aid by up to £92 million a year to get cases moving through the courts more quickly.
We have published a 10-year prison capacity strategy, setting out plans to build 14,000 new prison places to ensure we always have the space to lock up dangerous criminals.
We launched the Women’s Justice Board, with one clear goal: to send fewer women to prison.
We are doing what it takes to deliver swifter justice for victims and punishment that cuts crime.
Ministers have talked quite a bit today about expanded powers for magistrates courts.
Could the Secretary of State tell me what additional funding is being made available and what training there will be for magistrates to assist them with this expanded role?
The changes in relation to magistrates court sentencing powers were made by the previous Government due to prison capacity issues, and they were working well.
We have restored those same powers, so I do not think those issues around training are necessarily engaged.
However, we will ensure that legal advisers and the full package of measures that magistrates need to fulfil their obligations are in place.
What support has the Ministry of Justice put in place for those serving indeterminate sentences for public protection, especially where they have additional needs?
It is right that IPP sentences were abolished.
Last week, I hosted a roundtable for MPs to discuss their concerns about IPP sentences and share the work the Department is doing.
The Prisons Minister in the other place hosted a similar roundtable for peers.
We are determined to make further progress towards a safe and sustainable release for those serving IPP sentences, while recognising that at all times public protection is paramount.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Two weeks ago, three grooming gang members were sentenced at Bradford Crown court for the most appalling rapes of children, but they received only six, seven and nine-year sentences respectively—six years, out on licence in four, for the rape of a child.
Does the Secretary of State agree that those sentences are disgracefully short, and will she commit to using the sentencing review to mandate full life sentences for these evil people?
If she will, she will have our support.
We have a shared objective in making sure that these evil individuals feel the full force of the law.
I will not comment on individual sentencing decisions, and the shadow Lord Chancellor might wish to reflect on that decision; it is not appropriate to do so, given our collective commitment to the independence of the judiciary.
However, as I said in response to earlier questions, we will legislate to make grooming an aggravating factor, and this Government will make sure that victims get the justice they deserve.
I have written to the Attorney General asking him to review those sentences as potentially unduly lenient.
Two of the men who were sentenced at Bradford Crown court for grooming gang offences were absent.
They are thought to have absconded abroad.