Ultimately, it is for Ministers to decide, and Ministers will decide.
As interesting as it sounds, I have no idea what a “manosphere” is.
As far as I am concerned, the only real question that the Security Minister needs to answer is what action the Government are taking to ensure this kind of disgraceful, politically motivated leak to a former Tory adviser cannot happen again, especially on issues of national security.
We proudly have an impartial civil service, so will he ask the Cabinet Secretary to order an immediate leak inquiry and put on gardening leave those Tory advisers and civil servants who are still working in Downing Street and those who are regarded as close associates of Andrew Gilligan?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his helpful point.
It is standard procedure in circumstances such as these that the Cabinet Secretary orders a leak inquiry, and that would be the right way to proceed under these circumstances.
In Keighley, we have seen how labelling legitimate concerns around grooming gangs as far-right has distorted conversations, silenced victims and inadvertently given space to bad faith actors.
It is therefore incredibly concerning to see this report written by Home Office officials using similar language, calling grooming gangs an “alleged” problem and once again framing this issue through the lens of the far right rather than the eyes of victims.
Does the Minister agree with the language used in the report around grooming gangs?
If not, how can he, or the Home Secretary, have faith in the Home Office officials?
The hon.
Member has been consistent in raising his concerns in this particular area.
I hope he will understand that I was clear earlier that many documents are produced across Government as part of commission work that are not implemented and that do not constitute Government policy.
To be absolutely clear with him, this is a leaked document, but the work did not recommend an expansion in the extremism definition.
These are not Government plans; this is not Government policy.
If the Conservatives now consider it okay for public servants to leak documents relating to national security, I hope they will not object if we see leaks on matters relating to their time in  charge, such as the risks arising from Russian donors to the Tory party and to our great country—whatever happened to British values?
Does the Security Minister agree—
Order.
Mr Shelbrooke, your voice has continued even though I don’t see as much of you these days.
Thank you, Mr Speaker—I am not surprised Conservative Members are wound up by that.
Does the Security Minister agree that at least one party in this House needs to behave within our values when it comes to security, and that security leaks are wrong?
All leaks are wrong, but let me take this opportunity to say that I am actually very proud of the civil servants in the Home Office, who work extremely hard day in, day out to keep our country safe from a diverse range of threats.
A number of Conservative Members here have worked in the Home Office, and I very much hope that they share my view that we should be extremely grateful to those civil servants who work around the clock to keep our country safe, and I am grateful for their efforts.
The horrendous events in Southport show that people who do not fit the profile of Islamist or far-right extremism can still present serious risk.
Does the Minister agree that there is a real danger in the promotion of misogyny and opposition to feminism online and that to combat the scourge of violence against women and girls, which sees one woman murdered almost every three days in the UK, the Government must take misogyny seriously as a form of extremism?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady.