The board will also look at how we can better support mothers with young children.
Does the Minister accept that allowing biological men into women’s prisons increases the risk to female offenders?
Does he further accept that only biological women should be housed in women’s prisons?
The vast majority of transgender prisoners are in men’s prisons.
We have continued the policy of the previous Government, but all policies are always under review.
Across the UK we face the bizarre and worrying reality that common-sense protections for women are being dismissed.
For example, in Northern Ireland a motion to ensure that  biologically male prisoners who identify as women are held in male prisons has been opposed by many elected representatives in the Northern Ireland Assembly,  and it is an issue that extends across the UK.
What assurances—we do want assurances—can the Minister give that women’s safety is taken seriously, and that they are guaranteed single-sex spaces in prisons, and other settings, free from biological males who identify as women?
Safe spaces for women are crucial and a No.
1 priority in everything we do.
The Minister refers to keeping under review the question of placing biological men in women’s prisons.
Will he speak to the Justice Minister in Northern Ireland and ensure that she reviews that policy?
Only last week she was defending the very policy that puts women at risk from biological men who are claiming the right to be retained in women’s prisons.
That is a devolved matter, though clearly we are happy to speak to the devolved Government about any issues.
What assessment she has made of the potential implications for her policies of the lessons learned following the Southport attack.
I am sure that the whole House will join me in saying that our thoughts today are with the victims of these horrific crimes and their families.
Last week we saw a measure of justice done, but over a number of years there was widespread state failure that meant that this attacker was not stopped.
It is right that there will be an inquiry.
The Ministry of Justice will play its full part, and I will ensure that any lessons for us are learned.
When the tragedy of Southport happened, crucial details about the case could not be revealed to ensure that the trial did not collapse and the vile perpetrator did not walk away as a free man.
However, some on social media were playing by different rules.
Does the Secretary of State think that our contempt rules are fit for the modern world?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
The Government would not say anything that would risk collapsing this trial.
The media followed the law, and so did everyone in this House, but the same was not true online.
As the Prime Minister has said, this challenge clearly must be addressed.
The Law Commission is reviewing contempt laws.
We will look closely at that work and consider these issues in the round.
But the information released shortly before the trial did not collapse the case.
Had it been released in August, it might have had a dampening effect on those unhelpful voices on social media, might it not?
As I said in my previous answer, it is clear that the fast pace of the online world has some significant challenges for our present arrangements around contempt laws.
The Government’s approach, which was to do nothing that might risk collapsing the trial, was the right one.
I hope that will have support across the House.
It would have been in no one’s interests to take any risks with the safety of the trial.
As I have said, the online space poses some challenges for our contempt law arrangements, and the Law Commission is rightly looking into that.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Contempt of court laws are guardrails that ensure fair trials.