As I have said, the online space poses some challenges for our contempt law arrangements, and the Law Commission is rightly looking into that.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Contempt of court laws are guardrails that ensure fair trials.
Does the Justice Secretary accept that, as the independent reviewer of terrorism legislation has said, by failing to provide basic information to the public that has been disclosed in previous cases—information that would not prejudice a trial—the authorities created a vacuum in which misinformation spread?
That misinformation could itself have been prejudicial to the trial.
Does she agree that in an age when most people consume their news through social media, saying nothing is not cost-free?
Will she commit to reviewing this issue now, rather than waiting for the Law Commission?
There will always be differing views among lawyers about what can and cannot be said.
It is right that the Government took their own position and that we did nothing that could risk collapsing the trial.
I agree with the shadow Secretary of State that the online world poses a significant challenge to our contempt laws.
That is why that is already being looked at.
As there is a piece of work already under way, I do not want to pre-empt where that could land.
The Law Commission has a good track record of considering major law changes.
Because of the inquiry and the fast-moving nature of these things, I will keep this area under close review myself.
If she will bring forward legislative proposals to enable courts to order the attendance of offenders at sentencing hearings.
By failing to attend their sentencing hearings, criminals add insult to injury and deny victims and their families a vital part of seeing justice done.
Iusb will be legislating to give judges the power to order attendance at sentencing hearings, and I will make it clear in the law that reasonable force can be used to make sure that happens.
The Prime Minister and I met Cheryl Korbel last week to discuss these proposals, and we will ensure that the families of other victims are involved before the Bill is put before the House.
I thank the Secretary of State for that positive response, and I thank her and the Prime Minister for meeting me and my constituent Cheryl Korbel, the mother of Olivia Pratt-Korbel, the nine-year-old who was tragically murdered in 2022.
Cheryl is pleased that the Government have committed to implementing Olivia’s law without delay.
Can the Minister ensure that  Cheryl is involved in the development of this law, placing victims and their families at the heart of the justice system?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for the work she is doing on behalf of her constituents.
I was pleased to be able to discuss these matters with her.
She is absolutely right, and it is crucial that we make progress in this area.
We have committed to introducing that legislation before the summer, and I will, as I promised last week, consult Olivia’s family and the families of other victims for whom non-attendance at sentencing hearings has caused problems.
There are a small number of people who, through due process, appear in court and are convicted, but who decline to come up to the court room for sentencing.
The Secretary of State has indicated her intention to move on this.
Does she agree that the Government need to show a very robust approach, so that people who show disdain and contempt for the rule of law are shown that there is no room for manoeuvre and that they must and will appear in court?
The hon.
Member is right.
It is already expected that defendants will attend sentencing hearings, but we know that some take the opportunity not to face the families of their victims, which causes huge trauma to some of the families.