The Home Secretary and I will use every tool and every lever at our disposal to ensure we keep the public safe.
That is what we get out of bed every morning to do, and that is what we will continue to do.
I trust the Minister will agree that terrorism in all its forms is always deserving only of punishment and repudiation, never of glorification, particularly by political leaders.
Does he therefore agree that it is beyond reprehensible that the First Minister of Northern Ireland, Michelle O’Neill, continues to attend IRA celebrations of the actions of IRA terrorists?
Just before Christmas, she laid a wreath and spoke at the commemoration for three IRA terrorists who blew themselves up with their own bomb.
What message does that send on extremism to future generations?
I hope the hon.
and learned Member will understand that I do not think that it would be appropriate for me to delve into matters in Northern Ireland in the context of this response.
But his remarks at the beginning of his question about there never being an excuse or justification for terrorism are a point of consensus around which we can all unite.
The Security Minister recently told me that it remains Government policy not to engage with the Muslim Council of Britain.
Last week, the Minister for Social Security and Disability attended the MCB annual leadership dinner.
Did that Minister breach Government policy, or is engagement with the MCB now tolerated after all?
The hon.
Member asked me a question previously at Home Office orals, specifically in the context of engagement by the Home Secretary and her Ministers.
Answer the question!
The shadow Home Secretary is chuntering from a sedentary position, but I was literally shown the Hansard transcript before this urgent question. [
Interruption.]
If he will allow me, I will respond to the question.
The hon.
Member asked me previously about engagement with the Home Secretary and Home Office Ministers.
I clearly cannot account from the Dispatch  Box for other Ministers’ activities.
However, I am happy to look at the circumstances he has raised.
I am happy to confirm to him that Government policy has not changed, and if there are specific points I need to come back to him on, I am very happy to do so.
Extreme misogyny associated with far-right ideology is a major factor in extremism.
It should be dealt with, to counteract the one women killed every three days in this country, and to ensure that the horrendous Southport killings, the five killings by Jake Davison in Plymouth and the 51 massacred in Christchurch, New Zealand do not happen again.
No one wants violence—ideological or political.
Does the Minister agree that our obsession with focusing solely on Islamism has left repeated Governments blindsided to real threats facing us from elsewhere?
The hon.
Member is right to say that extreme misogyny is, frankly, a disgusting blight on our country.
That is why this Government made a manifesto commitment to halve the levels of violence against women and girls.
It is an ambitious commitment that has not been made previously.
As I told the House earlier, the Home Secretary and the Safeguarding Minister are working at pace to seek to address these issues.
It is a big priority for the Government, and we intend to make good on the commitments we have made.
I thank the Minister for his answers and, in particular, welcome his commitment to supporting the police, which he has mentioned a few times.
I have great concerns that the revival of non-crime hate incidents will mean more work for our overstretched police forces, and that it will mean getting involved in a war on offensive words, rather than the war on drugs, the war on terrorism or the war on violence against women and children.