As my constituency contains the Rivers Axe, Brue, Parrett and Tone, together with countless streams, brooks and rhynes, it is of the utmost importance to my constituents that the water quality of our rivers is maintained and improved.
The parish of Burnham-on-Sea and Highbridge is a coastal resort, as are the villages of Berrow and Brean.
It is important for the tourism industry, as well as the local people who enjoy those beaches, that we improve the quality of our bathing water, and I therefore welcome the Bill.
We are told that it has four key aims:
“To block the payment of bonuses to executives who pollute waterways;
To bring criminal charges against persistent law breakers;
To impose automatic and severe fines for wrongdoing; and
To ensure independent monitoring of every”
—sewer overflow—“outlet.”
I welcome all those aims, building as they do on the work of the last Government to improve our water quality.
I want to speak in favour of new clauses 16 and 19.
New clause 16, entitled “Establishment of Water Restoration Fund”, establishes the principle that fines should go towards environmental improvement rather than to the Treasury.
I am somewhat curious as to why the Government would not support that, but perhaps the Minister can explain when she responds to the debate.
In November 2024, Wessex Water, which serves my constituency, was fined £500,000 for polluting two rivers, one in Wiltshire and one in Somerset.
That money should be used to improve the local environment; it should not be swallowed up by the Treasury.
New clause 19 states that when civil penalties are imposed, there should be an equivalent reduction in customer bills.
That is important, because otherwise the water company that has been fined will simply pass on that fine to the consumers; the new clause would ensure that there was no penalty for the customer.
I am curious, again, to know why the Government would oppose new clause 19—along with new clause 18—and I look forward to hearing the Minister’s explanation.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps her Department is taking to help reduce the backlog of cases in the Crown court.
What steps her Department is taking to help reduce the backlog of cases in the Crown court.
When her Department expects the Crown court backlog to decrease.
The last Government left us with a record and rising backlog.
Cases are taking years to be heard, and the number of victims dropping out at police stage has nearly doubled.
We have taken steps to deliver swifter justice by increasing sitting days to a 10-year high and extending magistrates courts’ sentencing powers, but we must go further.
That is why I have commissioned Sir Brian Leveson to conduct a review of the courts, asking him to propose once-in-a-generation reform.
We all want justice to be served as quickly as possible, and many of my constituents have contacted me recently with concerns about law and order.
Given the various media reports about unused capacity in courts up and down the country, what is the Secretary of State’s Department doing to ensure that every aspect of the justice system is working efficiently and at full capacity?
The hon.
Gentleman makes a good point, and I share his concerns and those of his constituents—indeed, I see many such cases in my own constituency advice surgeries.
We are working at pace to ensure that every bit of the criminal justice system is working at its maximum efficient capacity.
That includes everything from police stage right through to sentencing in the courts.
I am sure that he will be aware of the very strained situation we inherited.
It will take some time for those changes to take effect, but we are driving forward system efficiency, and Sir Brian Leveson’s review will give us a policy package with which to reform the system for the benefit of all victims.