Katie Allan was a beautiful and bright young woman, and would have been a constituent of mine but for the fact that, aged 21, she found herself, after a youthful stupid mistake, in Polmont young offenders institution, where she died from suicide.
The fatal incident inquiry recently published into her death and the death of William Brown found that they both might be alive today were it not for a catalogue of errors by the Scottish Prison Service.
The families of those who have lost children in such circumstances are campaigning for Crown immunity to be removed from prisons across Britain, so that there is proper accountability and more young lives are not lost.
Will the Minister meet the families to discuss that proposal?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
He draws attention to a deeply disturbing case.
I am very happy to meet him and the families concerned.
What steps she is taking to increase public confidence in the justice system.
The last Government gave the public plenty of reasons to lose confidence in the justice system, including a rising courts backlog and prisons on the edge of collapse.
We have already averted a crisis in our prisons, and have raised Crown court capacity to a 10-year high.
We are now embarking on reform of our courts and our prisons.
The work of restoring confidence in the justice system has started.
It will, of course, take some time.
Jason Hoganson was wrongly released under the Government’s early release scheme.
Last week, he was convicted of assaulting his ex-partner just a day after he was freed under that botched scheme.
Does the  Secretary of State agree that this shocking case, and cases like it, continue to undermine the public’s trust and confidence in our justice system?
What undermines confidence in the justice system is running out of prison places, which is the inheritance the Conservative Government left for this Government.
That is the mess that we are cleaning up.
The hon.
Gentleman will also be aware that the previous Government’s end-of-custody supervised licence scheme was also an early release scheme, but without any of the measures on accountability and transparency, or the wider set of exclusions, that that we introduced with the SDS40 scheme.
On Friday, I met my constituent Hayley Johns.
She has given me permission to share her story in this place.
Hayley was a victim of domestic abuse and actual bodily harm perpetrated by an ex-partner.
I was absolutely shocked to hear her story.
Her ex-partner was convicted for three years for his crimes.
However, he is being considered for release after serving just three months.
Does the Justice Secretary agree that given the legacy of the previous Government, we need to redouble our efforts, and the efforts of this Government, to improve confidence in the criminal justice system?
Can I please ask her to take a personal interest in this case?
I will happily look at the facts of the case.
Some of those numbers do not sound like they should be possible, but that could be down to specific factors relating to that case.
If my hon.
Friend writes to me with the details, I will make sure he has a full response.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Confidence in the criminal justice system can be achieved only if support for victims and survivors is adequately funded, but charities such as Victim Support, whose services I have personally benefited from, have said that for them, the hike in employers’ national insurance contributions amounts to a real-terms budget cut of 7%.
Victims need more support, not less.
Will the Secretary of State fight to reverse that damaging cut and help restore victims’ confidence in the criminal justice system?
The hon.
Gentleman will be aware of the difficult fiscal inheritance for this Government, and that we have had to make some difficult choices.