Can my right hon.
Friend outline the timescales for the ongoing investigation and when the results of this investigation will become public?
My hon.
Friend makes extremely pertinent points both on compensation and on speed, which was the point made previously by my hon.
Friend the Member  for South West Devon (Sir Gary Streeter), and I think both apply.
The point about compensation applies particularly to businesses because different businesses are impacted in different ways.
The point about speed also applies to the investigation itself, which is why I said earlier that it is really important that South West Water—this is the signal that he and the House are sending it—co-operates fully with the investigation and in a timely manner.
I know that local Members of Parliament want to be able to explain to their constituents exactly what the cause was, what the monitoring was and what action was taken, and I am sure that South West Water will have heard my hon.
Friend’s points.
In 2022, the Liberal Democrats called for a ban on bonuses for water company bosses if a company has committed criminal breaches.
Last year, 10 water bosses received bonuses totalling £2.5 million, and the CEO of South West Water forwent her £450,000 bonus.
The Secretary of State said that Ofwat should carry out a consultation to define criteria for a ban on bonuses, but what size bonus does he think the CEO of South West Water ought to receive later this month?
As a Minister, one has to follow the correct legal process, and the legal process for an independent arm’s-length body requires it to have a consultation.
As I have said, we are already moving on that; we have already said that we want to ensure that bonuses are not paid where there is serious criminal wrongdoing.
What would be more refreshing from the Liberal Democrats is an explanation for why their MPs opposed Thames Tideway, the £4.5 billion scheme that will make such a difference to cleaning up the Thames and has been in place for the past eight years.
Not once has the hon.
Gentleman come to this Chamber to explain why, having asked so many questions on water, his MPs opposed Thames Tideway and that £4.5 billion of investment, which will do so much to clean up the Thames.
Although I am in the north of the county, I have been contacted this past weekend by concerned constituents.
What more can be done to reassure them that this issue cannot be repeated in the north of the county, which is very proud of its farming and cattle?
If this is found to be the result of a safety valve in a field, what more will be done to reassure other customers who fortunately were not affected this time but might be in future?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
It is not just those residents directly affected who are concerned; so too will be those in the surrounding areas.
Indeed, some of the initial media reports referred to “south Devon”, which led many residents in the wider catchment to think that they might be directly affected.
That is why the speed of the investigation and the work that the Drinking Water Inspectorate is doing is so critical, so that the facts can be quickly established.
As I said, I spoke to the chief executive at the weekend.
It has completed phase 1 of its investigation, and that work is ongoing.
There is a crisis of confidence in South West Water.
Its response has been hopeless, frankly.
It has  had poor communications, poor initial compensation, as every extra pound seems to be dragged out of it, and it has a record of failure on sewage.