It has no bearing.
We will make our judgments about the legality of our actions on our own terms, and we are confident in that legality.
Whether he has made an assessment of the adequacy of military resources allocated by the UK to Operation Shader to help deter Iranian attacks.
Our armed forces, through Operation Shader, which is focused really on the Daesh threat in Iraq, continue to support the development of the Iraqi Government in terms of their security.
We commend and thank the men and women involved in Operation Shader throughout the region.
We do that in the knowledge that Iran is indeed a threat that is undermining regional stability.
I thank my hon.
Friend for that answer.
Clearly, the brave resistance fighters in Iran will be celebrating the demise of the Butcher of Tehran today.
Iran controls Hamas, Hezbollah and other terrorist organisations.
Given the attack by Iran on Israel, what further assessment has my hon.
Friend made of the potential for Iran to launch another attack?
We take the threat Iran poses very seriously.
We note that it uses its malign influence to continue to destabilise the middle east through its pernicious use of proxies.
Our judgment is that that capability and intent remains.
Our role in deterrence regionally is hugely important.
I was very pleased recently to visit the magnificent sailors of the Royal Navy stationed in Bahrain.
I reiterated that point about the fantastic deterrent effect they were having when I had a highly  productive interview with the British Forces Broadcasting Service.
You will know, Mr Speaker, if you listen to BFBS as I do, that that point cannot be over-made.
We are grateful for the magnificent activities of our Royal Navy in the Gulf, which are keeping us all safe.
As the Minister has said, Operation Shader was originally put together in 2014 to defeat the Sunni Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant.
The Liberal Democrats are very supportive of the way in which the Royal Air Force was used last month to help to intercept the Iranian bombardment of Israel, but the last parliamentary vote on Operation Shader was held in 2014, when Members were approving resources and deployments of UK armed forces to defeat ISIL.
Will the Minister subject any operation that is designed to deter Iranian attacks to a debate and a vote?
It seems to me to be the settled view that Operation Shader is a good thing, and I do not sense any appetite for a parliamentary debate among colleagues across the Benches in this House.
I should put it on record that I was very pleased to meet the men and women of the Expeditionary Air Wing in Romania, who have contributed so bravely over recent months to magnificent military effect through that operation.
What steps he is taking to help support the delivery of aid to the middle east.
What steps he is taking to help support the delivery of aid to the middle east.
As we have discussed today, there is a desperate need for increased humanitarian support for Gaza.
We—especially in the MOD—are working alongside partners and international organisations to enable the Cypriot maritime aid corridor initiative.
Over the past few months, we have seen shocking levels of suffering in Gaza.
The only sustainable way in which to end this humanitarian disaster is an immediate ceasefire and the return of all hostages, but in the meantime aid must be provided to save the lives of innocent civilians.
Can the Minister explain why there has been only one shipment of UK aid in more than six months, and none so far this year?
On the contrary, we have been hugely active.
We have had 11 airdrops delivering more than 110 tonnes of humanitarian aid to Gaza, and that is in concert with our friends in Jordan.