Northern Ireland is very much part of our defence industry.
I call Chris Stephens.
He is not here.
Can the Front Bencher answer the question as though it had been asked?
What recent assessment his Department has made of trends in the level of harassment and bullying cases in the armed forces.
Mr Speaker, I will by all means answer the question.
In 2023, 262 service complaints relating to bullying, harassment and discrimination were ruled admissible, compared with 227 in 2022.
I am pleased to say that changes to the service complaints system in June 2022 have been encouraging people to come forward with their complaints.
The “My Complaint” app, which launched in October, will make the system easier and more accessible.
The defence anti-bullying hotline is a great step forward in ensuring that members of the armed forces have the support that they need, any time of day or night.
Can the Minister tell me what training advisers have had, not only on how to help our armed forces, but on ensuring that everything is completely anonymised, so that people can go forward with their life and get the support and help that they need?
Obviously a hotline is no good if the individuals at the other end of it are not trained.
I can give my hon.
Friend the assurance he seeks.
The most important thing is to ensure that people have confidence that if they come forward with complaints, they will be listened to and taken seriously.
I call the shadow Minister.
First, I thank the Minister for Defence People and Families for inviting me to visit the defence serious crime unit, which I did last Thursday.
The people there are obviously doing good work focused on tackling serious sexual and violent crimes in the armed forces.
Given the doubling of reports of bullying, discrimination and harassment in the Ministry of Defence since 2019, and some cases remaining unresolved for up to three years, what is the Minister doing to address the toxic culture in his Department?
Why is it that such things seem to be worsening on this Government’s watch?
I think the right hon.
Lady would have to admit that a lot has been done over the past two or three years, including the setting up of the defence serious crime unit and the defence victim witness care unit.
They are important.
The general message has been  that we have a zero-tolerance approach.
It has been, “Come forward.
You will be listened to and taken seriously.”
It is reasonable to assume that some of the figures are the result of people now having the confidence to come forward, because their complaints will be investigated independently.
Previously, that was not the case.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help detect biosecurity threats.
Defence remains committed to detecting biological threats.
We continue to work closely with the Cabinet Office on this matter and are the lead Department for the “detect” pillar of the biological security strategy.
We have prioritised funding to create the UK Microbial Forensics Consortium, which will strengthen our ability to detect biosecurity threats, now and into the future.
Over the past few years, the cost and impact of security failures relating to biosecurity has been much greater than that of those relating to physical security.
As the funding for the defence of this country rises to 2.5% of GDP, will the Minister ensure that he works with the Cabinet Office, the UK Health Security Agency, the Department of Health and Social Care and others to ensure that biosecurity, including protection from synthetic new threats, is at the top of the agenda?
We certainly will.