In general, the DIO and the Ministry of Defence will ensure that people have more than the minimum allowed by legislation, and we bend over backwards to ensure that people leaving service accommodation have somewhere to go to.
My hon.
Friend will appreciate the huge importance of what the UK defence industry is doing to help Ukraine get the equipment it needs.
Can he update the House on what his Department is doing to increase the amount of ammunition getting to the front line in Ukraine?
My hon.
Friend, who has Defence Equipment & Support in his constituency, has been a consistent champion of supporting Ukraine and he comes to every questions session to make that point.
We are working hard to get more munitions in there; I mentioned 400,000 artillery shells, but I could list an enormous amount of ordnance.
I can tell him and the House that we are not just doing everything possible ourselves, but cohering our allies and learning the lessons for our own armed forces.
We have to be in this for the long haul, and the fight for Ukraine’s freedom is the right one.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker, I think my hon.
Friend the Minister for Defence Procurement may have—inadvertently, I am sure—just misled the House of Commons.
Pegasus bridge was captured in a glider-borne assault by the Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry, not a parachute assault.
I know that because I was at the D-day 70 with the then Prime Minister David Cameron at 12.16 am to commemorate the assault.
I am sure it was an error by my hon.
Friend; no one will want to believe that an MOD Minister tried to change the history of D-day because the aircraft did not work.
The good news is that that is a point of clarification, which have been resolved.
We now come to the urgent question.
I will run this short: the question for the water company is about those who are affected, not other parts of the UK—so just for clarification, it is a tight UQ.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs to make a statement on South West Water and Brixham’s contamination.
On  Monday 13 May , South West Water was notified by the UK Health Security Agency of cryptosporidium cases in the Brixham area.
South West Water undertook monitoring from Monday evening into Tuesday, with the results on Wednesday morning identifying crypto in the Hillhead distribution area.
A boil notice was issued for customers on  Wednesday 15 May  to cover both the Hillhead area and the Alston area.
I know that has caused considerable concern and disruption to the local community.
To date, UKHSA has identified at least 46 confirmed cases of cryptosporidium but, given that symptoms may take up to 10 days to emerge, obviously that number may continue to rise.
Two people have been hospitalised.
Two bottled water stations were initially opened on  Thursday 16 May , and in my call with the chief executive on Friday, I requested that a third be opened and the hours extended, both of which then happened effective from Saturday.
I also raised concerns with the chief executive, including those shared with me by my hon.
Friends the Members for Totnes (Anthony Mangnall) and for Torbay (Kevin Foster) about inadequate compensation.
That was raised to £150 for residents in the Alston supply area and has now gone up to £215 for those continuing to be affected in the Alston area.
A helpline has been established for businesses and I requested that it work with local MPs to streamline the process.
In addition, my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Food, Farming and Fisheries visited the community on Friday.
Some 16,000 properties were initially subject to the boil notice, but 85% of them—32,000 residents in 14,500 properties that receive their water from the Alston reservoir—have now had the boil notice lifted.