One in three service personnel still lives in the lowest-grade service accommodation.
The Government’s words simply do not match their action.
Can the Minister honestly look service families in the eye and say that military housing under this Government is good enough?
The debate we have been having is about investment.
We put in an additional £400 million, which means that we have been able to overhaul thousands of properties, performing upgrades to deal with damp and mould and putting in new heating systems.
That costs money.
Our commitment to 2.5% means that we will get an extra £4 billion over the next decade.
Armed forces personnel know that Labour cannot possibly deliver that, because it will not match our commitment to 2.5%.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of the UK’s defensive capacity in the North sea.
Protecting the United Kingdom and responding to threats in our territorial waters is core business.
In conjunction with our allies and partners, we constantly monitor activity in UK waters and deter threats.
Our warships patrol the North sea frequently to achieve that deterrence.
I thank the Minister for his answer.
In the north Atlantic, Russian submarine activity has approached the most significant level since the cold war.
Operations such as Dynamic Mongoose are a welcome commitment to both NATO and North sea security.
How much of the new tranche of defence spending will be directed at the North sea and Arctic security?
Of course, we do not comment on our magnificent continuous at-sea deterrence.
What I can say is that it is a matter of public record that we are committed to a magnificent new generation of Type 26 anti-submarine warfare frigates, which will achieve the competitive edge that keeps us all safe.
Does the Minister recognise that the seismic array situated at Eskdalemuir in my constituency plays an important part in our defences not just in the North sea but elsewhere?
Does he agree it is essential that its capability is not in any way diminished by excessive wind farm development in the immediate vicinity of the facility?
I agree with my right hon.
Friend; he is absolutely right in his analysis.
The broader point is that this is another example of why, undoubtedly, England and Scotland, through the Union, are safer and better together.
What recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of the UK’s military support for Israel.
The UK and Israel have a long-standing defence relationship, as we have discussed already this morning.
Israel is a partner in the region, and a UK-Israel defence co-operation agreement was signed in December 2020.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
The problem of unconditional UK military support for Israel is that while the majority of this House and of the British public rightly support our intervention to help protect Israel from missile attacks from third countries, it is a different story when it comes to its intervention and aggression in Gaza.
How will His Majesty’s Government’s policy aim to sort out that conundrum?
Nothing is unconditional.
The point I have made this morning is that we are supporting our ally overcome a devastating terrorist attack.
We do that because it is the honourable thing to do.
Simultaneously, we make the point to our ally that the protection of civilian lives must be at the top of the operational agenda.
Furthermore, we use our military capability to ensure that humanitarian aid can flow into Gaza as quickly as possible.
In the light of the damning International Criminal Court statement today, how concerned is the Minister about the potential impact on the UK’s military relationship with Israel?
It has no bearing.
We will make our judgments about the legality of our actions on our own terms, and we are confident in that legality.
Whether he has made an assessment of the adequacy of military resources allocated by the UK to Operation Shader to help deter Iranian attacks.