Over the past few years, the cost and impact of security failures relating to biosecurity has been much greater than that of those relating to physical security.
As the funding for the defence of this country rises to 2.5% of GDP, will the Minister ensure that he works with the Cabinet Office, the UK Health Security Agency, the Department of Health and Social Care and others to ensure that biosecurity, including protection from synthetic new threats, is at the top of the agenda?
We certainly will.
Through the biological security strategy and the associated governance structure, we are working closely with the UK Health Security Agency to co-ordinate our response to the biodefence risk, and we are investing £5 million a year in our international biosecurity programme, so we are on the same page.
Does the Minister agree that there are real concerns in the light of recent reports about the increasing recklessness with which Russian operatives may interfere in our economy, directly and indirectly, and every other aspect of British lives?
Are we prepared for that kind of mischievousness?
Yes, we are.
Whether he plans to review the UK and Israel military co-operation agreement 2020.
An agreement for UK-Israel military co-operation was signed in December 2020.
There are no current plans for the agreement to be updated, but we continually review it to ensure that it remains relevant.
The rector of Glasgow University, who is an eminent Palestinian surgeon, has been narrating the horrors of the requirement to operate, and even perform amputations, on children—often without morphine—in Gaza.
He has also detailed the horrors of the use of  white phosphorus munitions.
White phosphorus ignites during surgery when exposed to the atmosphere and requires dousing, including during complicated operations.
Why are we in a military pact with military forces that carry out such actions?
If the Minister will not repudiate the pact entirely, will he ensure that the use of white phosphorus munitions in our name is not acceptable?
Of course it is not.
We have no role in that, and we see no evidence of the prospect of that being used.
We should focus on our confidence that Israel is an important ally, which means that we can make the point that the protection of civilians is of the utmost importance.
We should also remember that at the heart of this conflict is the fact that if peace is to be achieved, Hamas need to lay down their arms and release the hostages.
If a person calls for an intifada and chants genocidal chants, they are a supporter of Hamas.
People can also be inadvertent supporters of Hamas, and can aid and abet them.
One way in which that could happen is through having an arms embargo on Israel while Iran continues to arm Hamas, so that they can repeat the  7 October  attacks, as they have said they wish to.
Will the Minister confirm that the UK Government have no interest in changing their policy on defence agreements with Israel?
Indeed.
We are assured that the strength of our relationship with Israel allows us to make representations about the protection of civilians, and about the increase in the flow of humanitarian aid.
We do that in the context of it being an extremely important ally, while being cognisant of the broader threat from the terrorist group Hamas and Iran, which my hon.
Friend mentioned.
The F-35 programme has not only given world-leading capability to our Air Force and Navy, but provided jobs and technological advancement in the UK defence industry.
Could the Minister give an assurance that any review of our relationship with Israel will not jeopardise that programme?
I can give the right hon.
Gentleman that absolute assurance.
We are immensely proud of the F-35 project, which delivers devastatingly effective fighting power for us and our allies, and 20,000 UK jobs.