The war in Ukraine shows that drones will play a crucial part in future conflicts, so what are the Government learning from what is happening on the battlefield to ensure that our armed forces have the equipment they need to defend us from drone attacks?
That is an excellent question from my right hon.
Friend, and I am pleased that so many colleagues on this side of the House are asking about drones.
At the heart of our defence drone strategy is the commitment to learn from Ukraine and from the frontline, and we are well placed to do that because we have joint leadership of both the drone capability coalition in respect of Ukraine with Latvia, and the maritime coalition—where uncrewed systems have been so important—jointly with Norway.
There are two key steps we are taking.
One is to improve governance, to cohere that learning across defence and into our armed forces.
The other is to have a strong relationship with industry, and I can confirm that next month we will be holding an industry day in the MOD with drone companies from across the country.
What recent assessment he has made of the level of risk posed by hostile cyber-activity to the UK’s security.
We take the risk of hostile cyber-activity very seriously.
Our Department contributes to the national security risk assessment and the national risk register, and of course plays a key role in delivering the national cyber strategy to respond to hostile cyber-activity against the UK.
British cyber-security is among the best in the world, as the sector has innovative companies employing 58,000 people and revenues of £10 billion or more.
Under this Government, though, the Ministry of Defence’s record on cyber-security only gets worse, with breaches tripling over the last five years.
What steps is the Minister taking to work with British cyber-security innovators to overcome his Government’s lax record on cyber-security, to support British innovation and, crucially, to keep our armed forces safe?
We are doing all those things at pace and, of course, the scale of the challenge is very significant.
We are injecting a huge amount of money and institutional energy into ensuring that our cyber-defences are up to scratch.
We are at the point of the spear when it comes to defensive cyber, as illustrated by the brilliant men and women who are part of our National Cyber Force, and we commend them.
What recent assessment he has made of the security of the UK’s military bases and service personnel in the middle east.
Of course, the force protection of UK service personnel and our bases across the middle east is kept under constant review.
Having been in Bahrain and Qatar in recent days, I can report that the morale and conditions of those posted to the middle east tend to be very high—they are a very purposeful set of people—but, for operational security reasons, I would not make any comment on the security readiness action plan.
I pay tribute to the dedication and professionalism of the British armed forces personnel in the middle east who have kept us safe from terrorism and other hostile threats over many decades.
Will my hon.
Friend consider relooking at recognising all people who served historically in Aden for a service medal?
That was a very important campaign, and I am very happy to engage with my hon.
Friend.
I imagine that he might be asking about a specific constituency case, and I am very happy to sit down together to consider that.
What steps he plans to take to ensure efficient use of increased defence funding.
I am committed to ensuring that the defence uplift to 2.5% means that we spend the money as efficiently as possible.
The tremendous work by my hon.
Friend the Minister for Defence Procurement on the integrated procurement model is very important to the outcome of that spending.
I am very pleased to hear my right hon.