Can the Minister explain why there has been only one shipment of UK aid in more than six months, and none so far this year?
On the contrary, we have been hugely active.
We have had 11 airdrops delivering more than 110 tonnes of humanitarian aid to Gaza, and that is in concert with our friends in Jordan.
We commend the magnificent men and women of the Royal Air Force, who have been instrumental in delivering that much-needed aid.
I echo the commendation that the Minister has just given our air service personnel.
However, no one can be unmoved by the humanitarian crisis in Gaza, with scenes of children dying of hunger—it is utterly intolerable.
I welcome the Government’s efforts  to deploy UK aid flights and airdrops into Gaza, but the mounting scale of this disaster is showing that that is simply not enough.
Can the Minister explain what the Government are doing to increase the number of UK aid shipments and access to Ashdod port?
We are seeking to ensure an increased flow not just through the air but by road and sea, which is why we have been instrumental in the setting up of the humanitarian pier.
We commend and thank the captain and crew of the RFA Cardigan Bay, which is providing life support for those involved in the pier’s delivery.
We hope that this is the first of a sequence of increased deliveries via all three routes.
What steps he is taking to ensure that the UK meets its NATO obligations.
What steps he is taking to ensure that the UK meets its NATO obligations.
Our commitment to NATO is unwavering.
In response to Russia’s illegal war in Ukraine, we have committed almost all our forces to NATO.
We contribute to every single NATO mission and declare our nuclear deterrent to NATO.
We show our commitment not least through our increase in defence spending to 2.5%.
The Public Accounts Committee has warned that
“deterrence can only be effective if our Armed Forces are credible.”
However, that has been “undermined” by recruitment issues, with more people leaving the forces than being recruited.
What message does the Secretary of State think that sends to our NATO allies?
I am pleased to inform the hon.
Lady and the House that we are now seeing a very high level of applications.
Last week, the First Sea Lord told me that HMS Raleigh, where the training takes place, is the fullest it has been for more than eight years.
We have seen a big increase in applications to all three services, and long may it continue.
I am sure the Secretary of State recognises that the UK plays an outsize role in NATO as a crucial bridge between the United States and Europe.
Does he agree that the UK should be contributing its huge industrial expertise to EU defence and security programmes, offering NATO additional resilience and choice while securing sovereign capability through home-grown intellectual property?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right: our missions do indeed play an outsized role in NATO.
We are the second biggest spender in NATO and the largest spender in Europe by a country mile, as Jens Stoltenberg, the Secretary-General, said to me the other week.
As I said in my original answer, we are contributors to every single NATO mission, plus we declare our nuclear deterrent to NATO—other than France, we are  the only country in Europe to do that.
We will always look at ways to do more with NATO.
Committing to 2.5% of GDP sends a very clear signal that we are on the side of doing that.
Maintaining freedom of passage through the Greenland-Iceland-UK gap is an essential task for NATO, particularly for the resupply of Europe in times of war.
Does the Secretary of State agree that there is an equally big threat from half the Russian fleet being in the Arctic?