There is a crisis of confidence in South West Water.
Its response has been hopeless, frankly.
It has  had poor communications, poor initial compensation, as every extra pound seems to be dragged out of it, and it has a record of failure on sewage.
What will the Government do to help restore confidence that South West Water is not only competent and able to manage our water supply, but that the water that comes through our taps is safe for everyone to drink?
How can we encourage people to have faith in the outstanding and brilliant tourist offer that we have in the south-west, which has been battered yet again by bad news because of South West Water?
I agree with the hon.
Gentleman about the brilliant tourist offer, and there is work to do to support businesses, particularly in the hospitality trade, which will have been impacted by the reputational damage that the area has had as a consequence.
I assure him that I made those points to South West Water.
As I said in my statement, I have also spoken to it about compensation, which has moved, although there is further work to do, particularly with the business community.
That is also why the investigation is so important, so that we get to the bottom of exactly what happened.
That is important for residents who have had the disruption of the boil water notice, and for residents further afield.
This has been a devastating event.
Although constituents in Newton Abbot were not directly affected, this is an issue of trust, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for North Devon (Selaine Saxby)  said.
It is about trust in South West Water as an organisation—there is a long way to go before that trust is restored—but also about trust in the quality of our water, and in our regulators to hold organisations such as South West Water to account.
What do Ofwat and the Drinking Water Inspectorate do to challenge the water plans that these water companies put out to test what could go wrong?
What risk analysis and assessment is there?
What contingency plans are put in place?
Trust can be rebuilt not just through the inquiry, but by making absolutely sure that the regulators—in all their guises—have in place the appropriate testing to ensure that this sort of thing cannot happen again.
My hon.
Friend talks about the huge importance of the quality of drinking water.
That is why we have the Drinking Water Inspectorate there, and it will be fully investigating, and it is why a precautionary approach was taken with Alston.
As I have said, on the information that I have, the tests suggest it was upstream of any problem, but a precautionary approach was taken.
That indicates how seriously we take these issues.
It is important we get to the bottom of exactly what has happened and what has caused this incident, and the DWI is working actively to do that.
In 2022, the Drinking Water Inspectorate found South West Water guilty, saying that the company
“did not follow best practice”
to avoid and shorten events where customers report problems about the taste and quality of their drinking water.
It was fined a quarter of a million pounds.
It was found guilty the year after for a six-year period of illegal discharges of sewage.
The CEO awarded themselves almost £2 million in bonuses and awarded £112 million in dividends.
Is it not time that all bonuses, all dividends and all bill rises are suspended until our water companies sort themselves out?
If they do not, they need special administration.
May I remind Members that when they are asking a question or speaking, they are meant to look at the Chair, not at somebody down at the bottom of the Chamber, because we might be unable to hear what is being said?
It is because of the good work of  the hon.