We do not support the individuals in that Government; we support the country itself.
In Fareham, we are rightly proud of our world-class aircraft carriers docked in nearby Portsmouth, providing thousands of jobs and being a huge credit to our Royal Navy.
However, we all know that neither the Queen Elizabeth nor the Prince of Wales has as many jets, small warships or submarines as originally planned.
Will the Minister please tell me how further defence spending will be used to bring online the full complement of F-35 jets, for example, so that our carrier strike group has the full capability to meet the modern threats of today?
My right hon.
and learned Friend asks an excellent question.
She is right about the importance of the carrier strike group.
On the key point about the F-35s, we have confirmed 48 aircraft by 2025 and a further 27 by 2033, but in addition to that it is about working with our allies so that our carriers are at the heart of NATO operations, and ensuring that we have the maintenance and crews in place.
As we saw recently, when we needed to get the second ship active, she was ready in eight days.
That was a phenomenal achievement.
It shows how effective we are at getting our carriers in place when we need them.
The Minister for Veterans’ Affairs promised last year to end veterans homelessness by the end of that year.
Instead, veterans homelessness rose by 14%.
Are Ministers proud that their Government are failing to deliver on their promise to their veterans?
I say to the hon.
Lady, who has been consistent in that line of questioning, that one person homeless is one person too many.
It is important to emphasise that most people leave the armed forces in a very good position, with skills that will advance their careers in civilian life.
I do not want her giving the impression that people are damaged as a result of the service that they have given; the very reverse of that is the case.
We will of course continue to support veterans, charities and initiatives to ensure that, particularly in places such as naval base port areas and garrison towns, we house everybody who needs accommodation.
Britain’s world-leading motor sports industry is worth at least £10 billion annually to the UK economy.
The sport’s governing body, Motorsport UK, has proudly sponsored access to military venues for many years, but despite recently signing the armed forces covenant, that access appears to be diminishing.
Will the Minister please agree to meet me, and perhaps the Defence Infrastructure Organisation, to discuss better third-party revenue-generating opportunities for the MOD estate?
I would of course be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend.
On the subject of motorsport, I stress to him and the House that the MOD has a brilliant partnership with McLaren, jointly innovating to look at, for example, technology relating to electronic vehicles.
I am more than happy to meet him and look into the matter further.
A constituent of mine who rents his home from the Ministry of Defence has recently been given notice to quit within two months, without any reason.
He has never missed any rent payments and he has been unable to contact his landlord with a query on the instruction.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the situation?
I am very happy to meet the hon.
Lady to discuss that; I have seen several cases of people having to leave their service accommodation.
In general, the DIO and the Ministry of Defence will ensure that people have more than the minimum allowed by legislation, and we bend over backwards to ensure that people leaving service accommodation have somewhere to go to.
My hon.
Friend will appreciate the huge importance of what the UK defence industry is doing to help Ukraine get the equipment it needs.