I agree with my hon.
Friend that speed is absolutely critical, first for the detection of the issue itself and the remediation of any health risk, and then in speed of communication so that there is no vacuum in which misleading information can arise.
On the wider point about the speed of comms, I think this is an ongoing issue, because one of the concerns that my hon.
Friends the Members for Totnes (Anthony Mangnall) and for Torbay (Kevin Foster) have raised with me is the impact that negative publicity might have on tourism in the area.
That is exactly the sort of area I have been pushing South West Water to think about proactively, so that it can get ahead with support for comms and advertising.
It should be working with the business groups on which there has been a significant impact, so  that it can demonstrate that it gets it, support the business community and create processes that are simplified, streamlined and easy to access.
The belated and pitiful offer of compensation by South West Water is somehow symbolic of the complete disconnect that the very wealthy people who run our privatised water industry seem to be suffering from, and I am afraid the Secretary of State is suffering from the same disconnect.
He has given the impression that he is not responsible for the water industry and its failings over recent years.
He is responsible, so please can he answer the perfectly reasonable questions from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull West and Hessle (Emma Hardy) : why will he not make the bosses of the water industry criminally liable, why will he not put the industry into special measures, and why will he not stop these outrageous bonuses being paid to their CEOs?
The right hon.
Member seems to have missed what we have done.
First, as I touched on in my response to the urgent question, I personally have been chairing calls with the chief executive and key stakeholders —for example, on Friday and Saturday.
The Minister for Food, Farming and Fisheries, who has responsibility for agriculture, visited the community on Friday morning and has had daily contact with the chief executive.
Indeed, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Totnes (Anthony Mangnall)  and I have been speaking multiple times a day on these issues, so the right hon.
Member’s suggestion that we have not been involved just does not cut the mustard.
On bonuses, we have already taken action.
We have a consultation with Ofwat on restricting bonuses, because I actually agree with the right hon.
Member that, where there is serious criminal wrongdoing by a water company, bonuses should not be paid to executives.
We actually agree on that point, and we are taking action.
On the right hon.
Member’s third point, about prosecution, as I touched on in my answer to  the hon.
Member for Kingston upon Hull West and Hessle (Emma Hardy) , we currently have the largest criminal prosecution by the Environment Agency of water firms.
Much to my frustration, I am restricted in some of the things I am allowed to know about that investigation, because it is a matter for an independent body—the Environment Agency.
However, that investigation is ongoing and it is the largest in the EA’s history.
It shows that we are prepared to get tough with the water companies.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Totnes (Anthony Mangnall)  for securing this urgent question, and I applaud all his efforts over the past week.
South West Water’s response to this crisis has left a lot to be desired.
Many people in Brixham have fallen seriously ill, while hospitality and tourism businesses across Devon have seen their takings slashed and bookings cancelled.
They all deserve compensation.
Can my right hon.
Friend outline the timescales for the ongoing investigation and when the results of this investigation will become public?
My hon.