I can give the right hon.
Gentleman that absolute assurance.
We are immensely proud of the F-35 project, which delivers devastatingly effective fighting power for us and our allies, and 20,000 UK jobs.
Following on from the 2020 agreement, in November 2021, Britain and Israel signed a memorandum of understanding, elevating the UK-Israel bilateral relationship to a strategic partnership.
The partnership is underpinned by extensive security and defence co-operation, but it also states that we will co-operate to improve Palestinian livelihoods and economic development.
What future does my hon.
Friend see for the memorandum, in the light of the war in Gaza?
My hon.
Friend asks a relevant question.
Our commitment to a two-state solution in which Palestinians achieve statehood is at the heart of our diplomacy and defence posture throughout the region, and it is unchanged.
What the budget is for the maintenance of service accommodation for financial year 2024-25.
The Defence Infrastructure Organisation’s accommodation budget has not yet been finalised for the financial year 2024-25.
The Government continue to invest significant sums to improve the quality of UK service family accommodation.
The spend for 2023-24 on SFA maintenance and improvement was £384 million.
An additional £400 million of funding over financial years 2023-24 and 2024-25 was announced as part of the defence Command Paper refresh last July.
The new head of infrastructure at the DIO, Commodore Leah Griffin, has written in her monthly newsletter to military families that the financial situation is “more challenging than ever”, and only urgent repairs will be considered.
We can see that on the ground in my constituency.
A service person’s partner who has had abdominal surgery has been unable to climb in and out of their bath to have a shower, and has been refused any kind of modification to assist them.
That kind of financial challenge has a real impact on servicemen and women’s lives.
Could the Minister look at the problem, and commit to ensuring a decent standard of accommodation for those people who put their life on the line for us?
The hon.
Lady is consistent in raising accommodation issues.
As ever, if she has a specific case, she is more than welcome to write to me about it, if she has not already done so.
On funding, I gently remind her that we committed an additional £400 million, and because of our commitment to 2.5%, we can confirm that we are able to put another £4 billion into SFA over the next 10 years—a significant investment.
My hon.
Friend will agree that it is important that our service accommodation be of high quality, but we should also support members of our armed forces in buying a home for themselves and their families.
What support is there in the modernised accommodation offer to help soldiers, sailors and pilots get on the housing ladder?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point, which speaks to my previous career, running a small business that helped first-time buyers.
Forces Help to Buy has been a great success, but we also recently confirmed support with conveyancing costs, because the cost of getting on the property ladder includes not just the purchase but all the ancillary costs.
We are committed to supporting our armed forces personnel, whether that means investing in the accommodation of those in SFA or single living accommodation, or helping those who want to get on to the property ladder.
I call the shadow Minister.
Everyone who serves our country should live in a decent home, but last month, the independent Kerslake commission’s report on armed forces housing  found that the majority of service personnel are dissatisfied with housing conditions, and very dissatisfied with the maintenance and repair service.
One in three service personnel still lives in the lowest-grade service accommodation.
The Government’s words simply do not match their action.
Can the Minister honestly look service families in the eye and say that military housing under this Government is good enough?