Committing to 2.5% of GDP sends a very clear signal that we are on the side of doing that.
Maintaining freedom of passage through the Greenland-Iceland-UK gap is an essential task for NATO, particularly for the resupply of Europe in times of war.
Does the Secretary of State agree that there is an equally big threat from half the Russian fleet being in the Arctic?
Will he join us on  Thursday 8 July  at a symposium that we and NATO are holding jointly in Portcullis House to discuss defence in the Arctic?
That is a very important point, and questions have already been raised today about the size of the Russian fleet, what it is doing and where it is active.
I will have to check the date, rather than answer my hon.
Friend from the Dispatch Box, but I am much predisposed to attend the symposium.
I call the shadow Minister.
We are warned by the Secretary of State that we are in a “pre-war world”, yet we do not have sufficient training and resources to undertake high-intensity warfighting, and we do not have the equipment and stockpiles for our forces to survive a prolonged campaign.
It has been 14 years; when will this be put right?
The hon.
Gentleman may not be aware that we have just provided the largest number of personnel to the largest NATO exercise in Europe since the cold war—Steadfast Defender, which is the largest exercise for 40 years.
The United Kingdom can be very proud of the number of people we supplied on land, in the air and at sea.
I have to make a fundamental point to those on the Opposition Front Bench: we cannot just wish ourselves to security; we have to spend 2.5% of GDP, and we have to set out the trajectory to get there.
That is exactly what the Government have done.
What recent estimate he has made of the cost to the public purse of Trident renewal.
The right hon.
Gentleman asks about the Trident programme, but I am unclear about whether he means the Dreadnought submarine part of that.
Of course, different parts of a programme often combine together, but the Dreadnoughts themselves will enter service in the early 2030s.
That was an interesting answer from the Secretary of State.
The Government and the loyal Opposition have both pledged to commit to Trident renewal, investing obscene amounts of money that would be better used to improve our NHS, to help households with the cost of living and to support personnel or, indeed, veterans.
According to the House of Commons Library briefing, Trident renewal is expected to cost £21 billion in 2022-23 prices, while one in three children  is currently living in poverty.
When will the Secretary of State agree that Trident renewal is an obscene waste of money, which could be put to much better uses?
I was recently at Faslane in Scotland, and I can tell the right hon.
Gentleman that that is not what the people employed in the defence sector think about Trident.
I can tell him something else: having stood at the Dispatch Box and been Defence Secretary, I know that the defence of this country is vastly supported by having our nuclear deterrent.
In my view, every other issue that we face comes after the defence of this realm.
Although  the right hon.
Member for Midlothian (Owen Thompson)  is a valued member of the Intelligence and Security Committee, I think the Secretary of State would agree that the SNP is very much on its own on the idea of scrapping the nuclear deterrent.
I am put in mind of a quotation from the late Denis Healey, who said that
“once we cut defence expenditure to the extent where our security is imperilled, we have no houses, we have no hospitals, we have no schools.
We have a heap of cinders.
”—[Official Report,  5 March 1969 ; Vol.
779, c. 551.]