Gentleman further.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
We are very mindful of the situation in Ukraine, particularly in Kharkiv where Russia is making, or trying to make, inroads.
This is an existential battle for all civilised countries that believe in democracy and freedom, and it is the case that we must ensure that the world continues to keep up the efforts.
It is not right for there to be pauses in our support and, when there are, the sort of losses we have seen on—I hope and believe—a temporary basis in Kharkiv around the villages to the north are an inevitable consequence of inaction.
Lieutenant General Pavliuk, Ukraine’s commander of ground forces, recently confirmed that medium and short-range strike drones now kill more soldiers on both sides of the conflict than any other weapon.
Is that not both a grim milestone in the history of warfare and the strongest possible signal that His Majesty’s armed forces must master that developing technology if they are to preserve and enhance their combat effectiveness?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
It is one reason why this country has been at the forefront of providing drones.
Indeed, we have made an enormous £325 million contribution to the drones coalition and provided 4,000 drones in the latest package, and there is a lot more to come for Ukraine.
This bloody war is now killing, or causing casualties to, up to 1,000 Russians a day, and it needs to come to a stop.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The Government’s increase in military aid to Ukraine for this year and the years ahead has Labour’s fullest support.
Weekend newspapers reported that D-day celebrations are at risk from RAF cuts, and the latest MOD figures confirm that nearly 50,000 full-time forces personnel have been cut since 2010.
The Defence Secretary’s predecessor,  the right hon.
Member for Wyre and Preston North (Mr Wallace) , admitted that this Government have “hollowed out and underfunded” the forces.
He is right, isn’t he?
I very much appreciate the hon.
Gentleman’s support for the ongoing support to Ukraine of £3 billion a year.
I gently say to him that it is not possible to provide that support without a route to getting there, with the 2.5%; otherwise, it will come out of the rest of the budget.
I, too, read the story over the weekend, and it is simply not the case.
We will have, in fact, 181 parachuters—exactly the same number as those who jumped in that location on D-day.
We will also raise defence spending to 2.5% of GDP to meet increasing threats, but this is not the magic wand that will fix 14 years of Tory failure: the Army, cut; the Navy, cut; the RAF, cut.
Even defence spending—at 2.5% under Labour in 2010—has been cut by £80 billion since.
Is it not clear that the armed forces cannot afford another five years of Conservative Government?
The armed forces cannot afford a Labour Government if Labour cannot answer one simple question: when?
I and other colleagues, particularly my hon.
Friend the Member for South Dorset (Richard Drax) and the hon.
Member for Newport East (Jessica Morden), would like to follow up on the Minister’s comments to the House in March regarding the tragic sinking of RFA Sir Galahad in the Falklands war?
Does the Minister have any update on the release of further files regarding that case?
Following meetings with colleagues and veterans, having personally reviewed the files at the National Archives, and in the interests of transparency, I am placing copies of two recently reviewed extracts from the 1982 board of inquiry report on the loss of RFA Sir Galahad in the Library of the House.
Those extracts are drawn from different sections of the inquiry and have been returned to the National Archives within the main report, which will be publicly available.