Have we sold the Hercules aircraft?
If we have not, can we put them back in service?
As the Secretary of State confirmed, we will have two A400M aircraft available for D-Day 80 on  5 June .
The number of people who will be dropped will be 181, for the very good reason that that is the number of paratroopers who, at sixteen minutes past midnight on D-Day itself, landed and took the bridge that we named Pegasus.
In my Westminster Hall debate last year, the Minister for Defence Procurement announced plans to close the Chicksands base in my constituency, and pledged to  write with further detail.
I am yet to hear more from the Minister, but my constituents are, understandably, becoming deeply concerned.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the issue further and what more we can do in the meantime to address the shocking state of accommodation on the base?
I am happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman.
I warmly welcome the Government’s commitment to spend 2.5% of GDP on defence spending, but after we have won the next general election, growth will come to the economy and there will be much more money to be spent on defence?
How would my right hon.
Friends spend that money in the defence of the realm?
My hon.
Friend is right to point that out, because some assumptions have been a little misplaced in this House until now.
We will ensure that we can do a whole range of things that will help to make this country stronger and more secure.
On that, he has my word.
I thank the Minister for Defence People and Families on behalf of Falklands veterans and their families, including Mike Hermanis, who brought the issue to me, for releasing the documents relating to the bombing of the Sir Galahad in 1982, which exonerate the Welsh Guards.
I know that the campaign, which includes my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cardiff South and Penarth (Stephen Doughty) , will continue to seek the full truth, but does the Minister agree that instead of being blamed the Welsh Guards are owed our thanks for their service?
I agree with the hon.
Lady.
As the Government have made clear consistently throughout, no blame is attached in particular to the Welsh Guards.
They committed themselves heroically on that day, and I join her in saluting them, in particular those who died.
It is of huge strategic interest to Britain and the west that Israel prevails against Hamas and their funders in Iran.
The Foreign Secretary was right to state last week that ending military exports to Israel would embolden Hamas and Iran.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that such a move would both harm UK defence interests and disadvantage our own armed forces, who rely on Israeli-made battlefield equipment?
My hon.
Friend is correct in her analysis.
We are particularly focused on ensuring that our assets in the region contribute to the release of the hostages.
What is the policy of His Majesty’s Government on defence deals and arms sales to countries whose head of armed forces is under arrest warrant for alleged war crimes and crimes against humanity?
As the Minister for Armed Forces pointed out, the licensing regime is entirely independent of that.
We support the country.
We support the only  democracy in that part of the world.
We do not support the individuals in that Government; we support the country itself.
In Fareham, we are rightly proud of our world-class aircraft carriers docked in nearby Portsmouth, providing thousands of jobs and being a huge credit to our Royal Navy.
However, we all know that neither the Queen Elizabeth nor the Prince of Wales has as many jets, small warships or submarines as originally planned.