If they do not, they need special administration.
May I remind Members that when they are asking a question or speaking, they are meant to look at the Chair, not at somebody down at the bottom of the Chamber, because we might be unable to hear what is being said?
It is because of the good work of  the hon.
Member for Totnes (Anthony Mangnall)  that I was able to ask that question.
In the end, the good work of the hon.
Member for Totnes was only allowed by the Chair—think that way first!
I will take that steer, Mr Speaker, and direct my remarks your way.
First, there is agreement on bonuses that where there is criminal wrongdoing, they should not be paid.
On dividends, there is a debate with Treasury colleagues on the balance between attracting investment into the sector and taking further measures.
I have also touched on the largest ever criminal prosecution currently under way with the Environment Agency.
It is important that we do not pre-empt the investigation.
We need to get to the bottom of exactly what has happened and who is at fault, where there is fault.
I am sure that as part of that,  the hon.
Member for Brighton, Kemptown (Lloyd Russell-Moyle)  and Members of the House will look at what monitoring was in place, what different parties did and whether any lessons from previous incidents were sufficiently learned.
Those are issues that should rightly be explored through the investigation, and that is what the DWI is doing.
With permission, I would like to make a statement on Israel and Gaza.
Over seven months since the horrors of  7 October , there is no end to the current conflict in sight.
This Government want to bring the conflict to a sustainable end as soon as possible, but as so often with conflicts of this nature, the question is not about our desire for peace, but rather about the best means of achieving it.
We continue to believe that the fastest way to end the conflict is to secure a deal that gets the hostages out and allows for a pause in the fighting in Gaza.
We would then have to work with our international partners to turn that pause into a sustainable permanent ceasefire.
Building momentum towards a lasting peace will require a number of elements, including removing Hamas’s capacity to launch attacks against Israel.
It was a deal of that kind that secured a pause in the fighting before Christmas—the only such pause since Hamas’s horrific attack.
It was that approach that the United Nations Security Council endorsed just last month, following some effective British diplomacy.
A deal with Hamas for a pause in the fighting would involve exchanging hundreds of Palestinian prisoners charged with serious acts of terrorism in return for the hostages’ release.
I do not underestimate how difficult that must be for the Israeli Government, but it is the best way forward that we see right now.
We continue to work closely with the United States and partners in the region to support such a deal.
We do not believe that the International Criminal Court prosecutor seeking warrants will help in that regard.
As we have said from the outset, we do not think that the ICC has jurisdiction in this case.
A deal as I have described offers the best prospects of reuniting more hostages with their families; the anguish for them is unbearable.
I am sure that the whole House joins me in holding the family of Nadav Popplewell in our thoughts at this deeply distressing time.
We are still working intensively to establish the facts after the awful video that his Hamas kidnappers released last week.
The Foreign Secretary met the family last week to hear more about their ordeal at first hand.
Likewise, we send our condolences to those families whose loved ones the Israeli authorities stated last week had died.