In addition, my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Food, Farming and Fisheries visited the community on Friday.
Some 16,000 properties were initially subject to the boil notice, but 85% of them—32,000 residents in 14,500 properties that receive their water from the Alston reservoir—have now had the boil notice lifted.
Not only have all the tests on the Alston reservoir been clear, but South West Water says that the positive test of the valve supports its contention that the most likely cause is downstream of that reservoir.
If that is the case, those 85% of residents were never subject to any water issues and the boil notice was applied on a precautionary basis.
Notwithstanding that, I am sure that there will be ongoing concern, so daily testing of that water will continue for the foreseeable future.
The Hillhead reservoir has now been drained, cleaned and refilled.
A flush of the network, which aims to remove traces of cryptosporidium detected in the system, was started this morning.
We are working with South West Water and the Drinking Water Inspectorate, recognising the ongoing disruption to the remaining 15% of residents.
I know that South West Water will want to comply fully and in a timely fashion with the investigation of the Drinking Water Inspectorate.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for granting this urgent question.
I thank the Secretary of State and the Minister with responsibility for rivers, the Under-Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Keighley (Robbie Moore) , for their extraordinary co-operation over the past week.
I have wanted for nothing from them, and they have done an extraordinary job.
I thank them and their team for being on hand at a moment’s notice to liaise with me and with the local organisations in my constituency and that of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Torbay (Kevin Foster) .
In Brixham the anger is palpable, the frustration is apparent and the sheer inconvenience that has been put on residents by South West Water is absolutely abhorrent.
I have spent the past week and weekend delivering leaflets that South West Water should have been delivering —it has failed to update residents on the situation before them.
I have spoken with residents and businesses about compensation and the reputational damage suffered by Brixham, one of this country’s finest coastal communities.
Last week, South West Water was accused of making people ill, not by an organisation, but by Tanya Matthews in a Facebook post.
That post received 1,200 responses in which people identified common symptoms, yet South West Water did nothing.
For 24 hours, people were still able to drink the water and South West Water continued to say that there was no problem.
The reason 46 people are ill—and that is most certainly an underestimation—is the time period in which they were able to go on drinking the water.
Of course, it is welcome news that the Alstom reservoir has been cleared and independent monitoring and verification has been undertaken by the UK Health Security Agency and the Drinking Water Inspectorate, but it is still wholly unacceptable that the 8,000 residents in the Hillhead reservoir area are still dependent on bottled water and cannot trust their water systems.
In the 21st century, that is a totally unacceptable position for us to be in.
South West Water and its management carry the responsibility for it.
I welcome the fact that we have three drinking water stations in Churston, Broadsands and Freshwater Quarry, and that 500,000 bottles have distributed—the teams on the ground have done an extraordinary job, and we should applaud them—but I have four questions for the Secretary of State.
Can UKHSA and the DWI continue to provide independent monitoring over the coming weeks and months to ensure that there is confidence in the drinking water supply?
Will there be an investigation into South West Water’s handling of this matter?