Does the Minister have any update on the release of further files regarding that case?
Following meetings with colleagues and veterans, having personally reviewed the files at the National Archives, and in the interests of transparency, I am placing copies of two recently reviewed extracts from the 1982 board of inquiry report on the loss of RFA Sir Galahad in the Library of the House.
Those extracts are drawn from different sections of the inquiry and have been returned to the National Archives within the main report, which will be publicly available.
Yesterday, hundreds of RMT members at the Royal Fleet Auxiliary Service took industrial action over their pay, which has fallen behind by 36% in real terms, allowing for inflation, since 2010.
Earlier, the Minister for Armed Forces commended RFA crews for the work they are doing, particularly off the coast of Gaza.
Will the Minister for Defence People and Families agree to meet RMT officials to ensure that RFA seafarers are paid fairly for the vital work they do supporting the Royal Navy?
As the grandson of an RFA officer, I defer to nobody in my admiration for the Royal Fleet Auxiliary.
I commend the RFA for maintaining its operational commitments, in particular in relation to Gaza.
Clearly, we listen to what Nautilus has to say with a great deal of interest and I hope the dispute will be ended as soon as possible.
RAF Valley is the largest employer of skilled workers on Ynys Môn.
The UK Government have cemented their commitment to RAF Valley with £175 million for a new  flying school, £600 million for Hawk engineering support and £44 million to improve the second runway.
What assurance can the Minister give to engineers and those who work on the Hawk T2 maintenance contract that there will be well paid, local jobs for them post-2040?
I very much enjoyed my visit to RAF Valley in February.
I can confirm that the RAF has already started its standard capability investigation process into the future of combat aircrew training.
The comprehensive review will include the procurement of the replacement of the current advanced jet trainer capability.
The investigation will consider options for aircraft, simulators and associated combined live and virtual training, such that we can continue to deliver world-class training capability for UK armed forces.
It will provide evidence on likely cost and timing of the replacement training solution to the Hawk T2.
I call Barry Sheerman. [
Interruption.]
Barry Sheerman?
I am sorry, Mr Speaker, I was thinking of an even better question—
Stick to the main one.
Indeed.
As you know, Mr Speaker, my family comes from a military background, although I am not a military expert.
Time and again, my constituents say they have heard about a shortage of shells, ammunition and others things that we cannot supply to the Ukrainians.
What is the hold-up?
Why are we not working 24/7 to produce the tools that our Ukrainian allies want?
The hon.
Gentleman asks about the supply of shells.
I am delighted to tell to him that we previously confirmed the provision of 300,000 artillery shells to Ukraine.
The latest figure is that this country has procured 400,000 artillery shells directly into Ukraine.
That is a smart tie you are wearing, Mr Speaker.
How can it be that despite spending billions of pounds on 22 A400M aircraft, we have only one available for D-Day 80?
If there are more, let us hear about it.
Why did we retire a highly reliable aircraft in the Hercules, for a highly unreliable one in the A400M?
Have we sold the Hercules aircraft?
If we have not, can we put them back in service?
As the Secretary of State confirmed, we will have two A400M aircraft available for D-Day 80 on  5 June .