It might be hard to imagine on a sunny day like today, but winter is just around the corner.
The reality for many worried pensioners in my constituency is that this winter there will be a choice between heating and eating.
We have a Government who are tiptoeing around the real issues while our constituents struggle to make ends meet.
When will the Government make a real plan to tackle the cost of living crisis and implement meaningful action to help thousands of pensioners in poverty?
With respect to the hon.
Lady, that is exactly what we are doing.
That is why we have put the cost of living payments in place, which are worth £900 to all those on pension credit, and why a cost of living pensioner payment worth £300 is coming out in the winter.
All the while the Labour Mayor of London is charging pensioners £12.50 when they want to drive to the hospital.
Clearly, there is a stigma attached to claiming pension credit, because this is on poorer pensioners who desperately need the money.
What action can my hon.
Friend take to remove that stigma?
My constituency has recently been added to the pilot, and I am looking forward to its results, because elderly people deserve to get the money they need to fulfil their lives.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right on that, and I praise all the work he has done in his constituency on pension credit.
We are trying to do exactly what he sets out: encourage as many people as possible to claim this important benefit, at a time when they are going to need it most.
I note that across the House good work has been done in individual constituencies.
I call the shadow Minister.
As inflation rises, being able to top up pension contributions is vital for many part-time workers, who would otherwise not be able to claim the full state pension.
However, a Daily Mail investigation showed that the Government are failing to accurately record people’s top-up contributions.
Pensioners are terrified that their money has simply disappeared, so when will the Government get a grip of this terrible problem?
When will Ministers show that they understand the pressure on families and pensioners due to the cost of living crisis?
With the comprehensive package of support I have talked about today, we have shown that we are taking action during the cost of living crisis to help pensioners as much as we can.
We know that accuracy is the most important thing when it comes to the state pension, which is why we have taken action very quickly to correct issues where they have occurred, for example, with LEAP—the legal entitlement and administrative practices exercise.
We will do the same in all such cases.
What steps he is taking to increase employment in Essex.
I know that my right hon.
Friend is a champion for job creation in Essex, where our jobcentres are working with a range of employers and partners to address recruitment on an ongoing basis.
For example, last Wednesday, Essex jobcentres hosted a recruitment event at Stansted airport to match constituents of hers, and of my right hon.
Friends the Members for Saffron Walden (Kemi Badenoch) and for Braintree (James Cleverly), and of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Colchester (Will Quince) , to dozens of catering, hospitality and logistics-based jobs.
Essex is a powerhouse on jobs and employment, but there is always more to do and businesses are saying that they are finding barriers to creating more jobs.
Will the Minister give an update on how he is working across government to create a labour market strategy to help enable businesses to recruit, to lower taxes and burdens for businesses, and, in particular, to make it easier for small businesses in counties such as Essex to start employing more people and to recruit?
I endorse pretty much everything that my right hon.
Friend says.