Interruption.]
I hear a lot of chuntering from the Opposition.
I would be absolutely delighted if they would get on and support our reforms so we can make those improvements.
Universal credit has been hugely effective in making sure it always pays to work, but for jobseekers with no savings who used to be paid daily or weekly the five-week wait for their first payment can plunge them into debt, whether it is a DWP advance or other loans.
Will Ministers consider the proposals in “Poverty Trapped” for initial payments to be made at the same daily or weekly frequency as a jobseeker was previously paid, so they can focus on finding a job rather than juggling their debts?
I can tell my hon.
Friend that there are no plans to change the assessment period and payment structure of universal credit, but I am very happy for him to sit down with officials and discuss his paper.
A constituent battling multiple sclerosis recently came to one of my surgeries after his PIP application was refused without ever receiving a face-to-face assessment—and he did request one.
The automated letter dismissing his appeal used incredibly insulting and derogatory language.
Without ever meeting him, the Minister’s Department declared my constituent fit and able despite this clearly not being the case.
I am doing whatever I can to support my constituent, but surely the Minister will agree that PIP applicants deserve face-to-face assessments rather than this dismissive, humiliating letter language.
If people wish to have a face-to-face assessment, they ought to be able to have one—that is the position.
There are claimants for whom a different form of assessment—a telephone assessment or a virtual assessment—is more appropriate and is perhaps what they want, but that choice should be available to people, and providers should be facilitating that.
Again, if the hon.
Member would kindly share the details of that case with me, I will look at it as a matter of urgency.
I warmly welcome the considerable progress this Conservative Government have made in supporting pensioners.
The triple lock and targeted support with the cost of living are welcome in my part of Devon.
Will my hon.
Friend outline how this Conservative Government will ensure that this great progress continues?
The triple lock was a Conservative invention.
It was a pledge in our manifesto and the Secretary of State will be looking at it again this year when he makes his decision on benefits.
In 2016 the United Nations committee responsible for monitoring the UN convention on the  rights of disabled people published a damning report that found that the Government had systematically discriminated against disabled people, in breach of their rights.
Last week the UN committee reviewed evidence describing the further deterioration of disabled people’s circumstances and rights since 2016, but the Government refused to attend.
Isn’t this just another kick in the face for disabled people?
I do not accept the hon.
Lady’s characterisation of the situation.
We have followed all of the committee’s procedures; we are engaging with this process in good faith and will present our progress at the session in March 2024. [
Interruption.]
It is rather frustrating that the hon.
Lady often gives the impression that this country is not a world leader on disability issues.
The Equality Act 2010, for example, is the cornerstone of ensuring equalities legislation, and we also have the British Sign Language Act 2022 and the Down Syndrome Act 2022.
We have also taken other steps forward, and we should be supporting that.
I am fortunate to represent a part of the country that is blessed with near-full employment.
However, businesses in Bracknell and beyond struggle to recruit enough staff.
Can the Secretary of State reassure me that his Department will leave no stone unturned in getting as many people as possible back into the workplace?
I welcome the good news but also accept the challenge.