Gentleman is very interested in this subject, as am I. Again, there is help for households, with the local housing allowance rate being set at the 30th percentile in 2020.
The Government are projected to spend around £31 billion, or around 1.2% of GDP, on support for renters in 2023-24.
It is absolutely right that we support people to be better off.
The LHA is not intended to cover all rents in all areas, but I take a close interest in this subject.
What assessment his Department has made of trends in the level of unemployment over the last 12 months.
What assessment his Department has made of trends in the level of unemployment over the last 12 months.
I welcome our three new colleagues.
The independent Office for National Statistics estimates that, notwithstanding a recent uptick, the unemployment rate is now almost half the rate we inherited in 2010 and is back to pre-pandemic levels.
Actually, according to the Government’s own figures, three and a half years after the pandemic began, employment is not back to pre-pandemic levels.
Will the Minister set out what the unanticipated rise in unemployment says about the underlying health of our economy?
It is not looking good, is it?
With great respect, I disagree.
Employment is at record levels.
Vacancies have been down for the past 10 quarters.
Payroll employment is at a record high.
Pay is up and inflation is down.
We are doing an awful lot better than that lot would.
We have seen a summer of job cuts in my Bradford South constituency, with both Morrisons and Solenis announcing major redundancies.
Does the Minister agree that this shows that the Government’s plan to grow the economy is failing?
I should make the point that payroll employment is at a record high.
There are 4 million more people in work than in 2010, and the unemployment rate is down to 4.2% across the UK—that is a near record low.
Our jobcentres are clearly doing a fantastic job, and I fully support all the work that is going on in Bradford to try to address these issues.
What assessment his Department has made of the potential impact of trends in the level of (a) inflation and (b) food prices on pensioners’ incomes.
What assessment his Department has made of the potential impact of trends in the level of (a) inflation and (b) food prices on pensioners’ incomes.
In April, the state pension saw its largest ever rise of 10.1%, thanks to the triple lock protecting pensioners.
We know that 770,000 pensioners are eligible for pension credit but are not receiving it.
A few months ago, I joined my local citizens advice bureau to organise a pension credit action day.
As a result, an additional £200,000 was drawn down to people across Merthyr Tydfil and Rhymney.
The Government have the data and could take a much more targeted approach to get eligible people to apply, so why have they not taken that action?
When will we see more action from the Government?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for the work he is doing in his constituency.
I assure him that that is exactly what the Government are doing.
We recently launched an “invitation to claim” trial, which has been rolled out in 10 constituencies and is using housing  benefit data to target those who might also be eligible for pension credit.
We will report back on the results of that trial later this year.
It might be hard to imagine on a sunny day like today, but winter is just around the corner.
The reality for many worried pensioners in my constituency is that this winter there will be a choice between heating and eating.
We have a Government who are tiptoeing around the real issues while our constituents struggle to make ends meet.