I know she will agree that it is an honour and a privilege to be associated with this Department, whether on the Opposition Benches or the Government Benches, and the very important mission of looking after the most vulnerable, which I know we both share.
I look forward to a constructive engagement with her in the weeks and months to come.
My Department continues to focus on supporting the most vulnerable through cost of living payments, pension credit and the benefits system more generally; bearing down on fraud and error; and promoting work and, in particular—as we have been discussing—reducing economic inactivity.
Will the Secretary of State join me in welcoming the recent decision on the national disability strategy, which allows us to get on and improve the lives of so many disabled people?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
I very much welcome the Court of Appeal’s decision in July, meaning that the national disability strategy is lawful.
The Government are now able to continue with the important work of implementing that long-term strategy, and I can confirm that my hon.
Friend the Minister for Disabled People will shortly come forward with further details of some of the individual commitments we will be making around that strategy.
I welcome the shadow Secretary of State to her position.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, and I thank the Secretary of State for his kind words.
However, whatever he says about economic inactivity, it remains a serious problem in this country, with the UK lagging behind all other G7 countries in terms of workforce participation since the pandemic.
Indeed, last month, the number of people off work due to long-term sickness hit an all-time high.
What is this Government’s response?
The Chancellor tells the over-50s to get off the golf course, and the DWP Secretary tells them to literally get on their bike.
Is not the truth that this Government’s failure to cut waiting lists, sort social care and have a proper plan for reforming our jobcentres is harming individuals and our economy as a whole?
To the extent that the hon.
Lady was suggesting that economic inactivity was worse in our country than in all other economies, or all similar economies—I think that is what she said—that simply is not the case.
It is true that economic inactivity spiked during the pandemic; none the less, as I said earlier, the average rate is lower than the average across the OECD, the EU and the G7.
The hon.
Lady mentioned those who are long-term sick and disabled.
That is why we are bringing forward pilots such as WorkWell and rolling out universal support, to make sure we bring the world of work together with the world of health, to the betterment of those who we look after.
This is not just about the over-50s.
Is the Secretary of State aware that the biggest relative jump in economic inactivity due to sickness is among young people, with mental health being the biggest concern?
Labour has a plan to transform mental health in this country, paid for by closing private equity loopholes.
When will this Government act and put a proper plan in place?
There is a proper plan in place.
I invite the hon.
Lady to spend some time looking more closely at the announcements that have been made, particularly at the time of the last fiscal statement, and especially those about WorkWell, universal support, and the work we are doing with the national health service and other agencies to make sure—as I say—that we bring together the world of work and the world of health and provide support, particularly for those with mental health conditions.
The Health and Safety Executive website currently makes no mention of the aerated concrete issue that we all heard about at the end of last week.