I invite the hon.
Lady to spend some time looking more closely at the announcements that have been made, particularly at the time of the last fiscal statement, and especially those about WorkWell, universal support, and the work we are doing with the national health service and other agencies to make sure—as I say—that we bring together the world of work and the world of health and provide support, particularly for those with mental health conditions.
The Health and Safety Executive website currently makes no mention of the aerated concrete issue that we all heard about at the end of last week.
Can we be assured that the Executive has the resource and motivation to get that guidance out there, so that employers and other building owners know what they should be doing in this situation?
The HSE’s focus has been on raising awareness of RAAC—reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete—through its engagement and stakeholder groups via the public sector, and this was actually raised in a bulletin back in April 2021.
I will look into the point my hon.
Friend has made, but I am certain there has been clear guidance to those who need it.
Thousands of women who have been underpaid their state pensions due to departmental mistakes will be forced to wait until the end of 2024 to see this error addressed.
Does the Minister really think this is acceptable?
The hon.
Lady asked about this last time, and I believe I informed her previously that all alive people will be receiving the benefits they are entitled to by the end of this year.
What action are the Government taking to deal with the difficulties that many disabled people face with accessing the support they need?
In particular, has there been a move back to making face-to-face contacts part of the assessments and decisions in the benefit system?
We have made available a diversity of assessment channels to people, but the key point is that anybody who wants to have a face-to-face appointment is able to have one.
They can request one and that will be facilitated, and I think that is important.
Jobcentres will be at the leading edge of delivering on our new supported employment programme—universal support—and we have WorkWell coming on stream as well.
We do not want to write anybody off.
Where people want to work or to try to work, we should be supporting that wherever we can, and that is precisely what we are all about.
A constituent of mine has cerebral palsy, a lifelong condition for which there is no prospect of improvement and which affects her mobility and balance.
Despite this, she has faced repeated unnecessary and inaccurate reassessments for the personal independence payment, and she lost her PIP mobility after the most recent assessment.
The DWP justifies its decision by saying that it was advised that her last fall was over three months prior to the consultation.
What kind of system demands that people with lifelong conditions regularly have to hurt themselves to receive the support they are entitled to?
I would obviously want to see the details of the case in question before commenting on it, so perhaps the hon.
Member could kindly share those  details with me.
One of the things we are focused on is getting to a place where people with conditions or disabilities that are unlikely to improve or are only likely to deteriorate are not having to go through repeat assessments.
That is the objective we are working towards through the White Paper reforms. [
Interruption.]
I hear a lot of chuntering from the Opposition.
I would be absolutely delighted if they would get on and support our reforms so we can make those improvements.