Lords amendment 117 in the name of Lord Agnew, on the transparency of trust data on the register of overseas entities, makes a critical point.
We must deal with trusts without further delay, without further consultation and without kicking the can further down the road.
Here is the opportunity to do that.
As Transparency International and the BBC showed in February, trusts are being used to hide the ownership of thousands of overseas entities under the current regime.
They estimate that more than 7,000 overseas entities on the register, about a quarter of the total, are hiding the ownership of roughly 20,000 properties.
Why would the Minister not want to close that loophole?
Why would he not want to improve this system right now?
It is not as though the Government were not warned on this.
They are talking about consulting and doing more on it, but they were warned about this when we had the Joint Select Committee on the draft Registration of Overseas Entities Bill.
In March 2019, Professor Jonathan Fisher KC said:
“If I was asked to advise, on the face of the draft legislation, the first thing I would say is, ‘Have you thought about setting up a trust?’”.
He went on to say:
“I might say to someone, ‘If you really want to do this Technicolor, why don’t you have an offshore company and have the shares of the company put in trust, and when you set that trust up, why don’t you think about setting it up as a discretionary trust?”
If it is a discretionary trust, the beneficiary does not rank as a beneficiary in law; all they have in law is the right to be considered by the trustee when capital income is distributed.”
So all kinds of things were already identified and very clear to the Government, having been highlighted in evidence, and they could have put these pieces of evidence  into this Bill to make sure that we are closing the loopholes now, rather than allowing this to spiral yet further.
It is also very evident that this database needs to be accessible to the widest possible group of people, because the law enforcement, particularly under this Government, does not have the money, expertise or time to go into this in significant detail.
Let me highlight some of the scale of the issue.
We owe a great debt of gratitude to Graham Barrow, as a researcher into these things, in his own time, as a Companies House geek.
He says that the use of brass plaque addresses for company incorporations has increased since lockdown.
He has done an analysis of two main addresses being used.
In Shelton Street, between 2018 and 2022, the number of incorporations at the one brass plaque address grew by 340%, from 6,200 to 27,350.
Similarly, the incorporations in Wenlock Road also grew significantly, by 40%.
Those are just two addresses, and the numbers are increasingly significantly.
That is due to the loopholes that the Government have allowed and the corporate structures that currently exist.
We sought further amendments to tighten this and prevent these brass plaque addresses from being used for hundreds and thousands of companies.
There is certainly more the Government could be doing to ensure that trusts do not fall down on this point; allowing people to register trusts in a similar way will result in the same issues.
We have put a caseworker in place so that each school can work with that caseworker, as well as having access to the temporary accommodation and the company that can do the propping work, which we have already secured, or to additional surveying, if required.
We are working closely with local authorities, but I urge the 5% of local authorities that have not responded to the questionnaire to respond—that is more important than ever.