As and when they materialise, we will look at them.
The Secretary of State mentioned the independence of the PSNI, and that funding issues lie with the Department of Justice and the Northern Ireland Executive, but may I press him on this issue?
Will he use his considerable influence to ensure that the safety of all people is first and foremost, and not the cost?
It is important that the influence he has is exerted to its fullest, because these are good people who find themselves in a very, very difficult position through no fault of their own.
I like to feel that I have considerable influence in Government, but I am not sure that is completely correct.
However, I will use the influence I have to do the right thing by all those who work for the PSNI.
All sorts of issues have come up over the past 25 years and since policing was devolved, but policing in Northern Ireland certainly seems to look and feel better, and it is beginning to get good outcomes for those who are being policed.
I can only praise the officers and say that I will do everything in their support.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
I join the Secretary of State in offering my thanks to Simon Byrne for his service.
I believe his decision today, however, is the right one.
This represented a shocking breach of confidentiality not just in relation to people’s personal data, but a shocking breach in the confidence that PSNI officers and staff can have in the organisation.
I pay tribute to the dedicated PSNI officers and staff who daily protect and serve the people of Northern Ireland.
The PSNI, as has been alluded to, is already suffering a crisis of funding and therefore resourcing.
The officer complement is lower than it has been in the police service serving Northern Ireland than at any point since 1979.
The UK Government pay £30 million a year in additional funding to meet the security challenge, but that funding was inadequate even before the breach and is surely even more inadequate now.
Will the Secretary of State be a little clearer on exactly how he will give funding guarantees to the PSNI going forward, because I do not believe this is something where the buck can be passed entirely to those who are currently charged with administering devolved budgets?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
He talks about the additional security funding that the Government put in.
The UK Government’s contribution to the financial year 2022-23 is £32 million in this space.
The cost implications of the PSNI response are rightly being discussed with the Department of Justice.
Any additional asks for funding would come through an established process.
While it would not be right for me to pre-empt that, the Government are clear that security is paramount.
Our focus remains currently on the asks that have been made of us, which are to provide specialist support and expertise in response to the latest assessment.
PSNI officers face significant physical risks, but they also face significant reputational and relationship risk when they are revealed to be members of the PSNI.
The Catholic Police Officers Guild and the Police Federation for Northern Ireland have done brilliant work over the past few weeks.
Will the Secretary of State confirm that he is engaging with those organisations as the Government seek to support the impact of the breach?
I have not yet spoken to the Catholic Police Officers Guild personally, but my officials have done so on a number of occasions and I am very happy to do so.
Initially, we were receiving high-level briefings from the chief constable and his senior management team, and, as I mentioned, the Cabinet Office committee that was set up was receiving and imparting information at an officer level.