They want to be eligible for it but are not.
Obviously this is without looking at the individual case, but it is important to note that the threshold has gone up significantly, so it is worth questioning whether the hon.
Lady’s constituents are now eligible.
If not, applications to the household support fund can be helpful, and local councils may be able to offer housing benefit support.
If there is an individual case that she would like to write to me about, I am happy to respond.
That completes the questions.
Those who wish to leave should do so.
Before I call  the right hon.
Member for Lagan Valley (Sir Jeffrey M. Donaldson)  to ask the urgent question, I wish to make a short statement about the sub judice resolution.
The matter of the data breach is not sub judice, but I have been advised that an individual has been charged with terrorism-related offences following the data breach.
While I am content to waive the sub judice resolution in this and other proceedings to allow simple reference to the fact of the arrest, any further discussion of the circumstances of that case would not be in order.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland if he will make a statement on the breach of security and data protection at the Police Service of Northern Ireland.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his urgent question.
As you know, Mr Speaker, I was keen to do a statement on the Police Service of Northern Ireland’s data breach on  8 August , so I am pleased to have this opportunity.
I am also happy to provide an update to the House on this matter.
However, since writing this answer, and as the right hon.
Gentleman will know, news of the PSNI’s Chief Constable’s resignation has broken over the past few minutes.
I thank Simon Byrne for his years of public service.
The right hon.
Gentleman will know that the appointment of a new Chief Constable is a matter for the Northern Ireland Policing Board, and I will continue to liaise with the senior management team of PSNI while the process of appointing a successor gets under way.
The PSNI continues to have my and the Government’s full support in responding to the data breach, and we are focused on providing appropriate and proportionate data and expertise.
The breach, where the personal information of more than 10,000 officers and staff was accidentally published in what appears to be a human error involving a number of spreadsheet fields, happened on  8 August .
Not realising that the relevant document contained a hidden table, the initials and surnames of every rank and grade, the location where an individual was based—but not their home address—and their duty type were published online for approximately three hours.
The data breach is deeply concerning and significant.
Recent events in Northern Ireland, including the terrible attack on Detective Chief Inspector John Caldwell, show that there is still a small minority in Northern Ireland who wish to cause harm to PSNI officers and staff in Northern Ireland.
I take this opportunity to thank all those individuals who work to keep the people of Northern Ireland safe.
They have my many thanks, and we all owe them our gratitude.
I recognise, too, that there is significant concern about the consequences of this data breach.
Many PSNI officers and staff have raised concerns about themselves and their families, and they have my support and understanding as they go about their important work, keeping communities safe in these worrying and most testing of circumstances.
To them, I again say thank you.
In response to these concerns, the PSNI and wider security partners are taking appropriate action and are working around the clock to investigate the incident, provide reassurance and mitigate any risk to the safety and security of officers and staff.