I am afraid I will have to come back to her with that answer, if I may, because I do not have those details.
I thank the Secretary of State for his response.
Ever mindful that this is a practical, physical issue for my constituents, will the Secretary of State outline what additional support and help is to be made available to PSNI officers who are under threat and whose families feel unsafe in their homes?
Over my 38 years as an elected representative—as a councillor, an Assembly Member and a Member of Parliament—a number of RUC and PSNI officers have come to me in need of assistance after being threatened.
That assistance was available fairly urgently.
Will the Secretary of State confirm that a budget is available to rehouse, as a priority, those 10,799 police officers and civilian staff who are under threat, taking into consideration those who have moved from one district to another for safety reasons?
They feel open and vulnerable to attack, and an apology is simply not enough to allow them to lie safely in their bed at night.
What is needed is a practical, physical solution.
That is what I am asking for.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question, and for the way he puts it.
We are currently at a stage where officers and staff who have a concern are reporting it to their senior management, and a triage process has been in place.
As of  30 August , 3,954 people have self-referred to the emergency threat management group within PSNI.
If the hon.
Gentleman will forgive me, I am very wary of mentioning security matters for those at highest risk, so I will not do so.
There is a continuing process to make sure PSNI has both the budget and the process available to ensure that extra security measures can be taken, and to ensure there is extra training and conversations to reassure people.
It will be a little while before we see much upward pressure on budgets, and I will then happily update the House.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I would like to make a statement on the inquiry into the circumstances surrounding the crimes of Lucy Letby.
On  18 August , as the whole House is aware, Letby was convicted of the murder of seven babies and the attempted murder of six others.
She committed these crimes while working as a neonatal nurse at the Countess of Chester Hospital between June 2015 and June 2016.
As Mr Justice Goss said as he sentenced her to 14 whole life orders, this was a
“cruel, calculated and cynical campaign of child murder”
and a
“gross breach of the trust all citizens place in those who work in the medical and caring professions.”
I think the whole House will agree it is right that she spends the rest of her life behind bars.
I cannot begin to imagine the hurt and suffering that these families went through, and I know from my conversations with them last week that the trial brought these emotions back to the surface.
Concerningly, that was exacerbated by the fact the families discovered new information about events concerning their children during the course of the trial.