How many people has the Minister’s Department asked to prove that they have been raped in order to get an exemption to the two-child limit?
We do not use the language used by the hon.
Gentleman, but I will of course write to him.
I am disappointed that the Minister does not know, because his Department has made 2,590 women prove and relive the ordeal of being raped, simply to get that state support, but given that the Labour party and the Conservatives support the two-child policy and rape clause, does it give him comfort to know that when the “Ghost of George Osborne Future” comes into office, his legacy in promoting astronomical child poverty rates will be safe in the hands of the Blairites on the Labour Benches?
I can only repeat that, compared with 2009-10, there are 400,000 fewer children in absolute poverty after housing costs.
What recent progress his Department has made on tackling benefit fraud.
We continue to bear down on fraud and error.
It decreased by 10% in 2022-23.
There is of course still more to be done, which is why we are investing £900 million to reduce that figure still further by £2.4 billion by 2024-25.
During the pandemic, the Government rightly got support out to people as quickly as possible, but that inevitably meant that errors were made and some people took advantage of the situation.
What is being done to clamp down on fraud and errors in universal credit?
A huge amount, including the targeted case review, which over the next five years will review hundreds of thousands of universal credit claims to look for fraud and error.
Of course, we use emerging new technologies for that purpose as well.
I thank the Secretary of State for that answer.
I absolutely support the principle that those who carry out benefit fraud must be made accountable, but what I find in my office—I think that others in the Chamber will probably find this as well—is that many people have filled in an application form, document or review and inadvertently ticked the wrong box.
By doing so, they have left themselves in a very difficult position where they find that they have to make a repayment.
Sometimes people need help at the initial stages to ensure that they get it right.
What can be done to help those people so that they do not get into debt that they did not expect to be in?
There is help within jobcentres.
There is also Citizens Advice, and a help to claim process available there.
When people make genuine errors and when they have been overpaid for various reasons, we are of course sympathetic, to ensure that we do not put them in a position where it is incredibly difficult for them to repay those amounts.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of its policies on reducing the level of inactivity in the labour market.
We are doing a great deal to bear down on economic inactivity.
As of August this year, the figures show that over half the increase in economic activity that occurred during the pandemic has since unwound.
That is more than 300,000 people into work.
The Secretary of State’s comments suggesting that unemployed over-50s should consider becoming delivery riders clearly show that the Government are failing to help older workers into stable employment.
Rather than glorifying precarious work in the gig economy, will he commit to rolling out a plan that gives older workers the dignity, respect and support they deserve to rejoin the workforce?
I think it is very unfortunate when any Member of this House looks down on a certain category of job that is employing hundreds of thousands of people perfectly satisfactorily.