We got married at the height of the troubles—the bombings and the shootings—and it sent a chill down my spine when I read of this leak.
First,  the hon.
Member for Foyle (Colum Eastwood)  has referred to the difficulty of recruiting to the Police Service of Northern Ireland, and this will only make it worse.
Secondly, it will not do much for our relationship with the police in the Republic of Ireland.
The danger is that we just say that this is a matter for the PSNI and take a view from across the Irish sea, but Northern Ireland is a constituent part of the United Kingdom and I hope that a United Kingdom solution will be sought involving police forces on this side of the Irish sea and, if necessary, the UK’s intelligence services to find out what happened.
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely correct.
That is why I detailed the meetings of officials in the Cabinet Office, who have chaired a large number of regular operational meetings bringing together the PSNI, Government Departments and world-class cyber-security experts to ensure that all our collective skills across the Union are galvanised in this space.
I welcome the resignation of the Chief Constable.
It is a pity it took so long.
I think he saw that the writing was on the wall when he knew a motion was going to the Policing Board calling for his resignation, and so he should.
He has lost the confidence of officers, not just because of this data breach but because he was prepared to throw two junior officers to the wolves in order to placate Sinn Féin, and it is right that he should go.
The Secretary of State has been a bit confusing in his answers about money.
He says that he recognises there will be considerable expenditure involving the Information Commissioner, mitigation measures, the relocation of officers and so on.
On one hand, he says that this will have to come from the Justice Department budget, but on the other hand, he seems to indicate that the Government recognise that there will be additional expenditure for the police.
Given that the police are already 600 officers under strength, will he give a commitment that any additional costs as a result of this will not have to come from the existing overstretched budget?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his question.
I hope he will forgive me for pushing back slightly, but I think I have been particularly clear on this, and all of this could be solved much more easily if there were an Executive in place.
I very much hope that that happens.
The last few weeks have been hugely damaging to hard-won progress in our still fragile society.
Ordinary officers are feeling vulnerable and demoralised, and we are thinking of them and also of the families of the victims of the Sean Graham murders, who have been thrust into a political row that they did not seek due to a heavy-handed response.
In the interests of officer morale and impartial policing, it is important that we know, following that Ormeau Road incident, who in the Northern Ireland Office spoke to the Chief Constable and, when the issue came up of Sinn Féin withdrawing from the Policing Board, what the NIO said to the Chief Constable.
If the hon.
Lady would kindly nod to indicate whether she means in the last couple of weeks—[Interruption.]
I am afraid I will have to come back to her with that answer, if I may, because I do not have those details.
I thank the Secretary of State for his response.
Ever mindful that this is a practical, physical issue for my constituents, will the Secretary of State outline what additional support and help is to be made available to PSNI officers who are under threat and whose families feel unsafe in their homes?