There is certainly more the Government could be doing to ensure that trusts do not fall down on this point; allowing people to register trusts in a similar way will result in the same issues.
We have put a caseworker in place so that each school can work with that caseworker, as well as having access to the temporary accommodation and the company that can do the propping work, which we have already secured, or to additional surveying, if required.
We are working closely with local authorities, but I urge the 5% of local authorities that have not responded to the questionnaire to respond—that is more important than ever.
I have received notification from the Petition Officer for the constituency of Rutherglen and Hamilton West, in respect of the recall petition for Margaret Ferrier.
The recall petition closed on  Monday 31 July .
As more than 10% of those eligible to sign the petition did so, the petition was successful and the seat is accordingly vacant.
I shall cause the text of the notification to be published in the Votes and Proceedings and in the Official Report.
[The notification will appear at the end of today’s proceedings.]
The following Members took and subscribed the Oath, or made and subscribed the Affirmation, required by law:
Keir Alexander Mather, for Selby and Ainsty.
Steven Tuckwell, Uxbridge and South Ruislip.
Sarah Joanne Dyke, Somerton and Frome.
Ordered,
That Mr Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough constituency of Rutherglen and Hamilton West in the room of Margaret Ferrier, against whom, since her election for the said Borough constituency, a recall petition has been successful.—(Owen Thompson.)
Ordered,
That on the 12th day of September, Mr Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the County constituency of Mid Bedfordshire, in the room of Nadine Vanessa Dorries, who since her election to the said County constituency has been appointed to the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough and Burnham, in the county of Buckingham.—(Simon Hart.)
I wish to inform the House that I have received a letter from  the hon.
Member for Bristol North West (Darren Jones)  informing me of his resignation as Chair of the Business and Trade Committee.
I therefore declare the Chair vacant.
I will announce the arrangements for the election of the new Chair in due course.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What assessment his Department has made of the effectiveness of its policies on reducing regional inequalities in employment.
What assessment his Department has made of the effectiveness of its policies on reducing regional inequalities in employment.
What assessment his Department has made of the effectiveness of its policies on reducing regional inequalities in employment.
It is good to be back, Mr Speaker.
I trust that you had at least some rest during the recess.
Let me also extend my welcome to the new Members who have just taken their seats.
The regional employment rate gap is 7.7 percentage points, which is 1.2 percentage points less than the gap in 2010 and a low figure by historical standards.
As the Marmot review shows, there is a strong correlation between indices of deprivation and addiction.
This issue affects all regions, but especially the poorer regions.
What policies are in place across the regions to address the issue of addiction and to help more people remain in and enter employment, particularly in the north-west?
The hon.
Gentleman will be aware of universal support and the WorkWell pilots.