But they already knew that dissident republicans were targeting them and their families, and now they know that those who would do them harm have this list.
The damage to morale and confidence should not be underestimated.
They are asking urgently, “What will be done to reassure and protect us?”
Does the Secretary of State agree that the inquiry needs to be completed as quickly as possible?
Can he confirm that he will approve the appointment of the new chief constable in the absence of a Justice Minister in Northern Ireland?
Does he intend to review the operation of the Northern Ireland Policing Board and how it functions?
Does he recognise that there will be additional costs in protecting staff, as well as responding to potential civil claims?
There were already great pressures on the Northern Ireland policing budget, and the cuts it now faces will, in the words of the PSNI, leave the service “smaller…less visible, less accessible and less responsive”.
Finally, the whole House wants to ensure that the staff get the support, protection and reassurance they need, but to succeed in doing that we need leadership from the Government and the political parties in Northern Ireland, to get the Assembly and the Executive up and running again as quickly as possible.
I welcome the right hon.
Gentleman to his place and look forward to working with him.
As I mentioned outside the Chamber, I will happily brief him on any aspects and will arrange technical briefings from my officials so that he can be brought up to speed quickly.
I would like to put on record my thanks to the former shadow Secretary of State,  the hon.
Member for Hove (Peter Kyle) , who is present, for the way he went about his business and for the very co-operative way we dealt with business.
I appreciate it and wish him well as we move forward.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about the inquiry.
Yes, it needs to be expedited.
A timetable has been set up by the Policing Board, which is independent, and I believe that it reports in three months’ time.
It is quite a fundamental inquiry, and I hope in that time it will be able to bring all the answers required to the table.
He asked about the appointment of a future chief constable; if the institutions of the Executive and the Minister for Justice are not present, we will have to pass secondary legislation in this place to allow that to happen.
All that depends on the Policing Board going about its business and recruitment—I believe that is very much a rubber stamp of its work.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about the Policing Board and reform.
I spoke to a number of board members before the resignation of the chief constable, and they all know that the spotlight is on them and how they deal with this.
I would like to wait and see how they discharge their duties over the course of the next few weeks before I commit to reform, because there are good people there who have the ability to do the job.
Finally, on the budget, which I mentioned in my answer, the right hon.
Gentleman forgot to mention that the Information Commissioner will come out with a decent fine for the data breach.
We will have to take a whole host of things into account.
As and when they materialise, we will look at them.
The Secretary of State mentioned the independence of the PSNI, and that funding issues lie with the Department of Justice and the Northern Ireland Executive, but may I press him on this issue?
Will he use his considerable influence to ensure that the safety of all people is first and foremost, and not the cost?