I call the Chair of the Select Committee on Energy Security and Net Zero.
The boom and bust of this fiasco will inevitably have knock-ons for the supply chain.
How concerned is the Minister about that?
Also, how concerned is he about projects that were built on CfD securities but have not invoked the contracts and are now literally raking in the windfall of that act?
I do not quite follow the second part of the hon.
Gentleman’s question, but I am happy to write to him on that topic.
West Somerset, as the Minister knows, is ideal for offshore wind.
I am interested to know why people did not bid in this round.
What were their reasons?
What can the Government do to learn the lessons of this round so that people like my hon.
Friend  the Member for North Devon (Selaine Saxby)  can make sure that people are bidding in the next round?
We typically set out the key auction parameters in November, and those include the ceiling of what we will pay for particular technologies.
We do that based on our analysis of supply chain costs, and we also commission external analysis.
The most important data of all comes from individual auction rounds, and it is on that basis that we set the price parameters.
The industry warned us, as it does every year, that it wants us to pay more.
We always have to make a judgment call between making sure that we minimise—[Interruption.]
It would be so much easier to give my answer, Mr Speaker, if  the right hon.
Member for Doncaster North (Edward Miliband)  would stop—
Order.
I think that, as a man who was always happy to heckle from the Back Benches, the Minister deserves a little bit himself.
We set the prices, and we immediately learn from each auction.
One of the reasons for having an annual auction is that we can quickly adjust and, as I said, projects can then come into the next round with minimal delay.
The wind farm off Brighton has probably become as iconic as the pier itself, but the reality is that the Government’s failure will delay the construction of more of these beautiful installations around our coast.
Is this failure not also a failure of the market-based private investment system that this Government are determined to pursue, rather than a publicly owned and co-ordinated building programme that can work alongside private investment so that we no longer have this failure where nobody bids?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for revealing the true face of where the Labour party is going.
We can go back to the days when we had hardly any renewables, and we can allow Great British Energy, or whatever Labour is going to call its creature, to squeeze out private investment and destroy the most successful renewables market in Europe, and to destroy this Government’s progress on tackling the parlous position left behind by the right hon.
Member for Doncaster North and his friends.
We will continue to be the world leader in cutting emissions, but not if we  move to the state-run, left-wing obsessions of colleagues like  the hon.
Member for Brighton, Kemptown (Lloyd Russell-Moyle) .
Offshore wind plays, and will continue to play, a key strategic role in enhancing energy security, achieving net zero and revitalising coastal communities such as Lowestoft.
To get back on track, can my right hon.
Friend confirm that the criteria applying to round 6 will take account of current economic realities, that appropriate fiscal measures are being considered ahead of the autumn statement and that specific focus will be given to enhancing local supply chains?
I thank my hon.
Friend, who has been such a consistent champion not only for the power of renewables to meet our environmental challenges but for the economic benefits that come from them.