What review, if any, has the Department carried out to ensure that when courts extend bail, they ensure that the police are dealing with their investigations diligently and expeditiously?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point for her constituents.
I must stress that the independence of the judiciary is fundamental to the rule of law and the running of the justice system.
Therefore, the Department has not and will not conduct a review into how the judiciary undertakes its functions in individual cases.
However, I can reassure her that the judiciary ensures that the relevant agencies that it works with undertake their functions smoothly and effectively.
Is it not the case that last-minute cancellations in magistrates courts are largely caused by the inability to recruit and retain legal advisers, who are paid a lot less than other Government legal advisers?
What steps will the Minister take to ensure an increase in wages and better terms and conditions for those legal advisers?
Will he sit down with the PCS Union to try to resolve this intolerable situation?
We look carefully at why all cases are vacated; in fact, the biggest cause of vacation is often the non-availability of prosecution or defence counsel, not of legal executives.
May I put it to Ministers that the nine-month wait for granting simple probate is unfair on people trying to sell their parents’ home?
I failed to get the probate service to work, and I have a constituent who has written to the Prime Minister.
Will Ministers please sort it out?
The time taken once all required documents are received is between six and nine weeks.
We always advise that no one should take a decision on the sale of a property until probate is granted, but I can reassure my hon.
Friend that despite a significant increase in applications, the service is recruiting and training up more than 100 new caseworkers to ensure that it delivers the service that my hon.
Friend wants, as do I.
Last month the United Nations called for an urgent Government review of sentences of imprisonment for public protection.
Will the Secretary of State listen to the UN?
Can he explain why the number of people with an IPP sentence recalled to prison without committing any further offence has soared in recent years?
I can confirm that the Lord Chancellor and I—and us all—are very conscious of the difficulties around IPP sentences, which would not be introduced today.
We abolished them, as the hon.
Lady knows, but there are people in prison who have been recalled or not released by the parole board because they have not been considered safe for release.
Our objective is to help to manage people towards safe release into the community.
To that end, our recently announced action plan is central.
The rehabilitation of offenders is so important in reducing the chances of them committing crime once released from prison, especially if they can get back into work.
Could the Minister outline any schemes that help to give offenders the skills they need, and how they can access companies that are willing to give them a second chance in life?
My hon Friend is so right.
In topical questions, I do not have the time to start to unpack all the different things I would like say, so I will not.
Suffice it to say that brilliant companies are providing training opportunities.
I have written to the Secretary of State about the tragic case of my young constituent Gregg  McGuire.
He has agreed to meet with me and I am very grateful.
Does his Department have any plans to reassess the current rules which mean that victims’ families are unable to appeal sentences for those convicted of causing death by careless driving?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady.
I know she is meeting the Secretary of State to discuss this matter and I do not want to pre-empt that meeting.