Lady in paying tribute to the people running women’s centres, for example, which do a fantastic job specifically for women, as well as to the broader set of alternative and community sentence options.
It is important that we make sure we continue to work on those, including working together with the Welsh Government.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
I have been asked to reply on behalf of the Lord Chancellor, who has been in Riga attending a Council of Europe meeting, where a political declaration was signed on support for the Ukrainian justice system.
He is sorry not to be here for these oral questions, and he has asked me to convey to the House his thanks to the Metropolitan police for their quick work in finding and returning Daniel Khalife to custody.
The independent investigation that the Lord Chancellor commissioned must now get to the bottom of this serious breach.
Since the last oral questions, the Government have also announced that we will make whole life orders the expectation in sentencing where they can be applied.
We have also outlined plans to order the worst offenders to attend court for their sentencing hearings.
We want to ensure that the worst offenders receive their sentences in the full glare of the courtroom, and that victims have the opportunity to set out the impact the crime has had on them.
With Government spending for housing legal aid falling in the past decade from £44 million to £20 million and the spending for disrepair cases falling from nearly £4 million to just over £1 million, it is not a moment too soon that the Government have begun to restore some legal aid with the housing loss prevention advice service.
Due to the Government’s disastrous Legal Aid, Sentencing and Punishment of Offenders Act 2012, many housing legal aid providers shut up shop, leaving 42% of the population of England and Wales without a single provider in their local authority area and 84% with no access to welfare legal aid.
What recent analysis has the Minister made of legal aid deserts, and what steps is he taking to remedy the situation?
We are putting more money into legal aid and criminal legal aid following the independent review.
Specifically on housing, which the hon.
Lady mentioned, we are injecting an additional £10 million from  1 August .
What conversations has my right hon.
Friend had across government to make sure that the  sentencing for those convicted of dangerous cycling is equalised with the sentencing guidelines for those convicted of dangerous driving?
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend, who I know takes a keen interest in this issue.
The safety of our roads is a key objective for the Government, and protecting all road users is a priority.
Like all road users, cyclists have a duty to behave in a safe and responsible manner.
While laws are in place for cyclists, they are old and it can be difficult to successfully prosecute offences.
That is why Department for Transport colleagues are considering bringing forward legislation to introduce new offences concerning dangerous cycling to tackle those rare instances where victims have been killed or seriously injured by irresponsible cycling behaviour.
I welcome the new shadow Secretary of State to her post.
I thank the Minister for the update about Daniel Khalife, but the fact remains that HMP Wandsworth has been a known problem for the best part of a decade, with a litany of failures including overcrowding, staffing and security issues.
Khalife is not even the first escape from Wandsworth; there was an incident in 2019, which the chief inspector of prisons said was the result of a “serious security breach”.
Why, after so many warnings about Wandsworth, have the Government failed to act?
We take these matters extremely seriously.
The independent investigation will of course look at the question the hon.