Gentleman knows, given the way we are organised, we do not cover the Northern Ireland Prison Service.
However, it is very important that we stay in close touch and, although I have not had that specific conversation recently with colleagues in Northern Ireland, there will no doubt be opportunities in the future.
What progress he has made on the sale of Reading Gaol.
The sale of Reading Prison is proceeding and, barring any unexpected complications, completion is expected later this autumn.
I thank the Minister for his answer, and for meeting me and  the right hon.
Member for Reading West (Sir Alok Sharma)  recently to discuss this matter.
Reading Gaol is a hugely important historic building, and nearly 13,000 people across Berkshire have now signed a petition asking the Government to work with me and the local arts community to turn the gaol into an arts hub.
It has taken the Government a long time to discuss the proposed sale with their preferred bidder and no progress—or slow progress—appears to be being made.
Will the Minister now reconsider the Government’s approach and work with me, Reading Borough Council and the local arts community to save this wonderful building?
The sale is progressing.
Of course, any proposed development would be subject to approval from Reading Borough Council’s planning department, and the usual due diligence requirements and so on will apply.
We quite often throw around the term “doughty campaigner” in this Chamber, but I can certainly say that the hon.
Gentleman and my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Reading West (Sir Alok Sharma) , his neighbour, have been incredibly assiduous in their attention to this matter on behalf of their constituents.
In turn, I commit to him that we will absolutely stay in touch.
What steps his Department is taking to help ensure that offenders attend their sentencing.
It is right that those convicted of a crime face up to its consequences by being in court when they are sentenced.
On  30 August , the Lord Chancellor announced his intention to legislate as soon as parliamentary time  allows to enable judges to order an offender to attend court for sentencing, making it clear in legislation that reasonable force can be used to compel attendance and that refusal to comply with a judge’s order will cause the offender to face up to two years in custody.
In 2014, Colin Ash-Smith was convicted of murdering 16-year-old Claire Tiltman in my constituency of Dartford.
His final insult to her was to refuse to attend the sentencing hearing, so I welcome the proposed changes to compel defendants to face up to the consequences of their actions.
However, can the Minister confirm that there will be an opportunity for judges to hear representations from the prosecution, defence, and security staff before such action is taken?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend, and I hope he will allow me this opportunity to express my sympathy to the friends and family of Claire Tiltman, who lived in his constituency and, in 1993, was tragically murdered.
I was glad to see her murderer brought to justice after so many years.
Colin Ash-Smith, like Lucy Letby, was cowardly for not attending the sentencing hearing to face up to his appalling crime.
Each case is different, so it is important that the court and the judge have discretion in how to make an attendance order, and in reaching that decision—although we are working through the details—we would expect the courts to consider the full circumstances of each individual case, including any representations made by the prosecution or the defence in that context.
If we want offenders to attend their sentencing, it does rather help if the court is open.
Harrow Crown court was closed two and a half weeks ago because of the discovery of crumbling concrete—RAAC—with no indication as yet of any timescale for it to be reopened.