Friend confirm that the criteria applying to round 6 will take account of current economic realities, that appropriate fiscal measures are being considered ahead of the autumn statement and that specific focus will be given to enhancing local supply chains?
I thank my hon.
Friend, who has been such a consistent champion not only for the power of renewables to meet our environmental challenges but for the economic benefits that come from them.
He is absolutely right that the nature of the CfD system is that it learns from the previous auction round, which is the most real data of all, and uses that learning to inform the next round.
That is why I am confident that, just as we had a success with 3.7 GW on Friday, AR6 promises to be more successful still.
I congratulate the Minister on turning complacency and chutzpah into a new art form.
The ineptitude of Tory Ministers means that this latest CfD round saw the smallest auction return since 2015—a failing that was entirely avoidable.
How will he ensure that the UK delivers the 35 GW of new offshore wind capacity that is needed in just six years?
Why did Ministers yet again fail to heed the warnings from industry and experts in advance?
We have to set the parameters based on the best information we have.
As I say, one reason for moving to an annual round is to allow us quickly to learn the lessons of each round.
We did not get the wind on this occasion, which I regret, and we will put the real-world prices and learnings from that into the next round.
That is the system we have, because we are always trying to make sure that we get the parameters right so that we balance the need to generate additional green energy with the cost to the taxpayer.
Understandably, given their carelessness with the public finances and with consumers, the Opposition do not seem to care about that.
My job is to balance it, ensuring that we get the generation, and we have 77 GW in the pipeline.
We are in position and on track to meet our ambitions, which lead Europe—not that we would know that to listen to the hon.
Lady.
I thank the Minister for including geothermal projects in allocation round 5, as that is very welcome.
However, I echo everything my hon.
Friend  the Member for North Devon (Selaine Saxby)  says about the Celtic sea projects.
What will we do differently in round 6?
What advice would he give to those in the supply chains, specifically ports, that are trying to submit applications for the FLOWMIS—floating offshore wind manufacturing investment scheme—funding?
What conversations has he had about grid capacity, to ensure that all of this eventually runs smoothly?
As ever, my hon.
Friend is well-informed.
We are working on all those fronts.
FLOWMIS applications closed just two weeks ago, and we are working flat out to analyse them.
I hope that by the end of the year we will have shortlisted to the primary list and those schemes will move forward to due diligence, as we take forward not only our floating wind deployment, but the supply chain in the south-west, Wales, Scotland and around the rest of the UK.
We are working on all those fronts and are determined to do that.
As she rightly highlights, seeing our first geothermal projects come through the CfD is fantastic, as are the 11 tidal projects.
I pay tribute to all colleagues who have worked so hard to promote tidal energy and make sure that we continue to be a world leader in that as well.
This is an embarrassment for the Government and shows that we are falling further and further behind in the race for green jobs internationally.
We have the lowest growth in these industries among the eight biggest economies.