Following the Government’s decision to employ a regulated asset base model to support the development of new nuclear, will the Minister now commit to looking urgently at the optimum financial model for new tidal range projects, which could make a crucial contribution to the future UK energy mix?
The CfD scheme is among the most successful, if not the most successful, of its sort in the world.
We always look at ways in which we can improve it.
We are looking at bringing in non-price factors as we finesse it, but the Opposition party’s idea of some state-run enterprise, squeezing out private investment, would destroy the opportunities going forward.
We need at least another £100 billion to be invested by 2030 and if the Labour party ever did threaten to come into power, it would put all that at risk.
On Teesside, we have been promised thousands of jobs in the offshore wind industry, but investors are getting a little nervous as a direct result of Government failures to provide the right business environment.
What will the Minister do to get the business environment right to deliver the jobs we have been promised, which are being put in jeopardy by Government failures?
We are getting that balance right and we will continue to do so.
Making sure that we look after the consumer is always my guiding light, and we balance that with getting the generation we need.
We have seen companies such as SeAH investing in Teesside and Sumitomo looking at investing in Scotland—
They are getting nervous—
As the hon.
Gentleman decries this and talks both the area and the nation down, he then tells me that investors are getting nervous.
If he were to champion all the successes we have had instead of decrying them, he might find that he would give investors even more confidence still.
I do not agree with the policy that the Minister pursues.
His net zero policy is disastrous and has been costly in terms of electricity prices and future planning.
However, I feel  some sympathy for him today.
He is being criticised by those who have highlighted high energy prices for not offering inflated prices to the wind industry, which claims that producing wind energy is getting cheaper but of course wants higher prices.
As it was not offered that, it would not bid in the auction.
Is the real reason for this not that for the first time he has refused to allow those who bid to walk away from their CfD agreements, to price electricity at whatever price they want and therefore to have inflated profits?
Does that not indicate to him that the wind industry knows it cannot produce electricity cheaply and wants the system balanced in its favour?
The right hon.
Gentleman and I do not see eye to eye on net zero or on the economic benefits of the wind industry.
It does offer cost-effectiveness.
It has been amazing to see how as it is scaled, it has been able to bring the price down.
It was not obvious when we went out into the North sea that we would be able to bring the price crashing down, yet this country led the world in doing that.
If he looks at the numbers, I hope he will find that the whole of this House can agree on one thing: offshore wind is an economic way of producing energy, and one that all of us should support.
Last week, the think-tank Common Wealth made the critical point:
“Reliance on market coordination leaves the transition vulnerable to the demands of private capital”.
It is abundantly clear that private capital cannot deliver what is urgently required to stem the climate crisis.
In Wales, the Welsh Government know that, which is why, over the summer, they launched the community-owned renewable energy company, Ynni Cymru.