Two people went to trial at a magistrates court in Walsall and they were acquitted.
It is reported—we do not know for sure because it is not a court of record—that the judge said
“on the principle of proportionality…their action was proportionate in comparison to the crimes against humanity which they were acting to stop”
by the Israelis.
I think that, if it were true, is outrageous.
What can be done within the judicial system to ensure that that sort of thing does not happen, if indeed it did?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point about the independence of the judiciary.
We have to be careful that we do not rely on reports by a third party, perhaps with a vested interest, because these cases are not reported officially.
However, if he wishes to discuss any points of law that may lead to an appeal from the prosecuting authority, he can do so and I am happy to work with him and guide him on how that may be taken up with the Attorney General.
In terms of any complaints about the behaviour of the judiciary, there is a clearly defined process that I am happy to discuss with my hon.
Friend after today’s session.
What steps he is taking to increase recruitment to the probation service.
At  30 June  just over 20,000 people were working in the probation service—an increase of just over 2,300, or 13%, compared with  30 June  the previous year.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his answer.
Two horrific cases—those of Jordan McSweeney and Damien Bendall—show how vital it is to have effective supervision of recently released offenders.
What lessons have been learned from those two cases, and will the Minister provide an update on the action being taken to address problems in the probation service caused by high vacancy rates and consequentially unmanageably large case loads for probation staff?
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend and again I express my sincere condolences to the families of Zara Aleena, Terri Harris, Connie Gent and John and Lacey Bennett.
We have increased probation staff in the London area by 4.5% over the last year, and that includes 270 trainee probation officers in post.
The service has accepted all the chief inspector’s recommendations in respect of the two appalling cases that my right hon.
Friend mentioned, and it is implementing robust action plans, especially with regard to improving risk assessments.
Whether he has held recent discussions with the Welsh Government on developing community-based alternatives to imprisonment for female offenders serving short sentences.
Ministers engage regularly with colleagues in the Welsh Government, including discussions on female offenders and alternatives to custody.
Both Governments work closely on delivering the “Women’s justice blueprint for Wales” on female offending.
Short sentences for women often do more harm than good, reinforcing trauma and leading to further reoffending.
In 2022, two thirds of sentences for immediate custody for women were for less than 12 months.
It is anticipated that 1,000 more women will be in prison by 2026.
How does the Secretary of State  justify the growing female prison population and the use of short sentences, given Wales’s ambition to divert as many women as possible away from prison?
The women’s population in prison has come down, and sentencing is a matter for the judiciary and not something in which the Government intervene.
It is important that suitable alternatives to custody are available, and I join the right hon.
Lady in paying tribute to the people running women’s centres, for example, which do a fantastic job specifically for women, as well as to the broader set of alternative and community sentence options.
It is important that we make sure we continue to work on those, including working together with the Welsh Government.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.