Why, after so many warnings about Wandsworth, have the Government failed to act?
We take these matters extremely seriously.
The independent investigation will of course look at the question the hon.
Lady raised specifically about the 2019 incident to ensure that lessons were learned.
If we look at the independent review of progress from His Majesty’s inspectorate, we see that progress has been made in Wandsworth, particularly on staffing, which I know has rightly been a matter of considerable public interest.
There has been an increase of some 25% in staffing specifically at Wandsworth since 2017.
Years of warnings and years of inaction—I am afraid that rather sums the Government up.
On Sunday, the Justice Secretary told us that 40 prisoners have been moved from Wandsworth, claiming that that was out of “an abundance of caution”.
Will the Minister tell us how many other prisoners will have to be moved across the whole prison estate as a result of this escape?
What the public want to see is not an abundance of caution after the fact of an escape but an abundance of certainty that the prison estate is secure.
Is it?
It is.
The hon.
Lady would not expect me to get into a running commentary on transfer arrangements when we are talking about security.
I want to reassure her, the House and the public that escapes from prisons are very rare, and much rarer now than they used to be.
The number of escapes from prison in the last 13 years—since 2010—is considerably lower than it was in the 13 years before.
To encourage active travel, people need to feel confident using our roads, yet the courts can impose only the  same penalties on multiple offenders as on a first-timer.
Will my right hon.
Friend consider the introduction of escalating penalties for repeat traffic offences?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the issue of traffic offences.
As part of the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022, there was an increase in the minimum disqualification periods for the serious offence of causing death by careless driving when under the influence of drink or drugs from two years to five years, and an increase from three to six years if there is a repeat offence within three years.
The Department for Transport is also currently considering a broader call for evidence on motoring offences.
I hope that the very recent report from the all-party parliamentary group for cycling and walking will be useful to it in that respect.
I will ensure that colleagues at the DFT are aware of her interest in this issue.
As the absurdity of terrorist offenders in low category prisons plays out, is it not time to free up space by removing Julian Assange from Belmarsh maximum security facility, where he has languished since April 2019, guilty only of a minor bail breach, when his real offence was exposing war crimes?
Regardless of his place of incarceration, will the Minister ensure that he is able to attend proceedings in person, which he has been denied since January 2021, given all the comments about people being at court?
I think the hon.
Gentleman has achieved his objective: to get something on the record.
I will not comment on ongoing cases, but, speaking more generally, access to justice is at the heart of what we do.
I have a constituent who suffered life-changing injuries as a result of an assault eight years ago—she is not on her own, on that basis—but she was awarded only £150 from a compensation order during the criminal case and offered £1,000 from the Criminal Injuries Compensation Authority.
Will the Minister look at amending the Victims and Prisoners Bill so that victims can be given adequate care, compensation from offenders and support through the courts and, importantly, through the CICA?
I am grateful to my right hon.