Member for Finchley and Golders Green (Mike Freer) .
We were talking about employment on release, but what the hon.
Gentleman raises is incredibly important.
I have visited Wormwood Scrubs.
Rates of self-harm are unacceptably high.
They vary by place.
In the women’s estate, we have a particular issue with self-harm.
We are working closely with the national health service, which provides mental health support in prisons.
I am absolutely determined that we bring down levels of self-harm.
I call the new shadow Minister.
Prison leavers in employment training are less likely to reoffend.
That means that education and training for young offenders in prison is crucial.
Will the Minister say why the Government have failed so far to implement a new prison education service?
It was promised in their party’s manifesto in 2019.
Implementing it in 2025 is too little, too late.
I join you, Mr Speaker, in welcoming the hon.
Lady to her place and similarly look forward to working with her.
I can bring her good news.
First, there is an education service operating in every prison, with four contracted providers.
We also have additional provision that governors can put in place, but for the new service that she mentions—it was indeed a manifesto commitment—the process is well under way.
I look forward to being able to make further announcements before long.
What steps his Department is taking to reform the criminal justice system to help tackle violence against women and girls.
What steps his Department is taking to reform the criminal justice system to help tackle violence against women and girls.
What steps his Department is taking to reform the criminal justice system to help tackle violence against women and girls.
The crimes associated with VAWG are abhorrent, which is why we have already taken significant action to strengthen the criminal justice system’s response to it, including for example through our end-to-end rape review, driving up prosecutions, and the introduction of new protections for victims through the landmark Domestic Abuse Act 2021.
Much has been done, but we are ambitious in wanting to go further.
I understand what the Minister is saying, but it takes two years or more for rape cases to come to court, and 69% of victims withdraw from the cases before they come to trial.
Has the Minister had the chance to look at our proposal for specialist rape courts in every Crown court in the country?
I crave your indulgence, Mr Speaker.
May I take this opportunity to pay tribute to  the hon.
Member for Cardiff North (Anna McMorrin) , who shadowed me for some time, and to  the hon.
Member for Lewisham West and Penge (Ellie Reeves) , who also did so?
I wish them both well, although given the latter’s election co-ordination role, hopefully not too well.
It remains our priority to deliver swifter access to justice for victims of rape.
As the hon.
Gentleman says, the experience of attending court is incredibly difficult for them.
That is why we have committed to increasing the number of independent sexual violence advisers and independent domestic violence advisers to more than  1,000 over the next three years.
In June 2022, we announced our ambitious specialist sexual violence support project in three Crown courts, aimed at improving facilities and technology.
On the hon.
Gentleman’s specific question, I would urge a degree of caution on those proposals.
Listing is a judicial prerogative, and it is important we retain flexibility in the use of the court estate to maximise the use of courts and judges’ time for a range of offences and to meet the needs of the courts.
The independent inquiry into child sexual abuse recognised the issues with the criminal justice system and said:
“The length of time taken to investigate and prosecute child sexual abuse cases was…a matter of significant concern.
Delay within the criminal justice system can add to the harm caused by sexual abuse”.