Will he give us an indication of when the Government intend to bring forward further legislation, not only to deal with that, but to keep online safety under constant review?
It has been a pleasure to work with my right hon.
Friend on those amendments to the Online Safety Bill, which returns to the Commons today.
She is right to highlight the rapidly changing environment that we are legislating for and the need therefore to keep things under constant review.
Although she tempts me, I shall resist the temptation to speculate on a forthcoming King’s Speech or any future legislative announcements.
What I will say, which I hope will give her some reassurance, is that we have been clear that, as soon as legislative time can be found, the Government are committed to implementing the full package of measures in the Law Commission report.
Whether he has made a recent assessment of the performance of prisons in Wakefield constituency.
The most recent annual prison performance ratings for 2022-23 were published in July.
His Majesty’s Prison and Young Offender Institution New Hall was rated a 2, which is a matter of concern.
HMP Wakefield was rated a 4, or outstanding.
His Majesty’s Inspectorate of Prisons inspected HMP Wakefield last year and had several concerns, including many that remained unaddressed since its previous visit.
Those concerns included infrastructure that is in such a poor condition that it needs investment, insufficient healthcare staff, a lack of mental health interventions and too few activity places.
The prison leadership and staff continue to do the right thing and should be praised, but when will the Minister play his part and get our prisons back on track?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to talk about the inspectorate of prisons reports, which are a very important part of our system and help to hold the Prison Service and us to account.
In the case of Wakefield, as he mentions, it was judged a 3, which is reasonably good, for safety, for respect and for rehabilitation and release planning.
There was more to do on purposeful activity, which I readily accept is a theme we have seen in a number of reports from different prisons over time, particularly since covid.
The inspector also mentioned the strong leadership at the prison and that the prison was settled.
We need to continue to make progress, but I join the hon.
Gentleman in playing tribute to the leadership at that prison and throughout our Prison Service, and to all the brilliant staff who make it what it is.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce the backlog of criminal court cases.
My hon.
Friend raises an important point, and we remain committed to working with our partners across the criminal justice system to try to ensure that court processes are as efficient as possible.
We have introduced a raft of measures to achieve that aim, including allowing courts for a third year in a row to sit for an unlimited number of days, with extended use of 24 Nightingale courtrooms.
In addition, we have opened two permanent super-courtrooms in Manchester and Loughborough and are recruiting an additional 1,000 judges across all jurisdictions.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for that reply.
In Suffolk, the backlog of criminal court cases remains stubbornly high, which is not only denying victims justice, but placing a huge burden on the police and costing the local taxpayer a fortune.
Working with Suffolk’s police and crime commissioner Tim Passmore, can my hon.
Friend produce a comprehensive and bespoke plan that first clears the backlog, and then sets out a long-term strategy for the efficient functioning of the courts in the county?
I can reassure my hon.
Friend that in Suffolk the disposals to March 2023 were up by 23% on the previous quarter, while the outstanding case loads slightly reduced in the same period.