I am grateful to the hon.
Lady.
I know she is meeting the Secretary of State to discuss this matter and I do not want to pre-empt that meeting.
If she wishes, I am very happy to join that meeting with her, or even to meet her separately to talk about this issue if she feels that would be helpful.
Mr Speaker, you will not believe this, but it is almost six months since I finally secured a meeting with the Justice Minister and the Health Minister, after six cancellations, about what happened to section 4 of my Civil Partnerships, Marriages and Deaths (Registration etc) Act 2019, which empowers coroners to investigate stillbirths.
I was assured that the law, passed by this House in February 2019 and with a consultation that closed in June 2019, would be published imminently and progress would be made, but nothing has happened.
Is it ever going to happen?
Yes, it will.
Both the Health Minister and I are pushing this as fast as we possibly can.
The scale of the illegal drugs problem in prisons was such that five years ago the Government introduced a programme that cost £100 million.
Has the problem got worse or improved in the time since?
We are seeing progress.
It is a combined approach of drug recovery wings and incentivised subsidised free living, and ensuring that security is able to stop drugs getting into prison through things like x-ray body scanners, which we have deployed in many prisons.
It is perhaps unfortunate that many members of the public and much of the media only take an interest in prisons when there is an escape, but that is, thankfully, very rare.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in hoping to now see a calm and measured public debate about the role of prisons, not least working out ways to improve rehabilitation, which ultimately protects the public.
My hon.
Friend is exactly right.
He has a long history with this issue since before he reached this House.
It is, ultimately, all about rehabilitation, reducing reoffending and helping to keep the public safe.
Over 10,000 women have signed a public letter to the Prime Minister asking him to take action against the escalating campaign of threats and intimidation against women who stand up for women’s rights.
Many of these women are particularly concerned that the institutions supposed to protect them are failing to do so, including the criminal justice system.
Will the Minister with responsibility for victims be good enough to meet me and representatives of those who organised the letter to discuss this important issue?
I am always happy to meet the hon.
and learned Lady.
The reputation of our justice system depends on the independence, integrity and professionalism of our judges.
At the end of this month, the right hon.
Lord Burnett of Maldon will retire as Lord Chief Justice, to be succeeded by Dame Susan Carr, who will be the first ever female Lord Chief Justice.
Will the Minister place on the record in this House his appreciation, and all our appreciation, of Lord Burnett for the exceptional leadership he has shown to the judiciary throughout his term in office?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend.
I know the Lord Chief Justice and I am very happy, on behalf of His Majesty’s Government and all those on the Government Front Bench, to do exactly as my hon.
Friend says: to pay tribute to Lord Burnett’s exemplary period as Lord Chief Justice.
I would like to pay tribute to the campaigners who challenged joint enterprise.
As a result, the Crown Prosecution   Service has now committed to monitor who is prosecuted.
I welcome the report at the end of this month, but will the Minister commit to an audit of all joint enterprise convictions, particularly as more black people are disproportionately impacted?