I thank the Minister for his engagement with this process, particularly with the new technology of floating offshore wind.
Three floating offshore wind projects were due to bid in allocation round 5 but none did, due to the low administrative strike price.
As chair of the all-party parliamentary group for the Celtic sea, I have repeatedly been told that these projects are part of our future energy supply.
Can he outline what steps he is taking to ensure that these projects will float in allocation round 6 and to give confidence to developers in the region?
I thank my hon.
Friend, who is an absolute champion of floating wind and the economic opportunities it offers for her area and the rest of the  UK.
I was delighted to speak to her last week and meet her yesterday, and I pay tribute to her efforts.
We have the largest floating wind pipeline in the world, based on confirmed seabed exclusivity arrangements.
We have around 25 GW already identified, including through the ScotWind leasing round and innovation and targeted oil and gas—INTOG—processes.
As she, as a great champion, knows, the Crown Estate is moving forward with its leasing round 5 for up to 4 GW of capacity in the Celtic sea this year.
We have been the world leader on floating energy and we are going to stay the world leader.
Thanks to the efforts of my hon.
Friend, I know that we will have support across the House.
I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
The Minister failed to point out that 3.7 GW is scarcely half of what was achieved in auction round 5.
He also failed to mention, when he was heralding onshore wind, that 90% of that will be found in Scotland.
Since 2014, the four auction rounds have yielded 1 GW, 2.5 GW, 5 GW and 7 GW, so a nil return is an utter catastrophe.
The critical need for massive investment in offshore is patently obvious for bills and for the climate, yet this ambition has been thwarted by an incompetent previous Secretary of State and by the Treasury, which knows the price of everything and the value of nothing.
Can the Minister assure us that the Department will get round the table with industry as a matter of urgency to try to repair this damage?
Industry needs a strike price that reflects the not-mutually-exclusive goals of lower bills, net zero, and jobs and investment in Scotland and elsewhere.
Can he confirm whether a recovery group for auction round 5 will be convened by him or the Secretary of State to try to get this catastrophe resolved?
And where is she?
The hon.
Gentleman and his party never fail to trash this country—[Interruption.]
He can heckle all he wishes.
I will be meeting industry representatives this afternoon and, as I have said, we will be announcing in two months’ time the price ceiling for the next round—[Interruption.]
I am getting heckling, not least from His Majesty’s Opposition, who left us in that parlous situation.
We are the world leader in so many of these technologies and we are going to continue to be.
If  the hon.
Member for Angus (Dave Doogan)  were to recognise the need to attract investment to this country and not talk it down, he might find that Scottish jobs would be even stronger in the pipeline than they are already.
If any, how much of the completed wind capacity still requires connection to the national grid?
Until wind capacity is constructed, it is not normally connected to the grid.
That which has not been connected to the grid will need to be connected to the grid.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee on Energy Security and Net Zero.
The boom and bust of this fiasco will inevitably have knock-ons for the supply chain.
How concerned is the Minister about that?