As and when a new law is agreed in Edinburgh or Cardiff, say, what mechanism is in place to ensure that any such new law will not disrupt either England or other parts of the United Kingdom?
The hon.
Gentleman raises a good point.
We have more recently seen the Scottish Government attempt to railroad the rest of the UK on gender recognition.
It is better when our legislatures work in tandem for the benefit of all parties, not when Scotland tries to disrupt other parts of the United Kingdom with ill-thought out legislation.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
The Government will amend the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 this afternoon.
That 50-year-old piece of legislation controls the shape of Scotland’s criminal justice system to punish drug addiction with the full force of the law rather than treat users, in health settings, as addicts with health conditions.
What conversations has the Minister  had with Cabinet colleagues in the Scottish Government on introducing a safe drug consumption room pilot in Glasgow?
I am not sure, based on recent reports, that that particular pilot is working well.
I will happily ask colleagues to see whether that pilot is working as the hon.
Gentleman says it is, but that is not what the newspapers are reporting.
The UK Government’s response to it is something for the inter-ministerial group, which is meeting this afternoon.
I am a bit confused by the Minister’s response.
There currently is no pilot in Glasgow, but perhaps there have been some positive discussions between the Scottish Government and the Government here.
Given that there are 100 drug consumption rooms in more than 60 cities across the world, supported by mountains of evidence from NGOs, civil society groups and drug activists, alongside the Lord Advocate’s new policy not to prosecute drug users for possession offences committed within a pilot safer drugs consumption facility, can the Minister give an iron-clad commitment that the Government will not block this life-saving health measure?
How that legislation is dealt with is a matter for other colleagues, but I can reassure the hon.
Gentleman that, if treating drug taking as a health issue is working as he suggests it is, we will learn from that and discuss it with our colleagues in the NHS.
The broad principle of it being a health issue is being dealt with by the NHS and the Health Secretary.
In terms of legislation, that is a matter for Cabinet colleagues.
What recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of the prison estate for housing prisoners.
We are building 20,000 modern prison places to help rehabilitate prisoners, cut crime and protect the public, and we continue to invest in prison maintenance, so that existing places remain in use and safe.
The Minister’s answer is very interesting because, let’s face it, our prisons have been run down for 13 years.
Many are so old that they were built before RAAC—reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete—was even a twinkle in somebody’s bank account.
If we read the inspection reports, as I have, it is a list of woes.
They are draughty, damp, infested, terribly overcrowded and woefully understaffed—hardly likely to enable rehabilitation.
It is our communities that endure the consequences, with at least 37% of prison leavers reoffending within 18 months.
It is simply not good enough, is it?
We continue to upgrade the prison estate.
As I say, we are investing in 20,000 new places—the biggest expansion in the secure estate since the Victorian era.
At the same time, we have been taking out some of our most overcrowded and unsuitable prisons.
In the last financial year, we took out 1,900 places, and we are investing £168 million in custodial maintenance for 2023-24 and 2024-25.
The hon.
Lady mentioned reoffending.