I have a constituent who suffered life-changing injuries as a result of an assault eight years ago—she is not on her own, on that basis—but she was awarded only £150 from a compensation order during the criminal case and offered £1,000 from the Criminal Injuries Compensation Authority.
Will the Minister look at amending the Victims and Prisoners Bill so that victims can be given adequate care, compensation from offenders and support through the courts and, importantly, through the CICA?
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend, who throughout her time in the House, and particularly while Home Secretary, has always taken a keen interest in supporting victims of crime.
It is vital that victims get the compensation they are entitled to, be that from the offender or the criminal injuries compensation scheme, which paid out more than £173 million in 2022-23.
The making of a compensation order is a matter for the court, and there is no limit on the amount that a court can order an offender to pay.
In respect of the criminal injuries compensation scheme, His Majesty’s Government are consulting on changes following the report of the independent inquiry into child sexual abuse alongside previous consultations.
It is important that that can be considered fully, but that will be post-passage of the Victims and Prisoners Bill.
One of my constituents tells me that they are at risk of losing their home because of how long they have had to wait for a benefit decision appeal.
Will the  Minister outline what steps his Department is taking to reduce the current 33-week waiting time for benefit decision appeals to be heard?
Across the whole tribunal process, the team will constantly monitor who is performing and who is not, and will share best practice.
If the hon.
Lady would like to write to me with the details of a particular case, I can investigate the particular cause of delay.
Parliament passed a law in 2015 that offenders convicted of a second or subsequent knife offence should go to prison, yet in the year to March, 16,000 such offenders—37% of the total—dodged a jail sentence altogether.
That is the highest total since the law was introduced.
Will Ministers ensure that the courts now hand down the sentences legislated for in this House eight years ago?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the scourge of knife crime and the need for tough sentences.
Although sentencing in an individual case is a matter for our independent judiciary, which is able to consider the specific circumstances of individual cases, in legislating on this issue Parliament was clear about its seriousness.
That is reflected in average sentences for all types of knife crime, which are up from 6.5 months in 2010 to 8.1 months in 2020.
In addition, 87% of those committing repeat offences were given a custodial sentence, including suspended sentences, which are a custodial sentence.
I have a number of constituents whose asylum appeals were allowed by courts and tribunals service, but have now been thrust into limbo while the case goes back to the Home Office for approval.
What conversations have Ministers had with their Home Office colleagues on clearing the backlog that is preventing my constituents from getting on with their lives?
I am always happy to look at individual cases to see if there are specific issues causing a delay.
Broadly speaking, I work with colleagues at the Home Office and the Solicitor General’s office to see what we can do to ensure that any delays in the process are smoothed out, so that people do not have to wait for their day in court.
What review, if any, has the Department carried out to ensure that when courts extend bail, they ensure that the police are dealing with their investigations diligently and expeditiously?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point for her constituents.