I pay tribute to all colleagues who have worked so hard to promote tidal energy and make sure that we continue to be a world leader in that as well.
This is an embarrassment for the Government and shows that we are falling further and further behind in the race for green jobs internationally.
We have the lowest growth in these industries among the eight biggest economies.
Should the Government not be focusing much more on broadening and increasing the capacity of offshore wind, rather than not listening to industry and making fatal errors?
If the Labour party is not nationalising or creating some state-owned behemoth, it wants just to hurl money in the direction of business.
Our judgment is to balance those things and I am pleased to say that we have been successful; we have the largest offshore wind sector in Europe.
This country and this Government, through the CfDs, transformed the economics from the situation we inherited after the right hon.
Member for Doncaster North and his colleagues had been in power.
Delivering on the floating offshore wind project in the Celtic sea is vital for our energy security and decarbonisation.
Does the Minister agree that we now need to bolster confidence in this emerging industry?
There are two things he can do.
Does he agree that a successful allocation of FLOWMIS money to the south Wales ports in order to get this industry moving is vital?
Does he also agree that we need to ensure that the Crown Estate’s leasing round at the end of the year is done successfully, but with more than 4 GW of visibility, in order to send a strong market signal to the industry to invest?
My right hon.
Friend is also someone who, through thick and thin, promotes that industry and sees the opportunity it offers Wales.
He makes a special bid for the Welsh ports, as I would expect him to do, but he will understand that I can make no comment on that.
I entirely agree with him on the importance of the Crown Estate round.
Suffice it to say that across Government we have been working flat out, with his and other colleagues’ support, to support the Crown Estate to ensure that we maximise the opportunity in the Celtic sea.
The Government’s obsession with oil and gas has left us in this mess.
The Department has prioritised new oil and gas licences over support for wind power, which flies in the face of our climate change commitments and our responsibilities to UK citizens—our constituents—to keep energy prices  low.
Oil and gas will always be more expensive than wind energy.
When will the Minister fill the gap of 5 GW of offshore wind that we have now missed out on, which would have saved consumers £2 billion a year?
I am not talking about the sixth auction round—I am talking about the fifth one, where we have missed out now.
The hon.
Lady is completely mistaken.
We are working flat out both to reduce demand for fossil fuels in this country and to build up our renewables.
I would hope she would celebrate the fact that we have the largest offshore wind sector in Europe.
The Government have long been warned that their focus on CfDs as the primary mechanism for financing new renewables risks undermining investor confidence in infrastructure assets with long lifespans but significant up-front capital costs, such as nuclear and tidal range generation.
Following the Government’s decision to employ a regulated asset base model to support the development of new nuclear, will the Minister now commit to looking urgently at the optimum financial model for new tidal range projects, which could make a crucial contribution to the future UK energy mix?
The CfD scheme is among the most successful, if not the most successful, of its sort in the world.
We always look at ways in which we can improve it.