Listing is a judicial prerogative, and it is important we retain flexibility in the use of the court estate to maximise the use of courts and judges’ time for a range of offences and to meet the needs of the courts.
The independent inquiry into child sexual abuse recognised the issues with the criminal justice system and said:
“The length of time taken to investigate and prosecute child sexual abuse cases was…a matter of significant concern.
Delay within the criminal justice system can add to the harm caused by sexual abuse”.
The experience of a constituent I am helping suggests that is still the case.
What mandatory training for court, judicial and other criminal justice is available to ensure that they appropriately support people who have been subject to this abuse?
It is nice to see the hon.
Lady in her place and it is always a pleasure to answer questions from her.
She highlights an important issue raised by IICSA and historic and current child sexual abuse.
It is worth remembering that the investigation of such crimes can be lengthy because of the complexities of the crimes and of obtaining evidence.
While training for the judiciary and courts is a matter for the judiciary and the Judicial College rather than for the Government, we have been investing in training, as have police forces, across a range of specialisms, including handling child sexual abuse cases.
It is important that they are handled with sensitivity and with an understanding of the impact that the trauma has had on those who are victims, and indeed also those who are witnesses.
She touched on a specific case and I am happy to engage with her outwith the Chamber if that would be helpful.
According to the latest research, rape charges are taking longer to be brought forward; the average time a victim has to wait for their attacker to be charged—just charged—is now 400 days, over a year.
That is disgraceful, and the situation is getting worse.
When will Ministers speed up the process and give women, girls and all victims of rape across England and Wales the justice they deserve?
The hon.
Lady is right to highlight the importance of timeliness.
One of the key aims of Operation Soteria—the new model for investigating rape and serious sexual offences that is being rolled out to all police forces in the coming months—is to improve timeliness.
Investigations in this space are, of necessity, often complex and can take a long time.
The number of rape convictions is at or around the level it was in 2010.
Now, the number of cases passed by the police to the Crown Prosecution Service for charge is up 130%.
The number of cases charged is up more than 90%, and the number of cases received in the Crown court is up by more than 120%.
Much has been achieved, but she is right to highlight that there is always more that we can and should do in this important space.
To tackle violence against women and girls, we need a criminal justice system that works.
Part of that is having laws that are up to date to deal with the issues that women face today.
I had the pleasure of working with my right hon.
Friend the Minister on amendments to the Online Safety Bill that will make it a criminal offence to post intimate images online without consent, but he, I and others know that there are still gaps in the law when it comes to the making of those images.
Will he give us an indication of when the Government intend to bring forward further legislation, not only to deal with that, but to keep online safety under constant review?
It has been a pleasure to work with my right hon.
Friend on those amendments to the Online Safety Bill, which returns to the Commons today.