Last week, the think-tank Common Wealth made the critical point:
“Reliance on market coordination leaves the transition vulnerable to the demands of private capital”.
It is abundantly clear that private capital cannot deliver what is urgently required to stem the climate crisis.
In Wales, the Welsh Government know that, which is why, over the summer, they launched the community-owned renewable energy company, Ynni Cymru.
Does the Minister agree that that is what is required, and what action is he taking to address this?
I thank the hon.
Lady for pulling back the veil on Labour’s real policy, which is that it hates private capital, it hates private investment and it would destroy the phenomenal success of this country in generating that. [
Interruption.]
The Front Benchers can heckle all they like, but that is what their Back Benchers want.
That is the policy that threatens the British people and threatens our path to net zero.
We must make sure that people such as the hon.
Lady never have power in this country.
Scottish Renewables has said that the results are a major blow to the renewables sector in Scotland and should serve as an indication that urgent reform is needed.
Scottish Renewables, not a political party but part of the industry, has also said that these disastrous results are bad for Scotland’s energy supply chain, which desperately needs a steady stream of projects to make its own investments in skilling up and in new technology.
Will the Minister acknowledge that his and his Department’s failure to listen to warnings from the industry is holding back Scotland’s renewable sector?
I thank the hon.
and learned Lady for her question.
Industry always asks to be paid more money.
Our job is to make the right judgment call on getting the balance right.
I saw in the newspapers yesterday that astronomers have discovered a water-covered planet in a far away galaxy.
I have to disappoint these excited scientists that, from his answers today, the Minister appears to have got there before them. [
Interruption.]
On another planet, yes.
Seriously though, this setback to the Erebus project in south-west Wales is deeply disappointing.
It was the first of its kind in Wales and was supposed to pave the way to a developing industry.
I hope the Minister can reassure me that he is taking steps to make sure that, in AR6, projects such as Erebus are enabled to compete successfully and to lead the way for this industry in Wales.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman, not least for his attempt at a gag.
I can tell him that what he says is the whole basis of the system—that it learns from each round.
The most real economic data that we get is from an auction round.
Moving to annual rounds, there will be ebb and flow as the right balance is sought between getting the generation that we require, set against our extremely ambitious deadlines, and not paying too much.
That is the balance that we strike.
We have 3.7 GW and I imagine that we will do even better next time.
I feel as if I am almost taking my life in my hands, but I do want to commend the Minister for one small piece of good news in this round, which is in relation to the development of marine renewables.
The success of the auction for tidal stream development illustrates what would be possible for wave power if it were to be given the same opportunity in AR6.
But for tidal stream, does the Minister agree that what is now needed is the 1 GW target for deployment?
Will he work with me and other people in the House with an interest in this and the marine renewables sector itself to deliver that ahead of AR6?
May I pay tribute to the right hon.
Gentleman?