Will he work with me and other people in the House with an interest in this and the marine renewables sector itself to deliver that ahead of AR6?
May I pay tribute to the right hon.
Gentleman?
I met him in his constituency when I visited the European Marine Energy Centre and saw for myself some of the projects in the water.
I am personally determined to ensure that tidal stream continues to grow.
We maintain our global leadership, with a very high percentage UK supply chain as a further positive to it.
He tempts me to get ahead of myself on policy, but I cannot do that.
However, what we are doing and what our dedicated pot this year did is further strengthen that so that we can get in a position where that might be a realistic policy position to take.
Even with a higher price, offshore wind would help to slash bills.
When the Minister saw the Irish Government recognise inflation, up the price and proceed to a successful auction, what discussions did he have with the industry and with Treasury colleagues about the price to be set?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question, which is a good one.
Obviously, we did look at whether intervention, given that prices continue to change after they are set, was the right thing to do.
We think that the CfD mechanism—the way that it is operated—is sound and that the best thing to do is to allow that to pass for the year.
One reason for having the annual auction was  precisely to allow us quickly to adjust, and, as I say, as soon as November, we will be setting the parameters for the next year.
Last November, the Government paid up to £700 million to China General Nuclear Corporation to buy out China’s state-owned nuclear power enterprise from Sizewell C, and we spent the best part of 2022 freeing ourselves from our reliance on Russian oil and gas.
Given the failure of this Government to sell offshore wind projects in the latest round, can the Minister please comment on how energy independence from authoritarian states was served by this inability to run an auction?
We are now running these auctions every year, and every year, we will be seeking to get the generation that we require at the lowest possible cost to the consumer.
I make no apology for doing that.
The fact that we have the most successful system, not only in Europe, but globally, is something that should be applauded and recognised.
The Windsor report last month provides a sobering analysis about the scale of new electricity transmission infrastructure required to serve increased renewable generation and consumer demand in a very short space of time.
However, as the report finds, there is considerable resistance locally to pylon development, as we are finding out in my constituency.
Competence for such development is with the Welsh Government, but will the Minister pull together a working group of Ministers from across the UK and experts to consider the Windsor report, and in particular the advantages of cable ploughing technology, which would underground those cables at a comparable cost to overhead pylons without the visual damage?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his constructive and effective question.
He is absolutely right to highlight the challenges of making sure that we have the right transmission and connection infrastructure to facilitate offshore wind.
We have to do that in a way that minimises negative impacts on communities, that rewards them for hosting it, and that looks at new technologies and innovations, just as we do in other areas, in order to facilitate that effective connection with minimal negative impact on communities that host.