Friend produce a comprehensive and bespoke plan that first clears the backlog, and then sets out a long-term strategy for the efficient functioning of the courts in the county?
I can reassure my hon.
Friend that in Suffolk the disposals to March 2023 were up by 23% on the previous quarter, while the outstanding case loads slightly reduced in the same period.
That reflects the hard work that is done with our partners to ensure that we get through the case load as fast as possible.
We continue to work with the judiciary to identify how we can get the high workload moving more smoothly.
Across the Department, and working with our partners, the Crown court improvement group continues to look at best practice and the local criminal justice board will always look at best practice across the country to see what we can do to ensure that his area continues to perform.
Is the Minister aware that the criminal courts are full of cases relating to joint enterprise, a terrible miscarriage of justice?
Will he and the Justice team promise to meet me and the campaigning group JENGbA—Joint Enterprise Not Guilty by Association—to see whether we can clear the justice system of the many people who should never have been in the courts?
The hon.
Gentleman has campaigned on that issue for some time, and I have met his colleague,  the hon.
Member for Edmonton (Kate Osamor) , to discuss it.
The data collection does not support the identification of cases relating to joint enterprise, but I understand that the Crown Prosecution is now doing an exercise on better data collection to see whether the issue that he continues to raise, quite rightly, is borne out by the data, and we can see what action we might take to address any injustices.
I call the shadow Minister.
As  the hon.
Member for Waveney (Peter Aldous)  pointed out, chaos in our courts continues.
Now, 500 security guards have voted for strike action after a pay offer worth just 38p an hour above the minimum wage.
Peter Slator, chairman of OCS, which employs the guards, says in his annual review:
“This was an exceptional year where our colleagues went above and beyond to deliver reliable, high-quality services for our customers around the world in the most challenging circumstances.
The reliability and resilience of our frontline colleagues during the pandemic has been exceptional.”
I am sure the Minister will agree that the Government should pay Mr Slator’s company enough for him to deliver fair pay.
Will he intervene to stop further chaos in our courts?
Our courts are not in chaos. [
Interruption.]
I am sure that if the hon.
Gentleman took the time to talk to all partners across the criminal justice system, they would bear that out.
All elements of the criminal justice system, in whatever role they play, continue to ensure that it works smoothly.
The pay award is a matter for the private sector employer; I will not intervene.
What recent discussions he has had with the Scottish Government on justice.
I am pleased to say that the inaugural meeting of the inter-ministerial group on justice is taking place this afternoon, chaired by Lord Bellamy and attended by the Scottish Government Cabinet Secretary for Justice, Angela Constance MSP, as well the Counsel General for Wales, Mick Antoniw MS.
That new forum has been established by an agreement between the four nations of the UK.
It has discussed justice issues of mutual interest.
I rise as a convinced devolutionist.
In fact, I think I am the only Member of this place whose signature is on the Claim of Right for Scotland.
As and when a new law is agreed in Edinburgh or Cardiff, say, what mechanism is in place to ensure that any such new law will not disrupt either England or other parts of the United Kingdom?
The hon.
Gentleman raises a good point.