I would like to pay tribute to the campaigners who challenged joint enterprise.
As a result, the Crown Prosecution   Service has now committed to monitor who is prosecuted.
I welcome the report at the end of this month, but will the Minister commit to an audit of all joint enterprise convictions, particularly as more black people are disproportionately impacted?
I can commit to wait until we have seen what the work being done by the CPS uncovers.
Once we have data, we can then have a rational discussion on the next steps.
Is the Minister aware of the prevalence of the unfounded and unscientific concept of parental alienation within our family courts?
It is causing suffering and, in some cases, violence against women and girls.
What steps is the Department taking to ensure that the courts recognise the harm of this discredited concept?
The Department is well aware of the concerns, which is why the matter is currently under review.
The results of that review, including publication of all the data and research behind the outcomes, will be published later this year.
(Urgent Question):  To ask the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero if she will make a statement on the implications for offshore wind of contracts for difference allocation round 5.
The first annual contracts for difference auction—the first that we have ever done—was completed last week and delivered a total of 3.7 GW of renewable electricity, with contracts going to a record number of projects.
The auction delivered significant quantities of new solar and onshore wind generation, as well as supporting 11 new tidal stream projects and, for the first time, geothermal projects.
It was a competitive auction, set against a backdrop of highly challenging macroeconomic conditions that have impacted the sector globally.
Given that this was our first annual round, it was to be expected that it would have a lower capacity than the previous biennial rounds, and, because last year’s round was the first for three years, a higher annual element than that record round.
The Government remain committed to offshore and floating offshore wind projects, and this round provides valuable learning for subsequent auctions.
Work has already started on allocation round 6, incorporating the results of the recent round, and we look forward to a strong pipeline of technologies being able to participate.
The move to annual auctions means that allocation round 6 will open in just six months’ time, in March 2024, which means that there could be minimal or indeed no delay in the deployment of new capacity through that round.
The Government also remain committed to our target of decarbonising the power system by 2035 and our ambitions for 50 GW of offshore wind, including up to 5 GW of floating offshore wind.
Our trajectory for meeting these aims, as well as our legally binding carbon budget 6 targets, is not linear.
The outcome for one technology in one auction does not prevent us from reaching those goals.
What a load of nonsense.
No wonder the Secretary of State is in hiding.
This auction is an energy security disaster for Britain, and an act of economic self- harm on the part of the Government.
No new offshore wind projects means that families’ energy bills will £2 billion higher and our energy security will be weakened.
Worst of all, this was totally avoidable.
Ministers were warned again and again about the impacts of higher inflation—in a letter from RenewableUK in March, and again in July—and offshore wind is so much cheaper than gas that they could have raised the price in the auction and it would still have saved billions of pounds for families, but they refused to listen.
First, will the Minister tell us why the Government ignored those repeated warnings?
Secondly, he said on Friday that every country was in the same boat, but that is just wrong.