In the last financial year, we took out 1,900 places, and we are investing £168 million in custodial maintenance for 2023-24 and 2024-25.
The hon.
Lady mentioned reoffending.
There is no good level of reoffending but zero, but I am pleased to be able to report good progress on reoffending, which has been coming down as a result of more ex-offenders getting into employment, fewer of them being homeless and more being able to get suitable, good treatment for addiction.
I call the Chair of the Justice Committee.
The Justice Committee is proposing to hold an inquiry into future prison population and estate capacity, and I look forward to the Minister giving evidence to us about that.
He will know that that is prompted in part by concerns that overall overcrowding in the adult male estate is some 23%, and it is much worse in many of the old local prisons.
While he is right to draw attention to the Government’s new prison building programme, even if that were all completed on time, there would, according to figures we have seen, be a shortfall in March 2025 of about 2,300 places as against anticipated demand.
What is going to be done to deal with that?
Should we have a proper conversation with the public about what is a reasonable expectation of what can be done in prisons, what is the best use of prisons and who should be there?
On my hon.
Friend’s last point, of course we must constantly be having an intelligent, constructive public debate about these matters.
On the question of capacity, projections change, and there are many complex factors at play.
I look forward, as ever, to being scrutinised by his Committee on that point.
It is important to note that crowding—doubling up in cells—has for a very long time been a feature of our prison system.
Crowding overall is 2,000 fewer than it was when we came into government in 2010.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to reduce the number of foreign national offenders in the prison system.
Between January 2019 and December 2022, we removed 13,851 foreign national offenders from the country.
As my hon.
Friend rightly suggests, that is all about close working with colleagues, including in the Home Office.
We have all seen the stories of convicted foreign criminals being pulled off planes at the last minute.
The Nationality and Borders Act 2022 was brought in to improve the process of returning criminals—to speed up that process and increase the window for removal of foreign national offenders from prison under the early removal scheme.
Could my right hon.
Friend comment on how that scheme is working, how he expects it to affect the numbers, and how he expects the process to be sped up?
As my hon.
Friend mentions, under the Nationality and Borders Act, we expanded the FNO early removal scheme window from nine months to 12 months, allowing for earlier removal.
We are working closely with the Home Office on that.
In May,  we also agreed a landmark new deal with Albania, and we are working to negotiate new prisoner transfer agreements with EU member states and other countries.
I thank the Minister very much for that response.
It has been reported that the proportion of Northern Ireland’s total jail population who hail from outside the United Kingdom and Ireland is disproportionately high—the figures indicate that it is between 7% and 9% per year.
Has the Minister had an opportunity to assess that with the Department of Justice back home?
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, given the way we are organised, we do not cover the Northern Ireland Prison Service.
However, it is very important that we stay in close touch and, although I have not had that specific conversation recently with colleagues in Northern Ireland, there will no doubt be opportunities in the future.
What progress he has made on the sale of Reading Gaol.