That would be a change well worth making.
My hon.
Friend has made another interesting point.
He says that the Pension Protection Fund is there for when a pension fund fails, and that the Bill may be an incentive for viable pension funds that do not already use a 12-month period to do so, and to  mirror what the Pension Protection Fund does.
Will he, or perhaps the Minister, tell me whether there is an understanding of how many pension funds have a 12-month provision?
Will the Bill increase that in viable pension funds?
I grateful to my hon.
Friend for making a good point.
I do not have those figures, and I do not necessarily expect the Minister to have them to hand, but we should look into that, and try to take that point forward.
My hon.
Friend is making a powerful speech that I am sure most of us will have no difficulty agreeing with.
In the lead-up to the Bill’s introduction, has he spoken to charities and other organisations about what impact extending the period from six to 12 months will have on people’s real lives, and on their families and friends?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that.
Yes, I spoke in particular to the Marie Curie charity, which told me of some very sad cases.
It is important to stress that the Bill refers to occasions when the pension fund or its sponsoring company becomes insolvent, so the Bill is narrow in scope.
However, he makes a good point.
The charity gave me a number of examples, and there are many others.
That brings us back to my point that we should look to extend the 12-month provision beyond the Bill to other pension schemes.
The last thing that someone given a terminal illness diagnosis needs is more financial problems.
If there is anything we can do about that, I am happy to take it forward with the Minister and the Government.
I thank my hon.
Friends for their interventions.
Determining the length of time that someone has to live falls to health professionals, and it is a heartbreaking and difficult judgment to make.
Modern medicine, surgery and palliative care—such as that provided by the excellent Sue Ryder hospice in my constituency—and the general care provided by our NHS staff make that judgment even more difficult.
I therefore feel that it is right to extend the definition of “terminally ill” from the very narrow band of six months to the more accommodating threshold of 12 months.
That is fairer not only to the people who are ill, but to those who have to make that very difficult judgment—a judgment that it is especially difficult for health professionals to make when they know that a person’s pension payments may rest on it.
The Bill extends throughout the United Kingdom, and would come into force in England, Scotland and Wales
“on such day or days as the Secretary of State may by regulations appoint”,
and in Northern Ireland when the Department for Communities appoints by order.
I am about to wind up, but I think my right hon.
Friend  the Member for East Yorkshire (Sir Greg Knight)  wishes to intervene again.
My hon.
Friend is generous.
I think he is referring to clause 2(4).
Is he entirely happy about the wording of that subsection?
The Bill could be passed with unanimous support from all parts of the House, but under that subsection, a Minister could later decide not to implement the measure.
We would be unable to do anything about that.
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for mentioning that point.
The Government have been very co-operative while I have been preparing the Bill, so I remain confident that they will not hesitate to name the day.
Technically, the Bill will not come into force until the Government decide that it will, but I am confident that that will happen.
I thank my hon.