Unfortunately, there is not a clearcut, correct answer on how terminal illnesses should be defined, so as my hon.
Friend the Member for Tewkesbury said, that should be left to the professionals.
In recognition of that, the 2022 Act was preceded by an evaluation in which the majority of clinicians who responded said that a 12-month definition was preferable, as it would bring the special rules for benefits into line with NHS practice and NHS initiatives, such as the gold standards framework.
The Department agreed, and the 2022 legislation aligned the definition of terminal illness with that used in the NHS, providing consistency for clinicians and tying the special rules into the NHS long-term plan to provide proactive, personalised and well co-ordinated care for all those in their final year of life.
This Bill builds on the previous legislation by aligning the definition used for the Pension Protection Fund and financial assistance scheme payments with that used more widely in the Department for Work and Pensions and the NHS.
The Government believe that the 12-month timeframe is appropriate for defining the period for serious ill health payments in tax law.
For an individual to meet the definition of a person in serious ill health, evidence is required from a registered medical practitioner that the individual is expected to live for less than one year.
The Pension Protection Fund may be a compensation scheme, rather than a pension scheme, but in many ways it is treated as a pension scheme for taxation purposes.
That means that the Pension Protection Fund terminal illness payment falls under the category of a serious ill health lump sum.
That allows it to be paid without triggering unauthorised payment tax charges on either the individual or the Pension Protection Fund.
Extending the definition of terminal illness to longer than a year would open up members to significant tax charges on their terminal illness payments, which is not what the Government want at all.
My hon.
Friend the Member for North East Bedfordshire asked about the impact on the levy.
We believe that the cost to the Pension Protection Fund will be marginal.
Most members will simply get their payments earlier.
He also asked about pension funds having a 12-month provision.
The benefits provided will depend on scheme rules.
We do not know how many schemes have such a provision, but we believe that many schemes already provide early access to lump sums for terminally ill members, or those with a life expectancy of 12 months or less, because that is allowed under tax law.
My hon.
Friend the Member for Shipley and my right hon.
Friend the Member for East Yorkshire asked about commencement.
As with any Bill that passes through both Houses, it will come into force on a day appointed by the Secretary of State.
It is the intention for that to be as soon as practicable after Royal Assent, to ensure that all measures relating to the Pension Protection Fund and financial assistance scheme come in at the same time.
I heard that my right hon.
Friend the Member for Ludlow had written to the Secretary of State, and I will make sure that an answer comes to him in a timely way.
He asked who makes the decisions; the answer is clinicians, medical assessors and specialist nurses.
In response to my right hon.
Friend the Member for East Yorkshire, let me say that one can obtain a second opinion, and that goes for all the illnesses that I mentioned.
I thank all hon.
and right hon.
Members for their contributions, and for the sensitive way in which they have approached this matter.
I appreciate the “time-bound” argument that my hon.
Friend the Member for Shipley put forward, but these matters are always a challenge for clinicians.
I agree with him and my hon.