Whatever system we have in future, I very much hope that we will always be able to keep a consistency of approach, because otherwise it is not fair.
On the Bill’s commencement, my right hon.
Friend the Member for East Yorkshire was absolutely right—to be fair, my hon.
Friend the Member for Tewkesbury set it out clearly in speaking to the Bill, so it is not as if anything was being hidden—to focus on the fact that the measures
“come into force on such day or days as the Secretary of State may by regulations appoint.”
I share his concern.
We all think something is a good idea, the House of Commons passes a Bill, as does the House of Lords, but lo and behold, nothing happens.
I think most of our constituents will find that to be an intolerable situation.
Can the Minister explain why we must have such a woolly starting point in the Bill?
I cannot see the need for it.
Why can we not have a specific starting date?
Surely, at the least, a “no later than” date—based on the reasons any delay might be needed—could be inserted.
It is important that the Minister explains why we cannot have a specific date, why there might be a delay, and why we cannot have a “no later than” date added to the Bill.
I am pretty sure that we will all want to consider that again either in Committee or the subsequent stages.
Has my hon.
Friend examined clause 2(7), which gives the Secretary of State the power to make transitional arrangements, so that a nine-month period could be introduced for a specific time.
I do not understand why we are giving the Government that flexibility.
If the House and the other place approve the Bill, and the monarch signs it, it should become law and be implemented.
My right hon.
Friend makes a good point.
One duty of Members in scrutinising legislation and holding the Government to account is to ensure that on a day like today, when people are anxious to get through as much as possible, the Government do not sneak into the Bill a few powers to change things more easily in future—powers that perhaps the House might not otherwise want to give them.
At the moment, this House passes far too many things that give the Government of the day sweeping powers to change things without coming back to the House for meaningful scrutiny.
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right to be wary of those measures.
This is a fairly short Bill, but the most extensive part is clause 2, which basically gives the Government powers to vary this and that, introduce the measures when they want, and so on.
We should always be nervous about legislation that is a convenience for the Executive rather than a benefit for our constituents.
It is incumbent on the Minister to explain why the Government need those powers.
Is there a specific reason that each of those powers has been added to the Bill, or is it a typical catch-all—“Let’s shove the lot in there just in case we might need it at some point in the future”?
We should always be wary of such measures.
If there is a good reason that each subsection in clause 2 is needed, let us hear it so that we can all make our own minds up about them.
If they are not needed and have just been shoved in for a bit of convenience in case the powers are needed at a later date, perhaps the House might want to say, “Well, we don’t think you should have those powers.
If you want to do something different, you should come back at a later date and make that case.”
I look forward to hearing the Minister’s response on that.