Two questions must be considered about the financial repercussions of the policy.
First, how many applications for full commutation on the grounds of serious ill health are received by the Pension Protection Fund scheme  each year?
I was told that the number is in double figures—it is really not many.
I should say that Tim Middleton has been working in the pensions industry since 1987, and he has only ever encountered three cases of a special rule being applied to a Pension Protection Fund scheme, so we can safely say that it is not a big number.
The second question, which my hon.
Friend the Member for North East Bedfordshire rightly asked, is were the application period extended from six months to 12 months, as the Bill anticipates, what additional costs would the Pension Protection Fund incur?
A member being able to apply within the extended 12 months of a diagnosis, rather than six months, would be a change.
Tim Middleton, who is an expert in the field—of course, if the Government have any different figures, we would all be delighted to hear them— has said:
“Whilst there is likely to be an increase in cost, it does not seem likely that this would be significant, and, in any event, for a scheme as large as the PPF, it is expected that these costs could be easily absorbed.”
That should give my hon.
Friend some comfort that the scheme will not be burdened beyond its means, but it certainly needs to be considered.
It would be helpful if the Minister let us know whether her assessment is the same as the one I have been given.
By way of context, in the European Court of Justice judgment in the Hampshire case in 2018, it was estimated that the additional annual cost to the Pension Protection Fund would be £215 million, and that it would affect approximately 1,200 members.
The Bill changes would see nothing like that figure.
For completeness, I looked at whether anything other countries did could be usefully included in the Bill, based on their practices and experiences.
Comparing the terminal illness definitions of countries with comparable systems, I found that Belgium uses the phrase “palliative status”, which is defined as
“expected survival of a maximum of 2 months, due to one or more irreversible disorders and with the intention of dying at home”.
The Netherlands defines it as
“with an expectation to die within 12 months”.
Australia and New Zealand use an “average life expectancy of less than 2 years”.
In Canada, a terminal medical condition is a disease that
“cannot be cured or adequately treated and is reasonably expected to result in death within 6 months”.
Spain refers to people who will
“benefit from palliative care for example, those with an incurable, advanced and progressive disease; limited life forecast; low possibility of response to specific treatments… frequent crisis of needs; intense emotional and family impact; impact on the care structure; high demand and use of resources”.
From those definitions, we can see that there is no clear international definition of what constitutes a terminal illness for the purposes of a welfare system, whether that is a benefit system or a pensions system.
Some countries, as we can see, have taken a time-based approach, and others have gone for a clinical definition.
This is a wider area that needs more consideration generally, but my hon.
Friend the Member for Tewkesbury’s Bill is exactly right to make the point that the two systems—the benefit system and the pension system—should be exactly the same.
There is absolutely no reason why they should not.
Whatever system we have in future, I very much hope that we will always be able to keep a consistency of approach, because otherwise it is not fair.
On the Bill’s commencement, my right hon.
Friend the Member for East Yorkshire was absolutely right—to be fair, my hon.