I appreciate the “time-bound” argument that my hon.
Friend the Member for Shipley put forward, but these matters are always a challenge for clinicians.
I agree with him and my hon.
Friend the Member for Stoke-on-Trent Central that a better conversation about end of life, and how we treat issues as we move forward into that stage of our life, would be a very good thing for us all.
We should be a lot more discussive about it.
I thank my hon.
Friend the Member for Tewkesbury for bringing forward the Bill and all right hon.
and hon.
Members for their contributions.
These changes will make a significant, positive impact for people nearing the end of their lives by ensuring that most pension fund members will be able to receive a payment at an earlier stage.
That will give them the financial support they need at a most difficult time for them and their families, as well as help them plan more effectively to get the most out of the finances they are due.
These changes send a message about end of life: that the conversation must be alive and vibrant for us all, so that we do the best we can.
I am pleased to support the Bill and wish it a speedy passage through both Houses.
I call Mr Laurence Robertson to wind up, with the leave of the House.
I thank the Minister for that response and the shadow Minister for her contribution.
I also thank my right hon.
and hon.
Friends for their speeches and interventions.
They all raised good points, but I think the most important one, made by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Shipley (Philip Davies) , was that the Bill takes us in the right direction but should not be the last word on this issue.
We must look at assessing people in terms of illness, because it is not just about time; it is about the diagnosis and the seriousness of those illnesses.
I am pleased that the Minister picked that up.
We must look to extrapolate this principle into other pension payments and schemes, as I mentioned in my speech.
Finally, I am pleased that the Minister confirmed that the Government intend to ensure that the Bill starts to have an impact as quickly as possible after Royal Assent.
I look forward to working with her and the Government on that basis.
Question put and agreed to.
Bill accordingly read a Second time; to stand committed to a Public Bill Committee ( Standing Order No.
63 ).
Second Reading
I beg to move, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
Before I begin, I pay tribute to the incredible people who have made it possible for us to be here today, challenging the shocking miscarriage of justice that is joint enterprise.
I want to say a massive thanks to Joint Enterprise Not Guilty by Association families and campaigners both inside and outside prison, some of whom are in the Gallery.
Their perseverance and determination has allowed me to present the Bill.
Since the early days of the campaign back in 2010, they have fought fearlessly and tirelessly against some of the most powerful British institutions for truth and justice to get to where we are today.
They have never given up, and the Bill is a result of their work.
I am so proud to have the privilege of working alongside them and bringing their campaign to Parliament.
I thank the many other people who have supported this campaign and helped to raise awareness of and support for our demands.
My deepest gratitude goes to Jimmy McGovern, the indomitable screenwriter from my home city of Liverpool, Colin McKeown, the talented Northern Irish film maker, their teams and whole cast of the film “Common”, some of whom are in the Gallery.
That film, brought to our screens a decade ago, accurately depicts the injustice of joint enterprise.