This change will enable more people living with complex and unpredictable terminal illness like motor neurone disease to access the support they need swiftly and sensitively.
This is an important first step and we hope that this positive change can be enacted for other applicable benefits as soon as possible.”
Marie Curie also welcomed the changes, saying that they would
“make it easier for terminally ill people to access support quickly”,
and that
“the scrapping of the six-month rule for fast track access to benefits is a significant step forward.”
Macmillan Cancer Support said:
“Patients deserve better co-ordination of care into the last year(s) of life and this change gives us a brilliant opportunity to help them benefit from end of life financial support while having treatment, so they can make the most of the last year(s) of life.”
This Bill takes a further step in supporting those with a terminal illness by extending similar support through compensation payments made by the Pension Protection Fund and payments under the financial assistance scheme.
As my hon.
Friend the Member for Tewkesbury explained, the Pension Protection Fund pays compensation to members of eligible defined benefit pension schemes if the sponsoring employer became insolvent on or after  6 April 2005  and the scheme has insufficient assets to meet its pension liabilities.
Members can claim their compensation payments before their scheme’s normal pension age, generally from the age of 55.
The financial assistance scheme makes payments to members of qualifying schemes that are unable to meet their pension liabilities in full.
Currently, members of the PPF who are not yet entitled to receive compensation may make an application to their scheme for a terminal illness payment if they are expected to live for six months or less.
Terminal illness is currently defined in legislation as
“if... the person’s death in consequence of that disease can reasonably be expected within 6 months.”
The Bill amends that definition to ensure that members with a life expectancy of up to 12 months can now receive the payments.
It will restore the original policy intention of alignment between the social security special rules and the Pension Protection Fund.
The same definition applies to the financial assistance scheme, and the Bill therefore amends that definition as well.
The financial assistance scheme differs from the PPF in that a terminal illness diagnosis allows payments from the financial assistance scheme to be put in place immediately, rather than a specific lump sum being provided.
My right hon.
Friend the Member for East Yorkshire and my hon.
Friend the Member for North East Bedfordshire asked what consultation we had carried out.
As I think my hon.
Friend the Member for Shipley mentioned, we have consulted general practitioners, consultants, specialist nurses and other medical professionals.
Some may argue that the Government should take a more open-ended approach and not put any time limit on the payments.
That argument, as we have heard, may be particularly pertinent for those who have conditions such as motor neurone disease, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, Parkinson’s disease and a plethora of other conditions that can make it exceedingly difficult for clinicians and doctors to accurately predict how much time a patient has until the end of their life.
Unfortunately, there is not a clearcut, correct answer on how terminal illnesses should be defined, so as my hon.
Friend the Member for Tewkesbury said, that should be left to the professionals.
In recognition of that, the 2022 Act was preceded by an evaluation in which the majority of clinicians who responded said that a 12-month definition was preferable, as it would bring the special rules for benefits into line with NHS practice and NHS initiatives, such as the gold standards framework.