It is a step in the right direction, and we fully support its aims.
It gives me great pleasure to confirm that the Government give their full support to this private Member’s Bill.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Tewkesbury (Mr Robertson)  for bringing forward what he said was a small and limited piece of legislation, but we have heard over the past hour and a bit how important these small changes will be to those affected.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for North East Bedfordshire (Richard Fuller) , my right hon.
Friends the Members for East Yorkshire (Sir Greg Knight) and for Ludlow (Philip Dunne), and my hon.
Friends the Members for Stoke-on-Trent Central (Jo Gideon), for Shipley (Philip Davies) and for Aylesbury (Rob Butler) for their contributions.
My hon.
Friend the Member for Shipley explained why the alignment is ultimately a good idea.
As we have heard, a life-limiting illness can cause unimaginable suffering for the patient and their loved ones—and that is just at diagnosis, yet alone across the trajectory of the disease.
Many people have said that they feel as though they have been hit by an emotional tsunami, and we should do anything we can to help and support those nearing the end of life.
My hon.
Friend the Member for Stoke-on-Trent Central poignantly outlined some of the challenges that people can face at this stage in their life.
Many charities have been mentioned, but I pay particular tribute to Marie Curie, which often provides nurses who sit with people as they near the end of life.
It is an incredible service for our constituents, and ensures that people do not die alone.
Its work is incredibly important—its motor neurone disease campaign has been mentioned—but we must also thank people in the hospice sector and more broadly across the NHS, particularly those who work in end-of-life and palliative care.
We have heard much about the Social Security (Special Rules for End of Life) Act 2022, which changed the special rules process to allow simple and fast access to financial support through the benefit system.
The changes made in the Act covered the disability living allowance, the personal independence payment and the attendance allowance, and ensured that people at this most difficult of times could receive their support more quickly and easily.
The special rules were then extended to universal credit and employment and support allowance through secondary legislation that came into force on  4 April 2022 .
Under those rules, claims are fast-tracked and a medical assessment is not required.
No waiting period is applied, and in the majority of cases the highest level of benefit is awarded.
Since 1990, eligibility under the special rules had been limited to those who had been diagnosed with a condition that meant that they were unlikely to live for more than six months.
The changes that the Government made in 2022 meant that people receiving certain social security benefits who were thought to be in the final year of their life were shown additional compassion and were able to receive that vital support six months earlier.
When the 2022 regulations came into force, they were welcomed by key end-of-life charities such as the Motor Neurone Disease Association, whose chief executive said at the time:
“I welcome the announcement that changes to the Special Rules will come into force next month.
This change will enable more people living with complex and unpredictable terminal illness like motor neurone disease to access the support they need swiftly and sensitively.
This is an important first step and we hope that this positive change can be enacted for other applicable benefits as soon as possible.”
Marie Curie also welcomed the changes, saying that they would
“make it easier for terminally ill people to access support quickly”,
and that
“the scrapping of the six-month rule for fast track access to benefits is a significant step forward.”