The financial assistance scheme can start to make pension payments, but not pay a lump sum, to someone at any age with a terminal illness.
The issue is the definition of a terminal illness.
The Pension Protection Fund and the financial assistance scheme use the same legal definition of terminal illness, which is that a person is terminally ill
“at any time if at that time the person suffers from a progressive disease and the person’s death in consequence of that disease can reasonably be expected within 6 months.”
I commend my hon.
Friend on bringing forward this Bill, and I hope that he will not mind that at times I will ask some questions about it; I may also make some comments later.
He was talking about the assessment of what is a terminal illness.
Can he spend a bit more time on who is making that decision, and what the range of illnesses is?
Are the illnesses set down by the NHS?
Is there a limited list of those illnesses?
Who assesses whether a person is within the bounds of what would be called a terminal illness for the purposes of this Bill?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his intervention.
As I understand it, the assessment is made by a health professional.
What illnesses he or she is entitled to take into account goes beyond the scope of this Bill, and I do not think that I can list those illnesses.
The Bill is about the length of time someone is expected to live.
If he will allow me, I will leave my explanation there.
On that point, is there provision for a second opinion to be obtained in cases where there is doubt?
If my hon.
Friend cannot answer that today, will he write to me?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for that intervention.
I am not aware of the process that someone would have to go through when being assessed.
The assessment of the time that someone has to live, which is a technical legal point, is particularly concerning, but I am certainly happy to look into that.
The definition of “terminal illness” is a disease that can reasonably be expected to bring an end to somebody’s life within six months.
The Department for Work and Pensions used that definition for calculating benefits, but in the Social Security (Special Rules for End of Life) Act 2022, that six months was extended to 12 months.
It therefore seems logical to change the definition of “terminally ill” applied by the Pension Protection Fund and the financial assistance scheme, so that it is consistent with the definition that is applied when considering social security payments.
The Bill seeks to make that extension from six to 12 months.
It is hard to know how many people would benefit from this legislation.
I suppose, paradoxically, we do not want people to benefit from it, because that would mean that the sponsors of their pension fund had become insolvent, which we do not want to happen.
However, the Bill will help terminally ill people where that is the case.
While the Bill’s scope is technically limited to the Pension Protection Fund and the financial assistance scheme, I hope that my bringing it forward will encourage any workplace pension scheme that does not have provision for members with a terminal illness who have a life expectancy of 12 months or less to consider putting that in place.
Many private pension schemes can already make what are called serious ill health payments under tax law to a member who has up to a year to live.
That would be a change well worth making.
My hon.
Friend has made another interesting point.