However, while we of course welcome that improvement, there is still further to go to get to those pre-pandemic levels and better, and there are still parts of the country where families do not have access to the right support, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Aylesbury (Rob Butler)  rightly identified.
It is important to legislate to end the postcode lottery so that any family can get the support they need, and doing so will give parents increased clarity and level up standards across schools and local authorities.
That is also an important part of this Government’s emphasis on a “support first” approach, meaning that schools and local authorities work together to break down the barriers that can stop a pupil attending.
To support schools and local authorities in meeting those expectations, the Government already have a comprehensive attendance strategy, and this aspect of it is only one part of a much wider whole.
We have deployed attendance advisers to support local authorities and a number of trusts.
We have created a new data tool, with 88% of state-funded schools signed up.
At the system leadership level, we have convened the attendance action alliance to work across sectors to remove barriers to attendance and reduce absence.
We have launched 32 attendance hubs, to reach more than 1 million pupils.
And we have expanded our attendance mentor pilot, as  my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stoke-on-Trent Central (Jo Gideon)  rightly mentioned, to reach 15 priority education investment areas.
Of course, much wider work is in place as well.
More children are now eligible for free school meals as a result of the protections put in place on universal credit transition; £30 million has been spent on breakfast clubs and it is targeted at where it is most needed—where it can have the most effect.
I say to the hon.
Member for Newcastle upon Tyne North that that does include secondary schools as well as primary schools.
We also have in place the holiday activities and food programme.
We are increasing the pupil premium in 2024-25 to £2.9 billion.
Of course attendance is one of the great factors and important drivers in narrowing the gap between better-off and more disadvantaged pupils.
We are expanding the Supporting Families programme over this spending review period, and addressing attendance at school where there is a problem is a fundamental part of that programme.
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Ludlow (Philip Dunne)  mentioned the lasting effect, sadly, of the pandemic and the importance of socialisation, and he is absolutely right; we often think of the early years and the effect on the youngest children, but this is actually true throughout a child’s or young person’s development.
He particularly mentioned the year 6 to year 7 transition point, which we know is pivotal in so many ways, and a lot of schools are doing some very good work there.
My right hon.
Friend specifically asked about mental health and the possibility of an absence code.
I understand his motivation and that of others in raising that point.
Let me just say that a practicality question is involved.
At the moment someone is taking the register, it is not always practical for them to be able to say that something is one particular type of health issue or another, and there is the risk that we would have inaccurate reporting and a misunderstanding of trends as a result.
He also mentioned the wider work on mental health.
He will know that we are putting forward a grant for every state school to be able to train a senior mental health lead.
In addition, the really important wider work on mental health support teams, supporting clusters of schools, primary as well as secondary, continues to grow.
My hon.
Friend the Member for Stoke-on-Trent Central mentioned not only the mentors programme, but the importance of extra-curricular activity and pastoral care.