An added benefit of the 12-month approach was that it would also bring greater consistency with the definition of “end of life” used by the NHS and right across Government.
The overwhelming evidence of medical advances in the past 30 years, since the special rules were first implemented in 1990, demonstrates that the law in its current state is no longer fit for purpose.
In general, public health has changed dramatically, both with the pandemic, and with the advances in pain relief and other trial drugs that now make living with a terminal illness for longer more likely.
The leaps and bounds made in both the care for terminal patients, and the identification and diagnosis of these patients, have progressed extensively.
All forms of palliative care have progressed, from how people nearing the end of their life are treated and cared for, and how their conditions are managed, to how clinicians define people nearing the end of their life.
That is why the questions from my hon.
Friend  the Member for North East Bedfordshire (Richard Fuller)  are so important: it is because of these huge changes that have taken place.
New approaches in care have been developed using the Gold Standards Framework and the Daffodil standards.
The “Ambitions for Palliative and End of Life care: a national framework for local action 2021-2026” NHS guidance has also led the way in reforming caring for people nearing the end of their life.
The Gold Standards Framework is a registered charity and has been the UK’s leading training provider for generalist frontline staff in caring for people in the last years of life for more than 25 years.
Its aim is to enable a gold standard of care for everyone with any condition, in any setting, given by any care provider, at any time in a person’s last years of life.
That is focusing on the medical side of things, and this Bill hopes to provide the equivalent standard in terms of pensions.
Both frameworks have been integral to the improvement in palliative care and the greater life expectancy of terminally ill patients, because with better care and treatments, the longer people will live, and hence the need for the amendment proposed by the Bill.
One of the largest issues relating to the Bill is how clinicians define who should be eligible for the special rules.
The DWP survey showed a consensus across all groups that the current definition is not fit for purpose, for several reasons.
Some patients who have fluctuating conditions or uncertain life expectancy found it difficult to access the special rules, as their life expectancy was indeterminable.
Many conditions progress rapidly and then plateau, and some conditions do that regularly.
Two groups of patients who struggle with that are motor neurone disease sufferers and cancer patients.
In preparing for today’s debate, I contacted the Motor Neurone Disease Association to ask how it feels about the change and how it will affect people diagnosed with MND.
I am sure everyone in the House is familiar with the “Scrap 6 Months” campaign, led jointly by the MNDA and Marie Curie, which my hon.
Friend  the   Member for Tewkesbury (Mr Robertson)  mentioned and which is supported by thousands of campaigners across the country.
They told me:
“This Bill will ensure that a greater proportion of people living with MND will be”—
able to receive—
“terminal illness payments from the Pension Protection Fund and Financial Assistance Scheme...
This is important given the context of the financial impact of living with MND, especially as symptoms of the condition increase”.
So, on that basis, they very much support the Bill.
Macmillan Cancer Support plays a large part in end-of-life care and has its national call centre based in my constituency in Shipley.