The then Work and Pensions Minister said that this would be
“using the same rules to define ‘terminally ill’ as those that are used in the financial assistance scheme and in DWP benefits.
”—[Official Report, House of Lords,  14 July 2008 ; Vol.
703, c. 1060.]
Historically, people eligible under the special rules have not had to wait as long as others to start getting benefit payments, as no waiting period is applied.
They are not required to go through medical assessments or face-to-face appointments, and in most cases they have qualified for higher rates of financial help.
The form supporting a special rules claim is completed by a clinician and is called an SR1.
To access the fast-track route, people have to have been assessed by their healthcare professional as having six months or less to live.
This has become known as the six-month rule.
My hon.
Friend the Member for Tewkesbury made the point about it being a healthcare professional who makes the assessment.
The Pensions Act 2004 established the Pension Protection Fund, which provides compensation to members of eligible defined-benefit pension schemes in cases where the sponsoring employer becomes insolvent on or after  6 April 2005  and the scheme lacks sufficient assets to fulfil its pension liabilities up to the level of compensation offered by the Pension Protection Fund.
The financial assistance scheme initially covered schemes that wound up between  1 January 1997  and  5 April 2005 .
Since its inception, it has undergone reviews and expansions in both coverage and the level of assistance provided.
The scheme offers payments to members of qualifying schemes who are unable to fully secure their pension liabilities.
Currently, the Pension Protection Fund has the authority to issue a one-time lump sum payment to individuals who are terminally ill and have not yet received their protection fund compensation.
Similarly, the financial assistance scheme allows for the early disbursement of financial assistance in cases of terminal illness.
Both the PPF legislation and the FAS regulations employ the same definition of terminal illness.
It is currently defined in pensions legislation as if
“the person’s death in consequence of that disease can reasonably be expected within 6 months”.
That means that both the PPF and the FAS currently make payments when medical evidence shows that a member has a life expectancy of up to six months.
This eligibility criterion was set in line with the social security special rules for end of life provisions for certain benefits, originally introduced in 1990.
The eligibility rules were extended to 12 months by the Social Security (Special Rules for End of Life) Act 2022, which we all supported.
The Bill seeks simply to restore the original policy intent that there should be an alignment between the Pension Protection Fund and the financial assistance scheme.
For more than 30 years, the special rules have ensured that at this most difficult time people have had the financial support to which they are entitled, and that they get it quickly and easily.
I am listening to my hon.
Friend’s speech with great interest.
He is providing a lot of detail, so I hope he will not mind my asking some specific questions.
He will be aware that the Pension Protection Fund does not necessarily pay up 100% of what people would have got had their pension fund not become insolvent—and often, insolvency occurs through no action of the employees themselves, but is about how the directors of the companies made contributions.
He will also be aware that shortfalls in the Pension Protection Fund are covered by a levy that is charged on other pension funds.
I am almost certain that the effect of the changes—which, as my hon.
Friend has rightly said, are supported generally throughout the House—will be significant, but has he made an assessment of the cost changes?