He will also be aware that shortfalls in the Pension Protection Fund are covered by a levy that is charged on other pension funds.
I am almost certain that the effect of the changes—which, as my hon.
Friend has rightly said, are supported generally throughout the House—will be significant, but has he made an assessment of the cost changes?
Has he had any thoughts about what the implications might be for how the Pension Protection Fund might have to change its rules and/or what it might mean for the levy charged on other pension funds?
My hon.
Friend raises typically astute points that need to be considered.
The short answer is yes, I have.
If he will bear with me, I will come to that, because I have sought professional advice on the implications for those funds.
I promise my hon.
Friend that I will come to that; if he feels that I have not done so sufficiently, he can feel free to have another bash, so to speak.
Since the special rules were introduced, there have been significant advances in how the NHS treats and cares for people nearing the end of their lives, meaning that many terminally ill people now live for longer with their illness.
Given the advances, the then Secretary of State for Work and Pensions announced in July 2019 that the DWP would undertake an in-depth evaluation of how the UK benefit system supports those nearing the end of their lives.
As part of that consultation, the Department sought feedback from the terminally ill, those who support them and clinicians.
Much of the reasoning and findings from that report are directly applicable to the Bill.
The purpose of the evaluation was to consider the policy and implementation of the special rules relating to people defined as “terminally ill”.
It aimed to take a holistic view of the support provided, and took into account direct contributions from people nearing the end of their life, who shared their first-hand experiences of accessing support via the special rules, as well as from charities and organisations supporting them.
As well as receiving written evidence, the evaluation team held engagement sessions, including an event for people living with or affected by motor neurone disease; conducted telephone interviews with people nearing the end of their life; and met charities that provide support for people nearing the end of their life.
The study also took into account the views of healthcare professionals who work with and support people approaching the end of their life, through national expert palliative and end-of-life care clinical groups; and nearly 1,000 clinicians from a range of professions, in England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, also had a chance to respond through a survey.
Their views should not be underestimated, as they play a large part in respect of access to financial benefits under the special rules, which is the bit I want to look at in a little more detail.
The Department’s findings agreed with the purpose of the Bill, showing that there was a consensus across all groups that the Government should extend the current six-month rule and support for the Department for Work and Pensions to adopt a 12-month end of life approach that would allow people in the final year of their life to claim under the special rules.
An added benefit of the 12-month approach was that it would also bring greater consistency with the definition of “end of life” used by the NHS and right across Government.
The overwhelming evidence of medical advances in the past 30 years, since the special rules were first implemented in 1990, demonstrates that the law in its current state is no longer fit for purpose.
In general, public health has changed dramatically, both with the pandemic, and with the advances in pain relief and other trial drugs that now make living with a terminal illness for longer more likely.