That was the Department’s conclusion and I assume the same will be valid in this case too.
On the point about the report, I should also mention that the clinicians raised concerns over the term “terminally ill”, which is used in the Bill.
They say that the term is being used less and less these days, and patients are now more commonly referred to using terms such as “end of life.”
That is a change within the field of palliative care, and one that maybe could be taken into account with the language in the Bill and in the rules that the Government use.
What actually happens when someone tries to submit a special rules claim?
Is that something the Bill could make easier too?
People nearing the end of their lives, or those who support them, provide the DWP with medical evidence that provides details of their clinical condition, treatment and response to treatment.
That is most commonly done by a clinician completing an SR1 form.
That form can be completed by GPs, by hospital doctors, or by registered nurses working in roles such as advanced nurse practitioner, Macmillan nurse, clinical specialist nurse, or practice nurse with expertise in long-term conditions management.
That form can be submitted in either paper or electronic copy, and, in England, by NHS staff using an online tool.
As I said, some clinicians are not aware of the special rules or have limited knowledge of them.
Therefore, the clinicians who provide SR1s do not always fully understand the special rules and what needs to be included in them.
That means some patients find getting an SR1 or other medical evidence more challenging than it should be.
In the DWP’s survey of the clinicians who had completed an SR1 form, the majority believed it was of value; 73% of respondents agreed or strongly agreed with the statement that the form is
“an effective way of providing evidence to support a patient’s benefit claim under the Special Rules criteria”,
but 12% disagreed or strongly disagreed.
When asked to explain their reasons for their views, the majority said the form was perceived as easy and clear to use, but some considered that it failed to capture certain information that they felt was important, particularly where the patient meets the definition but is receiving active treatment, or where it is necessary to explain the details of a condition other than cancer.
If the Bill succeeds, as I hope it will, and the change is made from six months to 12 months, that will offer an even bigger chance to develop a more cohesive approach between the Department of Work and Pensions and clinicians, to ensure that the right people are claiming special rules.
In order to get benefits, there must be requirements for claims and ways to claim.
The Department found that more support around making a claim would improve the experience.
It also received feedback on what happens once a special rules claim is made.
There was a consensus from those who fed back into the evaluation that having access to an online portal or some information on the progress of their claim would be helpful.
I promised my hon.
Friend the Member for North East Bedfordshire that we would talk about the fiscal side of the Bill.
I contacted Tim Middleton, the director of policy and external affairs at the Pensions Management Institute, about that—I thank him for giving up his time.
Two questions must be considered about the financial repercussions of the policy.
First, how many applications for full commutation on the grounds of serious ill health are received by the Pension Protection Fund scheme  each year?
I was told that the number is in double figures—it is really not many.