The Bill aims to address the provision at the heart of the nation’s challenge.
Jo Gideon (Stoke-on-Trent Central) (Con): I support my hon.
Friend’s Bill, as she knows.
The protection of other characteristics—gender, race and religion, for example—is generally observed in employment law.
Does she agree that pervasive age discrimination is a big issue that we need to tackle, as her Bill will do in a small but important way?
Mrs Elphicke: My hon.
Friend is exactly right.
Age discrimination is absolutely pervasive in our society.
It is such a common experience that one in three people report having experienced it.
We must tackle that injustice.
The Bill repeals paragraph 14 of schedule 9 to the Equality Act 2010, which allows workplace benefits to be removed from a working person solely by reason of their coming to statutory pensionable age.
I was pleased to introduce the Bill under the ten-minute rule last year, and I am pleased to bring it back today with strong support from so many Members across the House who, like me, believe that we urgently need to tackle this issue.
People in their 50s and 60s commonly experience discrimination because of their age, and 37% of those incidents are at work, according to the Centre for Ageing Better.
One in five employers believes that age discrimination occurs in their organisation, and many argue that ageism is a key barrier for people aged 50 to 64 who want to return to or remain in their workplace.
Paragraph 14 allows active discrimination under the law, and so opens the door to other forms of indirect and unconscious bias discrimination.
That was well explored by the Women and Equalities Committee, which said that it is clear that there is
“prejudice, unconscious bias and casual ageism in the workplace”,
as well as inadequate challenge to current practices.
Stephen is a train driver with Eurotunnel.
He helped to build the tunnel before it first opened 30 years ago, and he has driven a train since the very first went through the tunnel.
When he reached the age of 66, his bosses decided to remove his workplace benefits relating to income protection and long-term sickness, and his health insurance.
That puts Stephen at a disadvantage compared with other workers.
He is doing the same job at 66 as he did at 65, but now he does not get the same  money’s worth, or the same terms and conditions in his contract of employment.
In simple terms, Stephen does not get pay and conditions equal to those of a younger worker solely by reason of his age.
That is not right.
If Stephen falls ill, he cannot get the same access to speedy private healthcare that other people in his company get, including for a workplace injury, which means that he might be out of the workplace for longer.
If—heaven forbid—he died, his wife Marsha would no longer have the compensatory insurance through death-in-service benefits that another worker’s family would be entitled to, yet Stephen is doing exactly the same job as he was before he reached retirement age.
When looking into Stephen’s case, I was shocked to discover that such age discrimination is legal.
The Equality Act 2010 is supposed to provide protection for older people against age discrimination.
Age is, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stoke-on-Trent Central (Jo Gideon)  rightly said, a protected characteristic, and it needs to be treated as such.
That exception in the Act means that Stephen and workers up and down the land face discrimination, and similar issues with terms and conditions.
We need to tackle that issue, because people are staying in the workplace longer, and because it is unfair and wrong.
It needs to be tackled in this place through a change in the law.