We should all show that much care and respect for people approaching the end of their lives.
The small change in this Bill, from a six-month to a 12-month approach, would help ensure that people get the financial help they need as quickly as possible in the most challenging of times.
It would be a significant step forward, and all of the experiences shared by individuals in the long process to get to this stage are valuable and important.
We need to ensure that more people with a terminal illness can concentrate on making the most of the limited time they have left, rather than worrying about their finances.
This must be a time spent in love and laughter, with dignity and compassion.
I sincerely hope these changes are implemented quickly to ensure that no more people already facing the most difficult time in their lives have to wait to claim the support that they so desperately need and are entitled to, so I support the Bill.
It is a pleasure to follow my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stoke-on-Trent Central (Jo Gideon) , who gave an excellent speech about why this Bill is so important and will make a material difference to many people.
To that end, I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Tewkesbury (Mr Robertson)  for bringing forward the Bill, because this is a very important issue for a number of people and the Bill sets out some important principles.
I want to come on to the important point made by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for East Yorkshire (Sir Greg Knight)  about when the Bill will come into operation, because it deserves more explanation from the Government.
For a person to find out that their illness cannot be cured must be a terrifying experience not just for the sick individual themselves, but for their friends, family and loved ones.
As a Parliament, we should be committed to alleviating the pressures facing those nearing the end of their lives.
Since the 1990s, the Department for Work and Pensions has provided access to key benefits through what are referred to as the special rules for end of life.
These are benefit rules that allow people who are nearing the end of their lives to get fast-track access to certain benefits.
The special rules were first introduced in attendance allowance in 1990, following a recommendation by the Social Security Advisory Committee.
Attendance allowance claims are subject to a six-month waiting period, and the Committee was concerned that some terminally ill people were dying before that period had lapsed.
Eligibility for the special rules was therefore limited to people diagnosed with a condition that meant they were unlikely to live for more than six months, as established in the Social Security Act 1990.
Since then, the use of special rules has been extended to disability living allowance, employment and support allowance, personal independence payments and universal credit, all with the same eligibility criteria.
The current pension legislation contains provisions that allow a patient who is deemed terminally ill to claim under special rules and get the highest rate of financial help, and faster.
Paragraph 25B(3) of schedule 7 to the  Pensions Act 2004 and paragraph 12(3) of schedule 5 to the Pensions Act 2008 both define the eligibility criteria for a terminal illness lump sum, which allows the patient to apply to exchange all their ill health benefits for a one-off lump sum payment if they are diagnosed with a terminal illness and do not expect to live longer than 12 months.
The then Work and Pensions Minister said that this would be
“using the same rules to define ‘terminally ill’ as those that are used in the financial assistance scheme and in DWP benefits.
”—[Official Report, House of Lords,  14 July 2008 ; Vol.
703, c. 1060.]