This matter therefore warrants consideration as to whether fixed-time limits are the right way to go.
The benefits of an open-ended time period clinical recommendation is that it would allow greater access to pensions under special rules for those who have an uncertain prognosis, many of whom still have difficulty accessing benefits, whether it be six months or 12 months.
The drawback of that approach is that a broader definition of terminal illness would make it difficult for clinicians to make decisions about who is eligible, which could lead to people missing out.
The aforementioned survey of clinicians’ views on this matter relating to the benefits system found that, when asked what they thought the time criteria should be under special rules, 38% of respondents preferred a 12-month model, 34% preferred a model without reference to a time limit, and only 10% supported the existing six-month model.
That goes to the heart of what my right hon.
Friend the Member for East Yorkshire was saying, which is that, whereas everyone agrees that the six-month rule should be changed, and that therefore my hon.
Friend the Member for Tewkesbury is absolutely right to bring forward the Bill, there is not much in it between whether people think it should be 12 months, or there should not be a specific time limit.
Those views should be expressed in this debate for further consideration, given the subject we are debating.
The conclusion on this point from the Department was to make a legislative move to the 12-month rule, which is a perfectly reasonable decision to make based on that survey.
That is now codified in the Social Security (Additional Payments) Act 2022, and the exact same reason has been applied in my hon.
Friend’s Bill.
Changing the six months to 12 months is clearly the most popular option, based on that evidence, and it brings it into line with the rest of the benefits system.
It would maximise the opportunity to improve awareness of the special rules and provide consistency in their application.
We should be making it easier for people nearing the end of their lives to access their pension benefits and any other financial aid they are entitled to under the special rules system.
The second argument taken into consideration for access to special rules was awareness and communication.
The DWP evaluation showed that much more could be done to improve awareness, and respondents felt that the information and guidance regarding access to special rules could be improved.
Again, we might want the Bill to say something about making people aware of the change in the rules, because it is no good having those changes if nobody is aware of them.
That is something else that needs to be considered.
Of course, charities are vital in helping people to make a special rules claim, as people are often unaware that there is financial assistance and support available from the Department for Work and Pensions for people nearing the end of their lives.
However, clinicians can also play their part.
Apparently, as written in a DWP report, some are not aware of special rules or have limited knowledge of them.
When the Department aligned benefits with the 12-month end of life approach, it expected to be able to improve awareness among clinicians by taking advantage of training and educational resources and that, through those resources, the language should also be simplified.
That was the Department’s conclusion and I assume the same will be valid in this case too.
On the point about the report, I should also mention that the clinicians raised concerns over the term “terminally ill”, which is used in the Bill.
They say that the term is being used less and less these days, and patients are now more commonly referred to using terms such as “end of life.”