However, something has gone profoundly wrong in the way the law has been used for the past 40 years, as the Supreme Court recognised in the 2016 landmark case of Ameen Jogee.
My hon.
Friend is making a powerful speech.
Research including the 2022 report from the Centre for Crime and Justice Studies has found that following the landmark 2016 Supreme Court judgment, which had been expected to lead to a reduction in these types of prosecutions and convictions, not only has there been no discernible effect, but the number of black people convicted of murder has actually risen.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that that is one of the reasons the Bill is needed?
My hon.
Friend makes a valid point on the consequences of the landmark case of Ameen Jogee, whose mum is in the Gallery today.
People are being given mandatory life sentences for murders that they did not commit.
Thousands have been locked up for life because they have been deemed, in effect, guilty by association.
Since that ruling very little has changed, with only one successful appeal, as is shown in the research by the Centre for Crime and Justice Studies that my hon.
Friend referred to.
I compliment my hon.
Friend on bringing forward this private Member’s Bill.
Through her good offices, I have had the opportunity to meet some of the families involved.
To describe some of the cases as egregious injustices is no understatement.
One of the appalling things I have found is the inconsistent way in which joint enterprise guilt by association has  been applied.
There are cases where one might think it would have been applied, such as in the murder of Jay Abatan in 1999.
I would like to highlight the Justice for Jay Abatan campaign, which is still fighting for justice 25 years on.
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that point and particularly for raising the Justice for Jay Abatan campaign, which is very similar to the Stephen Lawrence campaign.
The Centre for Crime and Justice Studies suggests that the 2016 judgment had little to no effect on the number of joint enterprise charges or convictions.
Indeed, since 2016 there has been a new legal problem, whereby juries are deliberately not directed to consider the contribution that a person made to a crime, as in the case of Faisal Fiaz, who was in a parked car that was streets away from where the murder for which he was convicted occurred.
Only Parliament can fix this.
A charge of joint enterprise too often leads to an assumption of guilt in the courtroom, with the defendant having to prove their innocence, turning our justice system on its head.
This is a failure of our justice system, which is supposedly the best in the world, and an affront to the taxpayer, who is left footing the bill for sloppy sentencing.
To quote Jimmy McGovern’s “Common”,
“joint enterprise might allow it, natural justice does not.”
If passed, my Bill will fix this wrong turn and help to return the law to its original intention.