In addition, the really important wider work on mental health support teams, supporting clusters of schools, primary as well as secondary, continues to grow.
My hon.
Friend the Member for Stoke-on-Trent Central mentioned not only the mentors programme, but the importance of extra-curricular activity and pastoral care.
That is really important and we need always to be saying that this is about not only learning and attainment, but everything else that comes with school.
Of course, I join my hon.
Friend the Member for Aylesbury in congratulating Aylesbury High School.
He was right also to ask about costs for local authorities and for us not to overburden schools.
In advance of issuing our existing guidance on attendance, we carried out the comprehensive new burdens assessment, which found that the expectations could be implemented by local authorities without additional funding if they had the average number of staff working on attendance.
We are confident that that assessment remains accurate, based on a growing body of evidence since that assessment was published.
The evidence shows that where local authorities are delivering the guidance, staffing levels have remained within those predicted levels.
But my hon.
Friend the Member for Aylesbury was also right to talk about ensuring that we do not overburden schools themselves.
I join him in paying tribute to school leaders, schoolteachers and wider staff for the extraordinary work that we have heard is going on and what they are doing to get children into school.
I absolutely agree with him that we need to ensure that we have a proportionate approach that supports the whole system—the schools, local authorities and so on—and works with people in our common endeavour to maximise the benefit that children get from their education.
This Bill, if passed, will also update our existing guidance in advance of the new school year to reflect the latest best practice and feedback that we have gathered from the sector, and to make it as easy as possible for schools and local authorities to understand the actions they need to take.
In closing, I reiterate my thanks and appreciation to my right hon.
Friend the Member for Chelmsford for bringing this important Bill before the House today.
Being in school has never been more valuable, with standards continuing to rise, and this Bill will help to ensure that every young person and their family, whatever their background and wherever they are in the country, can receive the support they need to do just that.
I am sure we will hear more from her—and I look forward to that—as the Bill progresses through the House.
I thank her again, and I urge hon.
Members across the House to support the Bill.
Motion made, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
Hon.
Members: Object.
Bill to be read a Second time on  Friday 1 March .
I beg to move, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
In this place, our nation’s Parliament, change comes in many forms.
Sometimes it is the clamour of the picket line, the lobby group or Members’ own interests.
Sometimes it comes in the shape of an MP’s constituency surgery and the quiet working man; a man who knows what is right and wrong, who seizes injustice and internal fury and propels it to this place to be remedied.
He fights not for himself—he knows the barriers that he faces—but for every man, woman and every one of us, as we face the cruel certainty of age, and age discrimination in the workplace.
The man is Stephen Horne.
I am proud that he is my constituent, and I am proud today to speak to Stephen’s Bill.
stand with him on tackling the endemic age discrimination in our society.
The Bill aims to address the provision at the heart of the nation’s challenge.
Jo Gideon (Stoke-on-Trent Central) (Con): I support my hon.
Friend’s Bill, as she knows.