I thank the many other people who have supported this campaign and helped to raise awareness of and support for our demands.
My deepest gratitude goes to Jimmy McGovern, the indomitable screenwriter from my home city of Liverpool, Colin McKeown, the talented Northern Irish film maker, their teams and whole cast of the film “Common”, some of whom are in the Gallery.
That film, brought to our screens a decade ago, accurately depicts the injustice of joint enterprise.
Massive thanks to LA Productions for so generously producing a half-hour condensed version for us to show at our event in Parliament this week.
I urge those who have not seen “Common” to watch it—it is more powerful than “Mr Bates vs The Post Office”, and I understand that it will be available shortly.
I pay tribute to the work of Becky Clarke and Patrick Williams at Manchester Metropolitan University, who went above and beyond to produce research on the costs of joint enterprise and have reminded us of the importance of not losing sight of its devastating social cost.
Their guidance and expertise throughout this process have been invaluable.
I thank Felicity Gerry KC, Professor Matthew Dyson and Nisha Waller from the University of Oxford, who as part of a wider working group organised by the Centre for Crime and Justice Studies drew up the simple, common-sense wording of the Bill.
I also thank them for their legal support during the campaign.
Their commitment to righting this wrong turn in the law has helped to bring the campaign as far as it can possibly go through the courts.
Now, together, we have brought it to Parliament.
I hope that today will be another step towards righting this massive wrong.
I thank the many hon.
Members who have taken up this campaign and helped us to get where we are today, notably my hon.
Friend  the Member for Huddersfield (Mr Sheerman)  and  the right hon.
Member for Sutton Coldfield (Mr Mitchell) .
I give special thanks to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bootle (Peter Dowd)  for his assistance by tabling an amendment to the Criminal Justice Bill just this week that mirrors the Bill we are discussing today.
When I was informed that I had been successful in the private Member’s Bill ballot, I was a bit like a frightened bunny rabbit in the headlights, but with the help and  guidance of  the hon.
Member for Castle Point (Rebecca Harris) , I feel confident that I made the right choice by picking joint enterprise as the subject of my private Member’s Bill.
I also thank the Under-Secretary of State for Justice,  the hon.
Member for Newbury (Laura Farris)  for her constructive dialogue in the run-up to this debate.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on her excellent Bill.
The work by all the people she has mentioned, including Joint Enterprise Not Guilty by Association, on the Bill has been so important.
The Supreme Court has said that joint enterprise has been wrongly interpreted by criminal trial judges for the past 30 years.
Does she agree that that is terrible?
I do, and I will come to that point later in my speech.
I thank the cross-party sponsors of my Bill, notably  the hon.
Member for Bromley and Chislehurst (Sir Robert Neill) , the esteemed Chair of the Justice Committee.
His support throughout this process has been invaluable and has demonstrated clearly the potential of the Bill to create cross-party consensus.
My hon.
Friend is making a powerful speech.
She mentioned  the hon.
Member for Bromley and Chislehurst (Sir Robert Neill) .
His support shows the cross-party support for looking at how a majority of our young people are wrongly criminalised and locked behind bars, and their lives thrown away.
Does she agree that this Bill is important, and that we should take the criminalisation of young people away from party politics?
I totally agree with my hon.