If they are not needed and have just been shoved in for a bit of convenience in case the powers are needed at a later date, perhaps the House might want to say, “Well, we don’t think you should have those powers.
If you want to do something different, you should come back at a later date and make that case.”
I look forward to hearing the Minister’s response on that.
Those are perhaps things that we could come back to in the Bill’s remaining stages, but in the meantime, I certainly support the thrust of what my hon.
Friend the Member for Tewkesbury is doing.
He should be commended for focusing on something that is important to many people and will make a massive difference to their lives, and he will be thanked by many in my constituency and beyond.
On that basis, I support the Bill’s Second Reading.
It is a pleasure to follow my hon.
Friend  the Member for Shipley (Philip Davies) .
I must warn the House that I do not have his great detailed knowledge of this subject, so I hope right hon.
and hon.
Members will forgive my comparative brevity as a result.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend  the Member for Tewkesbury (Mr Robertson)  on tabling what is an excellent piece of legislation.
Being diagnosed with a terminal illness elicits a whole spectrum of emotions for the individual, their family and their friends: initial shock, perhaps denial, then a struggle as they cope with the harsh reality of their prognosis and the plethora of emotional responses that it entirely unsurprisingly generates.
On top of that, many have to grapple with getting their affairs in order, adding stress and anxiety, to ensure they can support themselves in their final days and months while also perhaps thinking ahead to provide for those they leave behind.
We know from charities and campaigners that financial concerns loom large in the minds of those entering the final stages of their lives, precisely at the time when they understandably want to be focusing on other things.
As such, I am pleased that this Conservative Government have taken action to help those who are terminally ill by extending the definition of terminal illness from six months to 12 months.
As has been said, the Social Security (Special Rules for End of Life) Act 2022 ensures that people can claim financial support in the form of personal independence payments, disability living allowance, employment support allowance and universal credit.
That is absolutely right, so I am pleased that my hon.
Friend’s Bill is before the House today, because it will amend the rules around the Pension Protection Fund to be largely in accordance with those other measures that are already in place.
It is a simple administrative change that will allow terminally ill people to claim assistance from the Pension Protection Fund and Financial Assistance Scheme if their death can reasonably be expected within the next 12 months, rather than the current six months.
It may seem a small step, but it is a hugely significant one that will provide certainty for terminally ill people and their families at a time of real stress and anxiety.
I also concur with my hon.
Friend the Member for Tewkesbury that although the number of people affected may be small, the Bill sends an important signal to pension providers more widely.
I hope they will look at the Bill and the decision of this House today and reflect on how they might better look after people who are protected by their individual pension funds.
The Social Security (Special Rules for End of Life) Act received cross-party support; I hope the same will be true of my hon.
Friend’s Bill.
I will certainly be wholeheartedly supporting its Second Reading today.
I call the shadow Minister.
I congratulate  the hon.