Friend  the Member for Tewkesbury (Mr Robertson)  for bringing forward the Bill.
While technical in nature, it addresses a much wider issue that concerns us all.
More than 90,000 people in the UK die in poverty each year, and the figure for my region is over 8,200.
Being diagnosed with a terminal illness is shattering, whatever a person’s circumstances, but for those living in poverty the impact can be even more profound.
On the news recently, I heard a devastating story of a woman named Helen, who was dying of cancer and of cold.
She talked of how she switched off her boiler because she could not afford to pay for heating.
Her cancer affected the circulation in her hands and feet and, when the cold started to creep in, she could not hold things and was worried about falling.
Helen envisaged travelling during her retirement; instead she was stuck at home worrying about how she could afford to pay her bills in her last months.
Helen has been working with Marie Curie on its campaign to ensure that everyone who receives a terminal diagnosis is granted immediate access to their state pension.
As a society, we should be looking out for and looking after the needs of those who are suffering.
Those who are terminally ill should not be left to fight for every scrap of warmth.
Making ends meet can become impossible once someone receives a terminal diagnosis.
Their expenses go through the roof—their heating costs alone can be twice as high—often just at the point when they have to give up work because of their illness.
Covering the higher costs of heating, travelling to appointments, childcare and essential home adaptations with little or no income is leaving thousands of dying people and their families in a desperate situation.
People of working age who die are twice as likely to spend their final years of life in poverty compared to people of pension age.
Accessing their pensions early would give people back some dignity and independence.
Marie Curie estimates that most people of working age who die have paid more than 23 years of national insurance contributions.
As a civilised society, we should not put people through the burdensome and time-consuming benefits process or interviews with work coaches that are inappropriate for a person who will never return to work.
Some patients have died waiting for the welfare benefits they need, which does not seem right or fair.
Everyone has the right to the best end of life care and support.
In Stoke-on-Trent, we are lucky to have the wonderful care provided by Dougie Mac, which in September was named the best charity to work for in the UK.
Local people are hugely proud of it, so I was delighted to hear that recognition of just how special the charity is to the people it looks after, both in the hospice and in the local community, and to its staff.
It is very much a local charity, supported generously by local individuals and businesses.
Last year alone, I heard of a group who canoed an intense 60-mile journey from Fort  William to Inverness, and others who cycled the 186-mile “Game of Thrones” route.
Some held a one-day book festival in Stoke-on-Trent, and one individual ran the brutal Marathon des Sables—all to raise money for Dougie Mac.
We should all show that much care and respect for people approaching the end of their lives.
The small change in this Bill, from a six-month to a 12-month approach, would help ensure that people get the financial help they need as quickly as possible in the most challenging of times.
It would be a significant step forward, and all of the experiences shared by individuals in the long process to get to this stage are valuable and important.