That exception in the Act means that Stephen and workers up and down the land face discrimination, and similar issues with terms and conditions.
We need to tackle that issue, because people are staying in the workplace longer, and because it is unfair and wrong.
It needs to be tackled in this place through a change in the law.
I have had discussions with companies about why they do not just do the right thing, why they do not change this unfair practice, and why they do not look after all their workers better.
The answer that I have had is simple: they will not do that until we in this Parliament say that they must, because they do not want to have to pay more by offering those terms and conditions.
The bottom line is that they do not want older workers like Stephen.
That is not right, and it is not something this country can afford, either.
People are working until a much older age; that has become more acute as the Government have changed the pensionable age.
Stephen’s Bill seeks to put right the situation for every older worker in this country by changing the law on workplace benefits, so that older people are treated the same as others in any other part of the employment relationship.
We know why this matters.
There was a time when a pregnant woman had to quit her job and leave the workplace; indeed, there was a time when women were not welcome in many workplaces.
There was a time when women were not given paid maternity leave, men were not given paid paternity leave and women would not get jobs if they were of childbearing age.
We have addressed that through Parliament over decades.
Now employers find that retaining women in the workplace—indeed, having them at the very top levels in the boardroom—benefits not just mothers, but businesses.
Businesses can now retain the vital skills, knowledge and commitment of female workers, and that needs to happen in relation to older workers too.
Older workers have skills and knowledge gained over many years in the workplace.
Treating older workers fairly will encourage them to stay, and benefit the companies they work for.
I remember a time when employers used to say that a woman did not need to work, get the same bonuses as a man or be offered overtime, because men needed those  opportunities in order to feed their families.
We outlawed that because equal pay at work matters and equal opportunity at work matters, too.
That applies every bit as much whether it is a younger or older worker doing the job.
Another excuse that is given is that covering older people becomes more expensive for everyone, because the premium for the company goes up.
That is, of course, absurd.
Applying that logic, would it be okay to exclude from employment benefits people who have had a heart condition, cancer, a bad back, a disability or a chronic condition, on the basis that the insurance might go up?
Of course not.
It would not be lawful, and it should not be lawful for that to happen simply because of someone’s age.
We have said in other cases that taking away someone’s work benefits is discriminatory and wrong, and it is discriminatory and wrong to do so simply because they have got older.
That is something that none of us can influence or affect; it will happen to us all.
Even in this place and, as we have heard recently, even in Government, people’s terms and conditions and severance pay differ depending on the age at which they take their role or responsibility.
It is time for us to amend this great injustice.
Stephen knows that the challenge that he faces in changing the minds of his bosses is enormous, and there is no indication that they are prepared to do that.