Let me first warmly congratulate my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Chelmsford (Vicky Ford)  on her success in the ballot, and on using that success for this purpose.
I am delighted that she has chosen school attendance as the subject of her Bill.
It is a subject that I know is close to her heart, and one that she has championed with aplomb and with impact.
She said towards the end of her remarks that attendance is the key to a child’s future, and I agree.
We have often said that reading is the most fundamental thing in school, because if a child cannot read properly, they cannot access the curriculum and nothing else works, but attendance is even more important.
Whatever our brilliant teachers are doing in schools, if the children are not there, they cannot benefit.
I thank my hon.
Friends and the Opposition spokes-person,  the hon.
Member for Newcastle upon Tyne North (Catherine McKinnell) , for their contributions.
We all recognise the importance of regular attendance not only for children’s attainment, but for their wellbeing and development.
There is evidence that some attitudes  to absence have changed since the pandemic, with a somewhat greater propensity among some families to keep a child with a minor illness, such as a cough or a cold, at home, whereas prior to the pandemic they would have gone to school.
It is worth saying that, before covid, great progress had been made on attendance since 2010, and we are committed to getting back to those levels.
They will never be 100%, for obvious reasons—every child will be off school ill at some point, and sadly some children will need to be off for extended periods—but we need to get back to that pre-pandemic level of 95% or above.
I am pleased to confirm that the Government fully support this Bill from my right hon.
Friend the Member for Chelmsford.
We are exploring all possible avenues to make our attendance guidance statutory, including the use of existing powers.
That is important because we want every child to be able to achieve their potential, and attending school regularly is obviously crucial to that.
As my right hon.
Friend outlined, this Bill will improve the consistency of support available in all parts of England, first, by requiring schools of all types to have and to publicise a school attendance policy and, secondly, by introducing a new general duty on local authorities to seek to improve attendance and reduce absence in their areas.
The Bill will require schools and local authorities to have regard to statutory guidance.
In practice, that will see us revising and reissuing our “Working together to improve school attendance” guidance.
It is widely supported by schools, trusts and local authorities, and both the Education Committee and the Children’s Commissioner have already called for it to be made statutory.
The guidance was introduced in September 2022 and has already started to make a difference.
There were 380,000 fewer pupils persistently absent or not attending in 2022-23 than in 2021-22.
Overall absence for the autumn term just gone was 6.8%, which is down from 7.5% in autumn 2022.
To turn it the other way around, attendance in that term is up, year on year, from 92.5% to 93.2%.
However, while we of course welcome that improvement, there is still further to go to get to those pre-pandemic levels and better, and there are still parts of the country where families do not have access to the right support, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Aylesbury (Rob Butler)  rightly identified.
It is important to legislate to end the postcode lottery so that any family can get the support they need, and doing so will give parents increased clarity and level up standards across schools and local authorities.