They told me:
“This Bill will ensure that a greater proportion of people living with MND will be”—
able to receive—
“terminal illness payments from the Pension Protection Fund and Financial Assistance Scheme...
This is important given the context of the financial impact of living with MND, especially as symptoms of the condition increase”.
So, on that basis, they very much support the Bill.
Macmillan Cancer Support plays a large part in end-of-life care and has its national call centre based in my constituency in Shipley.
It told me that it was supportive of the decision to widen the criteria from six months to 12 months, ensuring that those with a terminal diagnosis have timely access to financial support when they need it most.
In some cases, the six-month rule forced clinicians and patients to have very distressing conversations about life expectancy either too early or at the wrong time for them.
There are two ways in which this issue can be tackled.
The first is the 12-month rule, which is where we are with the Bill, mirroring the end-of-life approach used by NHS England.
The second is taking out the timescale and instead using a clinical recommendation supported by guidance, which does not have an explicit timeframe attached to it—in effect, looking at the nature of somebody’s condition.
The first option is an increase in the term of life expectancy to 12 months, which is what the Bill would do.
Obviously, this approach aligns the welfare state with the work of the NHS, and so would make it easier for organisations across the UK that support people nearing the end of their lives to understand the application of the special rules, because it makes them all consistent.
Clinicians have many difficult conversations when discussing end-of-life care, and this could be added into those conversations instead of being had separately, also saving the NHS time.
However, I just want to point out that any time-bound rule could be subject to the same problems, as life expectancy can fluctuate and nothing is certain—even within a year.
There is therefore an argument for basing it on a clinical diagnosis, rather than a fixed term, which by definition is always going to be slightly arbitrary.
Will my hon.
Friend just clarify the position?
Is he saying that he would prefer the Bill to be amended, or is he happy with it as it stands?
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for his question.
I support the Bill, because it is far better than the status quo, and it sensibly evens up those situations, which is what my hon.
Friend the Member for Tewkesbury intends with the Bill—in effect, to ensure that the rules for benefits and pensions are the same and that one does not diverge from the other.
My point is that this should not be the last word on the matter, because it may not necessarily be the best outcome.
It is a sensible measure to take, but there is a bigger issue here about whether—across benefits and pensions—this is the right approach to take.
My point is that we should not be wedded to the idea that a time limit is the right way to do it.
This matter therefore warrants consideration as to whether fixed-time limits are the right way to go.
The benefits of an open-ended time period clinical recommendation is that it would allow greater access to pensions under special rules for those who have an uncertain prognosis, many of whom still have difficulty accessing benefits, whether it be six months or 12 months.
The drawback of that approach is that a broader definition of terminal illness would make it difficult for clinicians to make decisions about who is eligible, which could lead to people missing out.