Even in this place and, as we have heard recently, even in Government, people’s terms and conditions and severance pay differ depending on the age at which they take their role or responsibility.
It is time for us to amend this great injustice.
Stephen knows that the challenge that he faces in changing the minds of his bosses is enormous, and there is no indication that they are prepared to do that.
However, I know from speaking to businesses that there are things that the Government can do, beyond changing the law, to ensure that this injustice is addressed.
That could include ensuring there are compensatory payments to give equivalence, on an equal pay basis, to people who do not have access to the same pay and conditions as others.
That means making it unlawful for those offering insurance to have that kind of discriminatory condition, which we should do.
This is such an important time for our nation, as we look for everyone to contribute, and require people to work in, older life.
It is essential that we put in place the right laws, protection and framework, so that whatever people want to do in older age, they are treated fairly and equally.
That is the reason that Stephen has asked me—
The debate stood adjourned ( Standing Order No.
11(2) ).
Ordered, That the debate be resumed on  Friday 15 March .
The First Deputy Chairman of Ways and Means took the Chair as Deputy Speaker ( Standing Order No.
3 ).
I beg to move, That the House sit in private.
Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No.
163 ) and negatived.
Second Reading
I beg to move, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
This very small Bill is narrow in scope, but it will provide financial assistance and fairness to people who are terminally ill who have seen the sponsors of their pension schemes become insolvent.
It will do that by changing the definition of “terminally ill” for this purpose.
I thank the legislative team of the Department for Work and Pensions and my staff for their help preparing the Bill.
I think everyone in the House would agree that those who receive the devastating news that they have a terminal illness should receive as much financial help as possible in their final days.
The loss of their right to pension payments is a blow that they should not have to suffer, and that is what the Bill seeks to address.
By way of background, the Bill focuses on the Pension Protection Fund and the financial assistance scheme.
The Pension Protection Fund was established by the Pensions Act 2004 and pays compensation to individuals when the sponsors of defined benefit pension schemes—usually their employers—become insolvent and lack the necessary assets to pay those pensions to the level that the Pension Protection Fund would ordinarily pay.
That applies to insolvency that has taken place on or after  6 April 2005 .
The financial assistance scheme applies to individuals whose pension schemes were unable to meet their pension liabilities in full if those schemes started to wind up between  1 January 1997  and  5 April 2005 .
The Bill relates to compensation payments from those schemes made to people with terminal illness.
When meeting the liabilities of pension schemes, the Pension Protection Fund can pay a one-off lump sum to someone who is terminally ill.
The financial assistance scheme can start to make pension payments, but not pay a lump sum, to someone at any age with a terminal illness.
The issue is the definition of a terminal illness.
The Pension Protection Fund and the financial assistance scheme use the same legal definition of terminal illness, which is that a person is terminally ill
“at any time if at that time the person suffers from a progressive disease and the person’s death in consequence of that disease can reasonably be expected within 6 months.”