TRIBUTE TO JOHN GOODWIN Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor John Goodwin, Councilmember and current Mayor of the Town of Colma, upon his retirement after 35 years of serving the public. Mr. Goodwin was born in a small community near Denver, Colorado, in 1960. His love of the outdoors and passion for serving others led him to begin his career as a National Park Service law enforcement ranger. For 27 years, Mr. Goodwin worked in National Parks across the continental United States, traveling from the Rocky Mountains in Colorado, to Mount Rainier in Washington State, to the Everglades in Florida, and finally to Golden Gate National Recreation Area in the San Francisco Bay Area. Mr. Goodwin's extensive career as a National Park Service ranger is emblematic of his commitment to helping others. He put his life on the line numerous times, saving many others in the process as well as nearly losing his own from two devastating lightning strikes. Mr. Goodwin endured the physical and mental costs of the dangers of his career, including a decade-long battle with post-traumatic stress disorder. However, with the help of his family and friends, Mr. Goodwin persevered, seeking treatment at the West Coast Post Trauma Retreat and continuing his mission to help others. He later documented many of his unforgettable stories in his memoir ``Echoes of the Badge: Stories from a National Park Service Career'' where he poignantly shared the joys and tribulations of his 27 years as a ranger. In 2016, after retiring from the National Park Service, Mr. Goodwin decided to continue his career of public service by successfully running for an elected seat on Town of Colma City Council. Referred to as the ``City of Souls,'' this small community just south of San Francisco is unique in that much of its land is dominated by cemeteries--the population of the dead is speculated to outnumber the living by a ratio of one thousand to one. During his tenure as a councilmember, Mr. Goodwin embarked on numerous initiatives to cultivate the vitality of the town. He pushed for increased multi- cultural recreation events, supported public art projects, championed flag-raisings to honor the diversity of the town's residents, and offered his unwavering support for local businesses. He additionally welcomed Colma's Veteran's Village with open arms, providing 65 units