Member for Spen Valley.
I will support the right hon.
Member’s amendments if they are selected for a vote, as I do not believe that the use of Henry VIII powers is appropriate or necessary.
I want to speak against amendment 94 in the name of the hon.
Member for Spen Valley.
It appears to be innocuous, but in reality it would reverse the effect of an amendment that I had accepted in Committee.
The Bill as originally drafted would create an enormous constitutional minefield.
It seeks to amend the criminal law of England and Wales, which is a reserved matter for the UK Parliament, and simultaneously to make provision for healthcare, which is a matter devolved to the Senedd in Wales.
The Senedd debated a motion calling on the Welsh Government to support the principles of assisted dying, but it was defeated by 19 votes to 26.
The motion was non-binding, but the Bill gives the UK Parliament the power to impose on the Senedd in Wales a measure that it has expressly said it does not want.
The Bill as amended in Committee would give the Senedd the power to decide for itself when it is ready to bring the Bill into force.
Amendment 94 would reverse that provision and deprive the Senedd of the right to exercise its legitimate powers.
It is not just that the amendment would restore the constitutional loophole that the Committee had closed; it threatens to create real problems and risks for Welsh citizens if the Senedd is forced to implement the Bill before its devolved healthcare system is ready.
I urge fellow Members to have regard to the Committee’s decision and vote against amendment 94.
I will briefly speak in favour of a couple of other amendments.
I remain highly concerned at the idea of a future Secretary of State having the power to change the National Health Service Act 1946—specifically section 1, which sets out the purpose for which the NHS exists—by using regulations instead of an Act Parliament.
Once that power exists, it can be used not once, but at any time, to make fundamental changes to what our NHS is for.
I was dismayed to see a change of this magnitude made to the Bill in Committee, and I will vote for amendment 12, in the name of  the hon.
Member for Mitcham and Morden (Dame Siobhain McDonagh) , to reverse it.
Amendment 42, in the name of  the hon.
Member for Newcastle-under-Lyme (Adam Jogee) , seeks to remove the automatic commencement of this Bill after four years.
For the vast majority of Acts of Parliament, the Secretary of State decides when to bring the key provisions into force, rather than it happening automatically.
The effect of the provisions of this Bill is that even if we have a covid pandemic or the Secretary of State realises  that the adequate training has not yet been completed, it will still come into force—come what may—after four years.
That is not safe.
It is unusual and reckless, and for that reason I support amendment 42.
Amendment 13, in the name of  the hon.
Member for Glasgow West (Patricia Ferguson) , would require the appointment of the new voluntary assisted dying commissioner to be approved by the Health and Social Care Committee.
The commissioner, a role created from scratch, will be a high-profile, influential and important position.
Adding a second layer of approval would add more rigour to the appointment process, and provide transparency in the event of any problems that arise.
It is vital that Members of this House have the opportunity to scrutinise and debate that new role, which was not included in the Bill on Second Reading.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for allowing me to rise to speak to new clause 6, which proposes a special representative for ethnic minorities.
I am not white, as some Members may have noticed.