We will begin with the question that new clause 10 will be added to the Bill, which was debated on  Friday 16 May .
“(1) No person is under any duty to participate in the provision of assistance in accordance with this Act.
(2) No registered medical practitioner is under any duty to become—
(a) the coordinating doctor in relation to any person, or
(b) the independent doctor in relation to any person.
(3) No registered medical practitioner, other than the coordinating doctor or the independent doctor, is under any duty to perform any function under or in connection with this Act other than—
(a) a function relating to the giving of notifications, or
(b) a function relating to the recording of matters in a person’s medical records.
(4) No health professional or social care professional is under any duty to respond when consulted under section 11(3)(b) (requirement for assessing doctor to consult professional with relevant qualifications or experience).
(5) No registered pharmacist or registered pharmacy technician is under any duty to participate in the supply of an approved substance to a registered medical practitioner for use in accordance with section 23.
(6) No person is under any duty to—
(a) act as a witness under this Act, or
(b) act as a proxy under this Act.
(7) Nothing in this section affects—
(a) any duty relating to the giving of notifications under this Act or the recording of matters in a person’s medical records,
(b) any duty relating to a requirement to keep records or to provide information, or
(c) any duty of a professional to respond to enquiries made under section 11(2)(b) (enquiries by assessing doctor) relating to health or social care the professional is providing, or has recently provided, to a person seeking assistance under this Act.
(8) Schedule (Protection from detriment) amends the Employment Rights Act 1996 to make provision to protect employees and other workers from being subjected to any detriment for—
(a) exercising (or proposing to exercise) a right under this section not to participate in an activity or perform a function, or
(b) participating in the provision of assistance in accordance with this Act or performing any other function under this Act.
(9) In this section—
(a) a reference to a duty includes any duty, whether arising from any contract, statute or otherwise;
(b) “registered pharmacist” and “registered pharmacy technician” have the same meaning as in the Pharmacy Order 2010 (S.I. 2010/231) (see article 3 of that Order).”—(Kim Leadbeater.)
This new clause, intended to replace clause 28, expands the protection currently provided by that clause by broadening the persons to whom it applies and the functions to which it relates; and it introduces NS1 which makes provision for enforcement of the right not be subject to detriment in connection with the Bill
Question put, That the clause be added to the Bill.
Question agreed to.
New clause 10 accordingly added to the Bill.
“(1) This section applies where—
(a) after a first declaration has been witnessed by the coordinating doctor, that doctor is unable or unwilling to continue to carry out the functions of the coordinating doctor, or
(b) after a referral is made under section 9(3)(c) (including a referral to which section 12(4) applies), but before a report under section 10 has been made by virtue of that referral, the independent doctor is unable or unwilling to continue to carry out the functions of the independent doctor,
and in this section such a coordinating or independent doctor is referred to as “the outgoing doctor”.
(2) The outgoing doctor must as soon as practicable give written notice of their inability or unwillingness to continue to carry out their functions under this Act to—
(a) the person seeking assistance,
(b) the Commissioner, and
(c) if the outgoing doctor is the independent doctor, the coordinating doctor.