(3) Regulations under that section must make such provision as the Welsh Ministers consider appropriate for the purpose of ensuring that, where a relevant person indicates that they wish to communicate in Welsh, all reasonable steps are taken to secure that—
(a) communications made by a person providing a voluntary assisted dying service to the relevant person are in Welsh, and
(b) any report about the first or second assessment of the relevant person is in Welsh.
(4) Where a relevant person informs the Commissioner that they wish to communicate in Welsh, the Commissioner must take all reasonable steps to secure that—
(a) communications made by the Commissioner to the relevant person are in Welsh,
(b) each member of the panel to which the relevant person’s case is referred speaks Welsh, and
(c) communications made by that panel to the relevant person are in Welsh,
and any certificate of eligibility issued by that panel must be in Welsh.
(5) Regulations under section 7, 9, 10, 17 or 26 that specify the form of—
(a) a first or second declaration,
(b) a report about the first or second assessment of a person, or
(c) a final statement,
must make provision for the forms to be in Welsh (as well as in English).
(6) Before making regulations in pursuance of subsection (5), the Secretary of State must consult the Welsh Ministers.
(7) In this section—
“panel” and “referred” have the meaning given by paragraph 1 of Schedule 2;
“voluntary assisted dying service” has the meaning given by section 38.”
This new clause (which is intended to replace Clause 47) makes provision about the use of the Welsh language.
New clause 4—Monitoring by Chief Medical Officer—
“(1) The relevant Chief Medical Officer must—
(a) monitor the operation of the Act, including compliance with its provisions and any regulations or code of practice made under it,
(b) investigate, and report to the appropriate national authority on, any matter connected with the operation of the Act which the relevant national authority refers to the relevant Chief Medical Officer, and
(c) submit an annual report to the appropriate national authority on the operation of the Act.
(2) The relevant Chief Medical Officer’s report must include information about the occasions when—
(a) a report about the first assessment of a person does not contain a statement indicating that the coordinating doctor is satisfied as to all of the matters mentioned in section 9(2)(a) to (h),
(b) a report about the second assessment of a person does not contain a statement indicating that the independent doctor is satisfied as to all of the matters mentioned in section 10(2)(a) to (e),
(c) a panel has refused to grant a certificate of eligibility,
(d) the coordinating doctor has refused to make a statement under section 17(6).
(3) An annual report must include information about the application of the Act in relation to—
(a) persons who have protected characteristics, and
(b) any other description of persons specified in regulations made by the Secretary of State.
(4) When preparing an annual report, the relevant Chief Medical Officer must consult—
(a) The Commissioner, and
(b) such persons appearing to the relevant Chief Medical Officer to represent the interests of persons who have protected characteristics as the relevant Chief Medical Officer considers appropriate.
(5) An appropriate national authority must—
(a) publish any report received under this section,
(b) prepare and publish a response to any such report, and
(c) lay before Parliament or Senedd Cymru (as the case may be) a copy of the report and response.
(6) In this section “appropriate national authority” means the Secretary of State or the Welsh Ministers.
(7) In this section “protected characteristics” has the same meaning as in Part 2 of the Equality Act 2010 (see section 4 of that Act).
(8) In this section “relevant Chief Medical Officer” has the meaning given by section 37(5).”