That risks compromising the relationship between the co-ordinating doctor and the independent doctor.
Likewise, the existence of such providers does not allay concerns about doctor shopping, as was raised in the previous debate.
Hence amendment 15 will require private providers to be transparent and provide reports on service members, service numbers, costs and revenue.
In previous debates and in the public discourse I have found it very disconcerting that, in response to legitimate concerns, all that we have been offered—as we have seen today—are some promised, unspecified future regulations that will fix the gap—[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”]
I beg to move, That the House sit in private.
Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No.
163 ) and negatived.
Before we begin today’s proceedings,  I know that the whole House will have been horrified to hear the news of yesterday’s crash of an Air India flight from Gujarat to London.
On behalf of the House, I express our deep sorrow at this awful tragedy.
Many colleagues will have lost constituents and they will be working tirelessly to support those families who have suffered a devasting loss.
Our thoughts are with those constituents, their friends and the victims in India, the United Kingdom and around the world.
I am expecting Ministers to come to the House on Monday to make a statement and provide an update on the Air India crash, as well as about the events that have happened overnight in the middle east.
Further consideration of Bill, as amended in the Public Bill Committee.
Before we begin, I would like to say a few words about today’s proceedings.
We will begin at the point we ended on  Friday 16 May , with the decisions to be taken after debate on the first group of amendments.
I will put the necessary questions without further debate.
After that, debate on the second group of new clauses and amendments can begin.
I remind hon.
Members that the scope of that debate will be the amendments and new clauses in that group.
Nearly 60 Members have indicated that they wish to speak in the debate.
Not all hon.
Members will be called.
It is not customary to impose a time limit on speeches on a private Member’s Bill, but I hope that Member in charge of the Bill, and the speakers after her, will restrict themselves in the early part of the debate, including in taking interventions.
The Chair will keep time limits under review as the debate progresses.
If the Chair feels that people are taking advantage of the Chamber, a time limit will be imposed, but I hope we do not have to do that.
I do not expect to call the Front Benchers to speak until at least 1.15 pm.
I can also confirm that I have provisionally selected for separate decision all of the propositions in the name of Kim Leadbeater, the Member in Charge of the Bill.
I have also provisionally selected the following for separate decision on new clauses: amendment (b) to new clause 14, new clause 1, new clause 2 and new clause 16.
I will make further announcements on selection for separate  decision on amendments at an appropriate point.
We will begin with the question that new clause 10 will be added to the Bill, which was debated on  Friday 16 May .
“(1) No person is under any duty to participate in the provision of assistance in accordance with this Act.
(2) No registered medical practitioner is under any duty to become—
(a) the coordinating doctor in relation to any person, or
(b) the independent doctor in relation to any person.