(6) In this section “appropriate national authority” means the Secretary of State or the Welsh Ministers.
(7) In this section “protected characteristics” has the same meaning as in Part 2 of the Equality Act 2010 (see section 4 of that Act).
(8) In this section “relevant Chief Medical Officer” has the meaning given by section 37(5).”
This new clause would require the monitoring, investigation and reporting functions set out in the Bill to be carried out by the Chief Medical Officer instead of the Voluntary Assisted Dying Commissioner.
New clause 5—Implications for civil procedure rules and probate proceedings—
“(1) The Secretary of State must, within six months of the passing of this Act, publish a report setting out the implications of this Act on—
(a) the civil procedure rules, and
(b) probate proceedings.
(2) The report in subsection (1) must include an analysis of likely consequential changes to the civil procedure rules and probate proceedings in consequence of this Act.”
New clause 6—Board to consult communities—
“(1) The Commissioner must, within six months of being appointed under this Act, appoint a consultation board.
(2) The role of the board is to consult communities in order to report to the Commissioner on the impact of the Act on those communities.
(3) The Board must report to the Commissioner and the Secretary of State every 12 months from its appointment on its findings.
(4) The communities that the Board must consult include people from Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic communities.
(5) The Board may consult other groups in addition to those listed in subsection (4) as it considers appropriate.
(6) The Secretary of State must, within 3 months of receiving a report under subsection (3), lay that report before both Houses of Parliament.”
New clause 19—Collection of statistics—
“(1) The Voluntary Assisted Dying Commissioner must ensure that the statistics specified in Schedule (Statistics to be collected) are collected.
(2) The Commissioner must publish a yearly report setting out those statistics.
(3) The Secretary of State may, by regulation, vary the contents of Schedule (Statistics to be collected).”
Amendment 13, in clause 4, page 2, line 22, at end insert—
“(2A) A person may not be appointed under subsection (2) unless the appointment has the consent of the Health and Social Care Select Committee of the House of Commons.
(2B) In this section, references to the Health and Social Care Committee shall—
(a) if the name of that Committee is changed, be taken (subject to paragraph (b)) to be references to the Committee by its new name;
(b) if the functions of that Committee at the passing of this Act with respect to matters relating to the provision of assistance under this Act become functions of a different committee of the House of Commons, be taken to be references to the committee by whom the functions for the time being exercisable.”
Amendment 96, in clause 25, page 21, line 5, at end insert—
“(1A) A drug or other substance may only be approved under this Act if the Secretary of State is reasonably of the opinion that there is a scientific consensus that this drug (or other substance) or combination of drugs (or other substances), is effective at ending someone’s life without causing pain or other significant adverse side effects.”
This amendment ensures that drugs can only be approved if the Secretary of State is reasonably of the opinion that there is a scientific consensus that the drug is effective at ending someone’s life without causing pain or other significant adverse side effects.
Amendment 97, page 21, line 5, at end insert—
“(1A) A drug or other substance may only be approved under this Act if it has been licensed by the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency for that purpose.”
This amendment ensures that drugs can only be approved for this purpose if the MHRA has licensed those drugs for that purpose.