This removes the power to make regulations that may make any provision that could be made by an Act of Parliament (known as Henry VIII power) from this new clause.
New clause 15—Investigation of deaths etc—
“(1) In section 1 of the Coroners and Justice Act 2009 (duty to investigate certain deaths), after subsection (7) insert—
“(7A) In this Chapter a reference to an “unnatural death” does not include a death caused by the self-administration by the deceased of an approved substance, within the meaning of the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Act 2025, that was provided to the deceased in accordance with that Act.”
(2) In section 20 of that Act (medical certificate of cause of death), after subsection (4) insert—
“(4A) Regulations under subsection (1) may make, in respect of cases where assistance was provided or purportedly provided to the deceased under the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Act 2025—
(a) such provision that is similar to, or that corresponds to, provision mentioned in subsection (1) as the Secretary of State considers appropriate;
(b) such further provision as the Secretary of State considers appropriate.
(4B) Regulations under subsection (1) must provide that in cases where the cause of death appears, to the best of the knowledge and belief of the person issuing a certificate under the regulations, to be the self-administration by the deceased of an approved substance (within the meaning of the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Act 2025) that was provided to the deceased in accordance with that Act, the certificate must—
(a) state the cause of death to be “assisted death”, and
(b) contain a record of the illness or disease which caused the person to be terminally ill within the meaning of that Act.”
(3) In Schedule 1 to that Act (suspension of investigations etc), in the definition in paragraph 1(6) of “homicide offence”, after paragraph (d) insert—
“(e) an offence under section 31, 32 or 33 of the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Act 2025;”.”
This new clause provides that references in Chapter 1 of the Coroners and Justice Act 2009 (investigations into deaths) to unnatural deaths do not include deaths caused by self-administration of approved substances provided in accordance with the Bill.
It makes offences under clauses 31 to 33 “homicide offences” for the purposes of that Act.
It also amends the powers in that Act in respect of medical certificates of cause of death.
Amendment (a) to new clause 15, in subsection (1), leave out from “section” to “(medical” in subsection (2) and insert
“20 of the Coroners and Justice Act 2009”
This amendment ensures that deaths from assisted dying will still fall within the coroner’s duty to investigate deaths under section 1 of the Coroners and Justice Act 2009.
New clause 20—Guidance about operation of Act—
“(1) The Secretary of State must issue guidance relating to the operation of this Act.
(2) The guidance need not (but may) relate to matters about which the Welsh Ministers may issue guidance under subsection (4) (“Welsh devolved matters”).
(3) Before issuing guidance under subsection (1), the Secretary of State must consult—
(a) the Chief Medical Officer for England,
(b) the Chief Medical Officer for Wales,
(c) such persons with learning disabilities and other persons who have protected characteristics as the Secretary of State considers appropriate,
(d) such persons appearing to represent providers of health or care services, including providers of palliative or end of life care, as the Secretary of State considers appropriate,
(e) if any part of the guidance relates to Welsh devolved matters, the Welsh Ministers, and
(f) such other persons as the Secretary of State considers appropriate.
(4) The Welsh Ministers may issue guidance relating to the operation of this Act in Wales, but the guidance must only be about matters within devolved competence.