My amendment (a) to new clause 15 directly addresses that issue.
In England and Wales, a coroner will investigate a death when certain legal conditions are met.
This duty is primarily governed by section 1 of the Coroners and Justice Act 2009.
Judge Thomas Teague KC, who served until 2024 as the chief coroner of England and Wales, notes:
“any death arising as a consequence of the ingestion or administration of a lethal substance constitutes an unnatural death which the local coroner is under a statutory duty to investigate”.
Clearly, assisted dying meets that definition, and it is right that such deaths be afforded the best possible posthumous judicial scrutiny.
Does the hon.
Lady not feel that the provisions in the Bill already have safeguards?
Also, and most importantly, does she not feel that putting a family through a coronial process when the death is expected is unfair, unjust and completely beyond the bounds of what coroners are meant to do?
On the first point, I do not believe that the Bill is strong enough as it stands.
On the second point, we are already dealing with the fact that families are not even guaranteed knowledge of their loved one having an assisted death, so I do not think the hon.
Lady’s point is entirely to be considered.
As it stands, the Bill would disapply the duty of the coroner to investigate in the case of an assisted death that has been carried out in accordance with the Bill’s provisions.
New clause 15, specifically, would amend the Coroners and Justice Act to clarify that assisted death does not constitute “unnatural death” for the purposes of the Act.
I think it takes an extraordinary  leap of imagination not to conceive of deliberately self-administering lethal drugs as anything but an unnatural death.
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for giving way; I want to support her in what she is saying.
We are going through a process, as we consider the appalling situation of coercive control in domestic abuse cases, where a person who is a victim may not realise they have been a victim until years later.
Obviously, a person who has gone through an assisted death will have no years later.
Is the amendment not a way of making sure that we guard against the evil of coercive control?
I thank the hon.
Member for his intervention and I completely agree with him.
These are the sorts of safeguards that even the promoter of the Bill is saying should be there.
I do not think that they are in the Bill and my amendment to new clause 15 would make them much stronger.
My hon.
Friend is right in what she says.
Those of us who are opposed to the death penalty, for example, are against it because we do not believe in the infallibility of the state.
The state can get things wrong; professionals can get things wrong—and when they do, there should be a proven, clear path as to how that wrongdoing can be identified, to try to ensure that it does not occur again.
I thank my hon.
Friend.
The statistics I quoted earlier are pretty clear on the point he makes.
Let me make some progress.
The work undertaken by the coroner is not a box-ticking exercise or a bureaucratic hurdle.
In the context of assisted dying, it is an extremely powerful deterrent against abuse and malpractice.
Again, to quote Judge Thomas Teague KC, in a letter to The Times on  7 May  this year, he said that the removal of
“any realistic prospect of an effective inquest...would magnify, rather than diminish, the obvious risks of deception and undue influence”.
I thank the hon.
Member; she is making a very powerful speech.
Does she share my concern about the removal of the coroner, as stated clearly by the Royal College of Pathologists, which speaks to her amendment?
I thank the hon.