Secondly, it enables Welsh Ministers to issue guidance on devolved matters.
The Secretary of State must consult the chief medical officers in order to have the benefit of their expertise, which is also really important.
New clause 20 also adds a provision that ensures that the Secretary of State must consult people with learning disabilities and people with protected characteristics, which include disability, race, religion and belief.
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
I am going to make some progress, I am afraid.
The Secretary of State must also consult providers of health and care services, including palliative and end-of-life care.
I am really pleased that Hospice UK is supporting this amendment—it is very important that those voices are heard.
The Secretary of State can also consult anyone else they feel to be appropriate, creating a flexible and holistic approach.
Turning to devolution, this long-overdue reform would apply to England and Wales, which share a criminal justice system.
Health is a devolved matter, of course, and I have recognised from the outset that the legislation must respect devolution.
I am fully committed to observing the same conventions that the Government would if this were a Government Bill.
I have worked with UK Government officials to ensure that the right steps are taken at the right time by the right people.
I have engaged with colleagues in the Welsh Government—I met the Welsh Health Minister in Cardiff, and there have been ongoing detailed discussions between the two teams of Government officials to ensure the workability of the legislation in both jurisdictions, in line with the devolution settlement.
Amendments 92 to 95 also ensure that the devolution settlement is respected and adhered to.
I thank  the right hon.
Member for Dwyfor Meirionnydd (Liz Saville Roberts)  and  the hon.
Member for Chesham and Amersham (Sarah Green) , not only for their diligent work on the Bill Committee but for working with me on the amendments in relation to Wales, and I thank the Welsh Government for their guidance and support.
I hope that colleagues across the House can support these new clauses and amendments.
I now turn to new clause 21, which makes specific provision about the use of the Welsh language.
The conversations that happen at the end of a person’s life are extremely personal and should be handled with the utmost sensitivity.
It is very important that they are conducted in the best interests of the patient, and a big part of that is using clear communication.
In this respect, language matters, so if a patient in Wales has Welsh as their first or preferred language, all efforts should be made to ensure they can communicate with voluntary assisted dying services in Welsh.
I committed to this in Committee, and have made good on that commitment.
Turning to amendments 76 and 77, as with any Bill, it is important that the amending legislation secures overall coherence with the statute book.
As such, the clauses relating to medicines, advertising and employment protections amend, or confer power to amend, other legislation that currently extends to parts of the UK.
Of course, this does not mean the provision of assisted dying, but, for example, they extend the prohibition on advertising to the whole of the UK and apply the employment protections in the Bill to Scotland.
That is in line with the guidance I have received from legal experts, and as such I hope all colleagues can support these amendments.
If the Bill passes, I will, if necessary, work with other devolved Administrations in the same way as I have worked with the Welsh Government to ensure that devolution is respected.
That concludes the explanations of the amendments tabled in my name.