This requires the Secretary of State to forbid the use of medical devices which cause death by the administration of a gas.
Amendment (a) to new clause 13, leave out subsection (7).
This removes the power to make regulations that may make any provision that could be made by an Act of Parliament (known as Henry VIII power) from this new clause.
New clause 14—Prohibition on advertising—
“(1) The Secretary of State must by regulations make provision prohibiting—
(a) the publication, printing, distribution or designing (anywhere) of advertisements whose purpose or effect is to promote a voluntary assisted dying service;
(b) causing the publication, printing, distribution or designing of such advertisements.
(2) The regulations may contain exceptions (for example, for the provision of certain information to users or providers of services).
(3) Regulations under this section may make any provision that could be made by an Act of Parliament.
(4) But regulations under this section—
(a) may not amend this Act, and
(b) must provide that any offence created by the regulations is punishable with a fine.
(5) In this section “voluntary assisted dying service” means—
(a) any service for or in connection with the provision of assistance to a person to end their own life in accordance with this Act, or
(b) any other service provided for the purposes of any of sections 5 to 27.”
This clause imposes a duty to make regulations prohibiting advertisements to promote services relating to voluntary assisted dying under the Bill.
Amendment (b) to new clause 14, in subsection (2), leave out from “exceptions” to the end of subsection (3) and insert—
“( ) for the following—
communication made in reply to a particular request by an individual for information about a voluntary assisted dying service;
(b) communication which is—
(i) intended for health professionals or providers of voluntary assisted dying services, and
(ii) made in a manner and form unlikely to be seen by potential service users.
(3) Regulations under this section may make provision that could be made by an Act of Parliament, but may not amend this Act or the Suicide Act 1961.”
This amendment would limit the exceptions that can be created to the advertising ban set out in NC14 and also provides that regulations cannot amend the Suicide Act 1961, which includes the offence of assisting and encouraging suicide.
Amendment (a) to new clause 14, leave out subsection (3).
This removes the power to make regulations that may make any provision that could be made by an Act of Parliament (known as Henry VIII power) from this new clause.
New clause 15—Investigation of deaths etc—
“(1) In section 1 of the Coroners and Justice Act 2009 (duty to investigate certain deaths), after subsection (7) insert—
“(7A) In this Chapter a reference to an “unnatural death” does not include a death caused by the self-administration by the deceased of an approved substance, within the meaning of the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Act 2025, that was provided to the deceased in accordance with that Act.”
(2) In section 20 of that Act (medical certificate of cause of death), after subsection (4) insert—
“(4A) Regulations under subsection (1) may make, in respect of cases where assistance was provided or purportedly provided to the deceased under the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Act 2025—
(a) such provision that is similar to, or that corresponds to, provision mentioned in subsection (1) as the Secretary of State considers appropriate;
(b) such further provision as the Secretary of State considers appropriate.