We do know.
Ethnic minorities are less likely to access assisted dying in jurisdictions where it is in place.
In Oregon, 10% of those accessing assisted dying are ethnic minorities, but they make up 40% of the population.
In California, ethnic minorities make up 15% of people accessing the option, but 30% of the population.
However, that is not the point.
The point of the Bill is to give people the choice to end their life regardless of the colour of their skin.
There is no special quality about the colour of my skin that affects my access or the need for a special representative in this case, which is covered by the ECHR and by the Secretary of State.
I am quite perplexed by my hon.
Friend’s speech, but I would like to understand whether he has data related to the demographics of those jurisdictions compared with the UK.
If he does, could he present it to the House to support his argument?
I have spent a lot of time around data, but I am not sure that I understand the question.
Will the hon.
Member give way?
I will make a bit more progress.
This has been a heated debate, and hon.
Members on both sides of the House feel strongly about it.
I am grateful to Members who came before me, who made my place here possible and who have spoken so powerfully and movingly in this debate, but I believe—and the evidence shows—that the colour of my skin does not belong in discussion of the Bill.
I rise to speak to amendment (a) to new clause 15, tabled in my name, which I hope hon.
Members will support.
Although it may seem technical, it is in fact a simple amendment  with a significant impact.
It will ensure that there is genuine protection against abuse, proper detection of coercion, and effective scrutiny of how the law works in practice.
Simply put, it will ensure that deaths from assisted dying under the Bill will still fall within the coroner’s duty to investigate deaths under section 1 of the Coroners and Justice Act 2009.
I will explain why that is important.
Like many hon.
Members, I have been deeply concerned from the outset about how the Bill is drafted, its workability, and its impact on the NHS and on the lives of vulnerable people up and down the country.
To be clear, my view is that one unintended death as a result of the Bill becoming law is one too many.
I humbly ask hon.
Members who are still considering their position, or who are minded to support the Bill, to consider this point about my amendment carefully: what is an acceptable error rate?
Based on the figures in the Government’s impact assessment, which I think underestimates the impact, even a 1% error rate would see a minimum of 13 wrongful deaths in year 1, with 45 per year by year 10.
A 5% error rate would see 65 deaths in year 1 and 227 in year 10.
A 10% error rate would see 131 deaths in year 1 and 455 in year 10.
As I say, I think those are low-ball estimates, but they are nevertheless chilling.
If this law is passed, it will be exceptionally difficult to say whether there have been errors or instances of abuse; or, at the very least, any errors picked up will be but a fraction of the true picture, as tragically those who would testify to the fact will already be dead.
My amendment (a) to new clause 15 directly addresses that issue.
In England and Wales, a coroner will investigate a death when certain legal conditions are met.
This duty is primarily governed by section 1 of the Coroners and Justice Act 2009.