It is vital that Members of this House have the opportunity to scrutinise and debate that new role, which was not included in the Bill on Second Reading.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for allowing me to rise to speak to new clause 6, which proposes a special representative for ethnic minorities.
I am not white, as some Members may have noticed.
The fact that my presence in this House is unremarkable is in and of itself remarkable.
That did not happen by chance; it happened because of those who came before me.
The Mother of the House, my right hon.
Friend   the Member for Hackney North and Stoke Newington (Ms Abbott) , has spoked powerfully in this debate, and I know that my unremarkable presence here is due to her remarkable achievements.
We may not always hold the same opinions, but we have always shared the same Labour values.
She will never know how grateful we all are to her.
I may be part of the last generation of MPs who can say this to her while she is in the House: thank you.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Vauxhall and Camberwell Green (Florence Eshalomi)  has spoken powerfully in this debate, and my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Walsall and Bloxwich (Valerie Vaz)  has tabled new clause 6.
I know I stand on their shoulders too, and I do not doubt their good intentions, but this Bill has nothing to do with the colour of my skin.
New clause 6 proposes a special representative for ethnic minorities.
I disagree with the new clause, because the colour of my skin has no bearing here and no special place in this debate.
Equalities data will be reported through the Equality and Human Rights Commission, as set out in clause 51, and the Secretary of State can already consult community representatives.
For every person of every skin colour, this Bill gives those already dying a choice to end their suffering—
Order.
We need to make sure that contributions are tied to the amendments.
We are not debating the general points of the Bill—we have gone past that.
The hon.
Gentleman is making more of a Third Reading speech, which he might want to save.
It is to the point of where we are—
Order.
I will make that decision.
Please do not challenge the Chair.
I do apologise, Mr Speaker.
What I meant to say is that new clause 6 would introduce a special representative for ethnic minorities, and I am trying to explore why we do not need one.
A duty to consult is already included in clause 51.
This is a very sensitive issue.
There is data to support the fact that people from minoritised ethnic groups are less likely to trust their health professionals—the figure is 18% among the general public, but as high as 30% among those groups.
Does my hon.
Friend not think it is necessary to make sure there are additional protections for those who face additional barriers, such as people from minoritised ethnic groups?
My hon.
Friend makes a powerful point, and other hon.
Members have also spoken powerfully about the impact that the Bill could have on ethnic minorities.
Does any hon.
Member know how many ethnic minorities access assisted dying in other nations?
I will give way on this point;  the hon.
Member for Richmond Park (Sarah Olney)  raised it earlier.
The hon.
Member calls me to speak.
If we do not know, it is probably because those other nations are not collecting the data.
My position is that we should be collecting the data, which is why hon.
Members should vote for my new clause 19.
We do know.
Ethnic minorities are less likely to access assisted dying in jurisdictions where it is in place.
In Oregon, 10% of those accessing assisted dying are ethnic minorities, but they make up 40% of the population.