Did they not listen to the testimony of Dr Miro Griffiths on the experience and concerns  of disabled people—testimony that has been echoed  by Baroness Tanni Grey-Thompson and the actress  Liz Carr?
I find it inexplicable that the framing of the impact on vulnerable people should be the removal of barriers to accessing assisted dying and not, as it should be, the increased risk to their health and wellbeing that the Bill presents.
I am concerned that we are thinking about the impact on vulnerable people solely with reference to those who are suffering a terminal illness with less than six months to live.
We are not thinking about the impact on wider society of introducing a concept of lives not being worth living and how that might disproportionately affect our more vulnerable communities.
My new clause 19 and consequential new schedule 2 and amendment 88 seek to ensure that a comprehensive range of statistics are collected about those who seek and receive an assisted death, so that proper and complete monitoring of requests can be carried out.
It is imperative that we get the most detailed possible picture of who is requesting an assisted death so that any patterns of disproportionality can be properly detected and addressed.
What assurances does the Bill give to the families of people with a disability, or those with mental health issues and those who are anorexic?
I do not see any.
Does the hon.
Lady see any assurances for those who want to end their lives but suffer from those ailments?
I welcome that intervention.
I spoke extensively about the Bill’s impact on anorexic people, and I am not satisfied that those concerns have been addressed.
I am pleased to support amendment 21 tabled by my good friend, colleague and constituency neighbour, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Twickenham (Munira Wilson) , which has attracted support from across the House.
It would require the Secretary of State to report on the impact that the Act has had on the healthcare available to those with palliative and end-of-life care needs.
I am really pleased that  the hon.
Member for Spen Valley (Kim Leadbeater)  has agreed to accept the amendment.
I am also pleased to support amendments 103 and 104 in the name of my other constituency neighbour, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wimbledon (Mr Kohler) .
They seek to make all statutory instruments made under the Act subject to the affirmative procedure rather than the negative procedure.
As it stands, the Act will come into force in four years’ time with no further scrutiny by MPs, yet a whole host of issues that have been delegated to the Secretary of State or have not even been considered will need to be legislated for after Royal Assent.
As the Bill stands, the only way for Parliament to scrutinise those powers will be to call for a 90-minute debate on a motion that cannot be amended and will be voted on only if the Leader of the Opposition calls for a vote.
Making statutory instruments subject to the affirmative procedure rather than the negative procedure would mean that the Secretary of State, whoever that is, can exercise the powers delegated to them only with the   approval of Parliament.
For an issue as sensitive and profound as assisted dying, I believe that to be an appropriate level of scrutiny.
Will the hon.
Lady give way?
I am sorry, but I will make some progress.
In a similar vein, I plan to support the amendments in the name of  the right hon.
Member for Tonbridge (Tom Tugendhat) , which seek to remove all Henry VIII powers from the Bill and from the amendments introduced by the hon.
Member for Spen Valley.
I will support the right hon.
Member’s amendments if they are selected for a vote, as I do not believe that the use of Henry VIII powers is appropriate or necessary.