Object.
The Deputy Speaker interrupted the business ( Standing Order No.
11(2) ).
Bill to be further considered on  Friday 20 June .
I rise to speak in favour of new clause 15, which clarifies that an assisted death would not be classified as an unnatural death and that a full coroner’s inquest would not normally be required.
My constituent Antony Shackleton lived with motor neurone disease for six long years.
As his condition worsened, his options narrowed until there was only one choice that preserved his dignity, autonomy and peace: to travel to Dignitas in Switzerland and end his suffering on his own terms.
Louise, as his wife of 25 years, and someone who had known him since the age of 18, did what any loving partner would do: she stood by him.
She helped him on to that plane and held his hand through the most difficult decision of their lives, and now, for that act of love, she is under police investigation.
That is precisely why we need new clause 15.
If the Bill is passed, assisted dying would be a legal, strictly regulated and monitored choice made by the individual concerned.
I rise to support a number of new clauses and amendments to the Bill.
The common thread running through all of them is a need to address some of the gaps in the safeguards and oversight.
Should the Bill pass, I at least want to ensure that we improve its protections and remove some of the risks that it contains.
New clause 4 requires the chief medical officer to monitor the operation of the legislation, rather than depending solely on the assisted dying commissioner.
Alongside the requirement for a High Court judge, oversight by the CMO was removed during the Committee stage.
This means that, essentially, the assisted dying commissioner would mark their own homework.
New clause 4 returns the safeguard of independent oversight, which is sensible given the significant concerns expressed by many experts and organisations, which were often neutral on the principle, but concerned about the Bill.
They include the Royal College of Psychiatrists, the Association for Palliative Medicine, the British Geriatrics Society, the Royal College of Physicians and many experts such as Professor James Monckton Smith, a leading criminologist, Baroness Finlay, Parliament’s leading expert on palliative care, Sir David Haslam, former head of the British Medical Association and of the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence—my previous employer—and many more.
All have expressed concerns, even when neutral on the principle of the adequacy of the Bill.
Hence new clause 4 requires an annual report to include
“information about the application of the Act in relation to—
persons who have protected characteristics, and
any other description of persons specified in regulations made by the Secretary of State.”
I fervently hope that that includes domestic violence victims.
Amendment 13 very sensibly adds the requirement that the commissioner appointment is not the sole remit of the Prime Minister at the time, by requiring the consent of the Health and Social Care Committee.
This provides a safeguard against ideological and politically motivated appointments, and I would be very critical of anyone who would want to prevent that.
Amendment 15 addresses the significant concerns about the involvement of private—for profit—providers of assisted dying.
There are concerns that, when there is a commercial relationship between providers, there will be a gaming of the system.
That risks compromising the relationship between the co-ordinating doctor and the independent doctor.
Likewise, the existence of such providers does not allay concerns about doctor shopping, as was raised in the previous debate.
Hence amendment 15 will require private providers to be transparent and provide reports on service members, service numbers, costs and revenue.