(3) The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision about the content or form of the report.
(4) The coordinating doctor must give a copy of the report to—
(a) the person,
(b) if the coordinating doctor is not a practitioner with the person’s GP’s practice, a registered medical practitioner with that practice, and
(c) the Commissioner.
”—(Kim Leadbeater.)
This new clause (intended to be inserted after Clause 27) requires the coordinating doctor to produce a report where assistance is not provided because they are not satisfied of all of the matters mentioned in Clause 23(5).
Brought up, read the First and Second time, and added to the Bill.
“(1) The Secretary of State must by regulations make provision about approved substances.
(2) The regulations must make provision about—
(a) the supply or offer for supply, or administration, of approved substances;
(b) the transportation, storage, handling and disposal of approved substances;
(c) the keeping of records of matters relating to approved substances.
(3) The regulations may in particular make provision—
(a) about the manufacture, importation, preparation or assembly of approved substances;
(b) for or in connection with the monitoring of matters relating to approved substances;
(c) requiring persons specified in the regulations, in specified cases, to give information to the Secretary of State.
(4) The regulations may in particular—
(a) make provision relating to approved substances that is similar to, or that corresponds to, any provision of the Human Medicines Regulations 2012 (S.I. 2012/1916);
(b) make provision applying any provision of those Regulations, with or without modifications, in relation to approved substances.
(The regulations may also amend the Human Medicines Regulations 2012.)
(5) The Secretary of State may by regulations make provision about devices made for use or used for, or in connection with, the self-administration of approved substances.
(6) Regulations under this section must make provision about enforcement (which must include, but need not be limited to, provision imposing civil penalties).
(7) Regulations under this section may make any provision that could be made by an Act of Parliament; but they may not amend this Act.
(8) In this section “device” includes information in electronic form for use in connection with a device.
”—(Kim Leadbeater.)
This new clause (which is intended to replace clause 34) imposes a duty to make regulations about approved substances, and a power to make regulations about devices intended for use, or used, in connection with the self-administration of approved substances.
Brought up, and read the First time.
I beg to move, That the clause be read a Second time.
With this it will be convenient to discuss the following:
Amendment (b) to new clause 13, at end insert—
“(5A) The Secretary of State may only approve a device under subsection (5) if the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency has approved the device for that purpose.
(5B) Before making any regulations under this section, the Secretary of State must consult the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency.”
This amendment requires that the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency be consulted before making regulations and that medical devices can only be approved for self-administration if they have been approved by the MHRA.
Amendment (c) to new clause 13, at end insert—
“(5A) Regulations under subsection (5) must forbid the use of any device used for the self-administration of a gas.”
This requires the Secretary of State to forbid the use of medical devices which cause death by the administration of a gas.
Amendment (a) to new clause 13, leave out subsection (7).
This removes the power to make regulations that may make any provision that could be made by an Act of Parliament (known as Henry VIII power) from this new clause.