That is why I am supporting amendment 21:   to ensure that in this place we channel our energies into supporting all options available to terminally ill people—something that I have always committed to do.
It is a privilege to be called at this stage in the debate.
My principal reason for voting against the Bill on Second Reading was my concern that vulnerable people would be put at risk.
I agreed to serve on the Bill Committee to do what I could to allay my concerns about that issue and address some of the issues raised by others.
I do not think that the revised version of the Bill properly or completely reflects the concerns expressed on a multitude of different occasions.
Consequently, it does not fully mitigate the risks to vulnerable groups.
We all recognise that decision making of any kind does not take place in a vacuum and that, in all parts of life, we live in a particular context.
The Equality Act 2010 recognises that many people face discrimination or unfair treatment as a result of particular characteristics and that reasonable steps should be taken to eliminate that.
It was very clear from the oral evidence sessions that particular care has to be taken to assess the context within which people are making the decision to seek an assisted death: if they suffer from a mental illness or eating disorder, if they are from a low-income or ethnic minority background, if they suffer from a disability or if they are in an abusive relationship.
Those factors are likely to lead to an increased risk that someone will seek an assisted death that they would not have sought if those factors were not present.
In Committee, I and others made the point that it would have been desirable to have received an equality impact assessment before the detailed work of Committee scrutiny had begun, so that Committee members had a sense of how the proposed legislation would impact groups that we know can suffer disproportionate levels of disadvantage.
Will the hon.
Lady give way?
I will not, if that is okay.
We were told that it was not practical to produce such an assessment until after Committee stage, as it would be necessary to assess the impact of amendments made in Committee.
The equality impact assessment was finally published five weeks ago.
I have to say that I was pretty astounded.
It does not recognise that certain groups in this country may have their lives prematurely shortened as a result of this legislation; instead, it concerns itself with the barriers that vulnerable people may face when trying to access assisted dying.
I find that astonishing.
Did the people who drafted the assessment not hear the speech of  the hon.
Member for Vauxhall and Camberwell Green (Florence Eshalomi)  on Second Reading?
She spoke with passion about how the underlying inequalities in access to healthcare experienced by those from black and minority ethnic backgrounds would be exacerbated if the Bill passed unamended.
Did they not listen to the oral evidence that Dr Jamilla Hussain gave to the Bill Committee?
She talked about her experience of working   with racialised communities in Bradford and their fears of being pushed disproportionately towards an assisted dying pathway.
Did they not listen to the testimony of Dr Miro Griffiths on the experience and concerns  of disabled people—testimony that has been echoed  by Baroness Tanni Grey-Thompson and the actress  Liz Carr?
I find it inexplicable that the framing of the impact on vulnerable people should be the removal of barriers to accessing assisted dying and not, as it should be, the increased risk to their health and wellbeing that the Bill presents.
I am concerned that we are thinking about the impact on vulnerable people solely with reference to those who are suffering a terminal illness with less than six months to live.