Amendment 83, page 41, leave out lines 23 to 26 and insert—
“but has not reached the age specified in section 11 (Tenure of office of judges of Senior Courts) of the Senior Courts Act 1981.”
This amendment requires that the legal member of the Panel is someone who holds high judicial office or has held high judicial office but not yet reached the mandatory retirement age.
It is linked with Amendments 83, 84, 85, and 86.
Amendment 41, page 41, line 34, at end insert—
“(2A) In Wales, the Commissioner must take all reasonable steps to ensure each member of a panel has fluent proficiency in the Welsh language if services or functions in the Act are to be provided to an individual in Welsh under section 47(1).
(2B) For the purposes of subsection (2A), “fluent” includes speaking fluent Welsh.”
Amendment 84, page 42, line 2, leave out “or deputy judge”.
This amendment ensures that only High Court judges, and not deputy High Court judges, can chair the panel.
It is linked with Amendments 83, 84, 85 and 86.
Amendment 85, page 42, line 2, at end insert—
“(4) All judges of the High Court are automatically on the list and will remain so for the duration of their appointment to the High Court.
(5) If they have not already, all persons on the list (whether as a legal member, psychiatrist member, or social care member) must take the judicial oath.”
This amendment makes all High Court judges automatically eligible to chair panels without needing further application and it requires that the non-legal members take the judicial oath before they can sit.
It is linked with Amendments 83, 84, 85 and 86.
Amendment 86, page 43, line 5, at end insert—
“(3) Panels shall have the same powers, privileges and authority as the High Court.”
This amendment gives the panel the same powers as the High Court.
It is linked with Amendments 83, 84, 85 and 86.
It is a privilege to open today’s debate and to present to the House the amendments tabled in my name, a number of which relate to issues that I promised to return to when they were raised in Committee.
All amendments in my name have been drafted with technical advice and expertise from civil servants from the Department of Health and Social Care and the Ministry of Justice, along with the brilliant Government Legal Department and the Office of the Parliamentary Counsel, in order to make the Bill workable and to give coherence to the statute book, as confirmed by the Minister for Care, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Aberafan Maesteg (Stephen Kinnock) , and the Minister for Courts and Legal Services, my hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for Finchley and Golders Green (Sarah Sackman) , in their recent letter to MPs.
Some are technical and drafting amendments, and all are there to strengthen the Bill, so I hope that colleagues will be able to support them, wherever they stand on the principle of assisted dying.
I know that many colleagues wish to speak today, so I will endeavour to speak with brevity.
I will speak first to the new clauses that stand in my name, starting with new clause 13.
This important new clause and the related amendments would create a regulatory framework and safeguards around the approved substances referred to in the Bill by imposing a duty to make regulations about those substances and a power to make regulations about devices for use in connection with their self-administration.
Amendment 72 provides that the regulations relating to approved substances would be subject to the affirmative procedure, meaning that they must be laid before Parliament and approved by resolution of both Houses, providing important parliamentary oversight.
These measures ensure that the substances used in assisted dying are subject to a specific and appropriate regulatory regime.
I am genuinely looking for clarification.