This would provide that NC13 (regulation of approved substances etc…) does not extend to each part of the United Kingdom and only applies, like most of this Bill, to England and Wales.
Amendment (b) to amendment 77, in subsection (3), leave out “and Scotland”.
This amendment would provide that subsection (8) of NC10 (no obligation to provide assistance) and NS1 (protection from detriment) only extend to England and Wales.
Amendment 42, in clause 54, page 36, line 16, leave out subsections (2) to (5) and insert—
“(2) In relation to England, the provisions of this Act not brought into force by subsection (1) come into force on such day or days as the Secretary of State may by regulations appoint.”
This amendment will mean that, except as provided by subsection (1), provisions of the Bill will only commence in England when the Secretary of State makes a commencement order, and not automatically.
Amendment 37, in clause 54, page 36, line 21, leave out subsection (4) and insert—
“(4) Regulations under this section cannot be made unless the Secretary of State has previously—
(a) made a statement to the effect that in their view the provisions of the Act are compatible with the Convention rights; or
(b) made a statement to the effect that although they are unable to make a statement under subsection (4)(a), the Government nevertheless wishes to proceed with commencing provisions of the Act.
(4A) The statement required by subsection (4) must be laid before both Houses of Parliament.
(4B) A statement under subsection (4)(b) must include the steps the Government plans to take to resolve any incompatibility.”
Amendment 3, page 36, line 22, leave out “four” and insert “three”.
Amendment 94, page 36, line 25, leave out “Wales” and insert—
“sections 39(1) and (2) and (Provision about the Welsh language)(2) and (3) which come into force on such day as the Welsh Ministers may by regulations appoint.”
This amendment provides that the Welsh Ministers have power to commence clauses 39(1) and (2) and NC21(2) and (3), and that other provisions of the Bill come into force in accordance with subsections (1) to (4) of this clause.
Amendment 95, page 36, line 26, leave out subsection (6).
This amendment is consequential on Amendment 94.
New schedule 2—Statistics to be collected—
“Characteristics
1 The Voluntary Assisted Dying Commissioner must collect the following information about persons requesting assisted dying—
(a) sex,
(b) age,
(c) self-reported ethnicity,
(d) level of education,
(e) Index of Multiple Deprivation based on postcode,
(f) region of residence,
(g) marital status,
(h) living status (alone, with others, in a care home etc),
(i) main condition leading to “terminal illness” fulfilment,
(j) other medical conditions,
(k) other psychiatric / mental health conditions,
(l) presence of physical disability, and
(m) presence of intellectual disability.
Health and Care Support
2 The Commissioner must collect statistics on the following information about health and care support—
(a) whether the person was, before the request—
(i) under a specialist palliative care team, and
(ii) under a psychiatry team,
(b) whether following the request there has been—
(i) referral to specialist palliative care team, and
(ii) referral to psychiatry team following request.
Information about requests
3 The Commissioner must collect statistics on the following information about the requests for assistance—
(a) the main reason for requesting assisted dying,
(b) any other subsidiary reason for requesting assisted dying,
(c) any previous requests for assisted dying from that patient,
(d) time between first request and subsequent request(s),
(e) number of times a second opinion was requested under section 10, and
(f) number of times the second opinion disagreed with the first.
Information about refused requests
4 The Commissioner must collect statistics following information about requests that are refused—
(a) at what stage of the process was the request refused, and
(b) reasons for refusal.