That is in line with the guidance I have received from legal experts, and as such I hope all colleagues can support these amendments.
If the Bill passes, I will, if necessary, work with other devolved Administrations in the same way as I have worked with the Welsh Government to ensure that devolution is respected.
That concludes the explanations of the amendments tabled in my name.
Many colleagues are keen to speak, so I am not going to comment on all the amendments in the group; I will just make two comments about amendments that are not in my name, and allow other people plenty of time to speak.
Amendment 42, tabled by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Newcastle-under-Lyme (Adam Jogee) , would not only try to remove the backstop for the provision of assisted dying in England, but create a number of other issues in relation to commencement.
If Parliament chooses to give this choice to terminally ill people, there cannot be a clause in the Bill that would prevent that from being available as soon as it was safe and practicable.
But the amendment would remove the four-year backstop.
It would also prevent the appointment of the voluntary assisted dying commissioner and create a potential commencement gap between England and Wales.
Given that, I have been strongly advised that the amendment would create serious workability issues.
I urge colleagues who want an operable Bill to join me in rejecting the amendment.
To finish, I am pleased to support amendment 21, tabled by  the hon.
Member for Twickenham (Munira Wilson) .
I thank her for her engagement with the Bill and the amendment, which would require the Secretary of State to prepare and publish an assessment of the availability, quality and distribution of palliative and end-of-life care, as part of the first report on the implementation of the Act, mirroring the assessment already required as part of the five-year review.
Although the Bill seeks to address what in some respects is a very specific issue in terms of the failings of the current law, it has become part of a much-needed broader conversation about death, dying and end-of-life care.
We all have our own experiences of death, loss and grief, and we do not talk about them enough.
I am really pleased that the Bill has led to many conversations up and down the country; whatever our views, that has to be a positive thing.
Will the hon.
Lady give way?
I have nearly finished.
I have had many such conversations over recent months with those who support the amendment, including with palliative care doctors, nurses, hospice staff, GPs, Hospice UK and Marie Curie.
I thank them all for their constructive engagement with the Bill.
I cannot imagine that anyone in this place is not truly grateful for the outstanding work done every day by the wonderful people working in palliative and end-of-life care in every one of our constituencies.
Many of us, if not most of us, will have personal experience of the kindness and compassion that those people have shown to our own families and friends.
But this is not an either/or conversation.
Palliative and end-of-life care and assisted dying can and do work side by side to give terminally ill patients the care and choice that they deserve in their final days.
Just as there should not be an either/or for dying people, there should also not be an either/or for us as legislators in having to choose between supporting assisted dying or other end-of-life choices.
That is why I am supporting amendment 21:   to ensure that in this place we channel our energies into supporting all options available to terminally ill people—something that I have always committed to do.
It is a privilege to be called at this stage in the debate.
My principal reason for voting against the Bill on Second Reading was my concern that vulnerable people would be put at risk.