Amendment 72 provides that the regulations relating to approved substances would be subject to the affirmative procedure, meaning that they must be laid before Parliament and approved by resolution of both Houses, providing important parliamentary oversight.
These measures ensure that the substances used in assisted dying are subject to a specific and appropriate regulatory regime.
I am genuinely looking for clarification.
As a former Cabinet Minister in the Scottish Government, I jealously guard the devolution settlement.
I wonder how the extension of some of these clauses to include Scotland will be interpreted.
What conversations have taken place between my hon.
Friend, Scotland’s Lord Advocate and the Scottish Government?
I have taken legal advice from Government officials to ensure that devolution is respected at every stage in proceedings.
Where legislation that affects other jurisdictions needs to be amended, those conversations have already started and will continue.
Will the hon.
Lady give way?
No, I am going to make some progress, if that is okay.
The substances that would be used would not be new substances.
As we know, assisted dying is available in many other jurisdictions, and there are substances that have been used safely and, in some cases, for many years.
Their safety and efficacy has been proven around the world, but they do need to be treated differently, which is the purpose of new clause 13.
Will the hon.
Lady give way?
Will the hon.
Lady give way?
I am going to make some progress.
However, it is most likely that these products are already licensed for other purposes.
They could well be regulated through the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency and within the Human Medicines Regulations 2012 for the purposes of the Bill, but it is important that time is given—
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
I will.
As an operating department practitioner with more than 20 years of experience, I emphasise that controlling and administering drugs is already a key part of every healthcare professional’s practice.
Medicines   management is at the front and centre of everything we do when handling drugs.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the safeguards added to this Bill, along with the existing frameworks, are more than adequate to deal with this?
I thank my hon.
Friend for sharing her expertise, along with other colleagues with medical backgrounds who have worked with me on this amendment.
rose—
Given what you have said, Mr Speaker, I will make some progress. [
Interruption.]
A lot of Members wish to speak today.
I now turn to new clause 14 and amendment 73.
The new clause imposes a duty to make regulations prohibiting advertising of services related to voluntary assisted dying.
This issue was discussed in Committee, following an amendment tabled by  the hon.
Member for West Worcestershire (Dame Harriett Baldwin) .
It was proposed that there should be no advertising of assisted dying services.
I agree, and there was a consensus on that in the Committee.
There were some issues with the previous amendment’s workability, so I gave a commitment to return to the matter on Report—hence the inclusion of this new clause.
Amendment 73 provides that regulations under new clause 14 would be subject to the affirmative procedure, providing parliamentary oversight.
On the evidential basis, on page 15 of today’s edition of The Times there is a story about a gentleman who was born in South Africa and lives in Australia.
He has come to London this week for this particular Bill in order to give his story.
He was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer and told he had only two weeks to live: he lived for three years and one month, and he is still living.
There is a growing evidential basis.
He said that he was never afraid to die, but he says that he is afraid of the process of dying, and the hon.
Lady is the initiator of that.