The nature of the rockets from Hamas and Palestinian Islamic Jihad makes it harder to have a clear and indisputable number, but I will try to assist the hon.
Gentleman on some of the other rockets.
I believe that Iranian attacks since  7 October  have included 600 rockets, killing 29 Israelis, and that Houthi attacks, which have targeted Israeli civilians, have included 100 ballistic missiles and drones.
I recently met the family of Davinder Singh Thandi, who died in suspicious circumstances in India.
This has obviously been a distressing time for my constituents, and unfortunately they have struggled to get timely advice and support from the Foreign Office.
I thank the Minister for her recent letter, but will she meet me to discuss their case and how the Department can develop a victims code to better support families like Mr Thandi’s?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her letter, and I am very happy to meet her to discuss this matter.
Last week the Chancellor accepted that Brexit has caused huge damage to the economy.
This week sources suggest that the Prime Minister is being advised to go further in his realignment with the European Union, as the Office for Budget Responsibility is reportedly forecasting a new black hole of around £20 billion—again showing the impact of Brexit on growth.
Is the Foreign Secretary ready to admit that no matter how people try to spin it, Brexit has been an all-out disaster for Scotland and these islands?
We have had no hesitation in exposing the impacts of the botched Brexit deal that the previous Government made.
That is exactly why we have reset our relationship with the EU and achieved important agreements at the May summit.
It is also why the Minister for the Cabinet Office, myself and others are working to deliver on that deal to ensure benefits for our businesses, consumers and people across this country.
I call the Chair of the International Development Committee.
Members might not be aware that the FCDO has given notice to the Insolvency Service that 1,885 jobs are at risk due to the 25% reduction in the workforce that follows the ODA cuts.
This is a massive drop in staff numbers and it is bound to have a real impact, particularly on smaller departments such as conflict prevention.
Will the Foreign Secretary please comment, being new in post, on how this will impact on her ability to shape the Department as she wants?
The forward plan for the Department is still not finalised.
How can she operate without the staff to do so?
My hon.
Friend the Chair of the Select Committee will know that the Government have taken the difficult decision to reduce the aid budget in order to fund the defence resources that we need at a  time when there are significant security pressures.
She will also know that we are working to find different ways, including private finance and new investment, to maintain not just the multilateral investment that is so important but crucial aid programmes in areas such as Sudan and Gaza.
I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss these details further and—
Order.
I need the Foreign Secretary to help me here.
Members are desperate to get their questions in, and the only way I can get them in is by speeding up.
We have to get on with the Opposition day at some point.
I refer Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
When I was in Ukraine last month I met senior Ukrainian figures, all of whom told me the same thing: they need more support from Europe to win this war.
With that in mind, will the Foreign Secretary finally commit to seizing the £25 billion-worth of frozen Russian assets held in the UK and deploying them to Ukraine in its hour of need?