He will also know that China is a trading partner and that we continue to have strong economic relations.
It is possible for both those things to be true.
Despite a ceasefire being in place for almost a year, Israeli forces struck UN peacekeepers in southern Lebanon just this weekend.
What work are the Government doing with the Lebanese Government and in particular the Lebanese armed forces to shore up our crucial ally in the region?
Lebanon is a crucial ally.
I will travel there shortly and intend to go to the area affected.
It is vital that Lebanon’s borders, in both the east and the south, are secure.
That is vital for their security, as well as for ours.
British national Jimmy Lai is currently in solitary confinement in a prison in Hong Kong.
He has been there for five years.
He is 78 years of age, he is in ill health and his trial will come to an end very soon.
Ahead of the Asia-Pacific Economic Co-operation summit, what representations has the Foreign Secretary made to the White House to ensure that when President Trump meets President Xi, the case of Jimmy Lai will be raised, as it has been in the last 36 hours by a cross-party group of 38 US Senators?
We continue to be deeply distressed by this case and continue to make representations, discuss the case with the US and stay in contact with Jimmy Lai’s family.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
I would like to apologise for not taking the direction of the Chair yesterday.
First, I thank the hon.
Member for her point of order and for her apology.
I would add that should any Member need any advice on the rules and conventions of the House, the Clerks are always available to assist.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
And not to apologise on this occasion—yet.
There is still time.
I will give it a minute!
At business questions last week, I put it to the Leader of the House that he should afford time for my early-day motion in respect of Prince Andrew to be heard.
He intimated that options are always available to Members to pursue that, so in due course I wrote to the Prime Minister, seeking clarity that we would get that opportunity.
Since then, there have been further revelations with regard to Prince Andrew hosting not just Harvey Weinstein but the notorious paedophile Jeffrey Epstein at the Royal Lodge in Windsor.
There have been suggestions that this House and this Parliament can take action on his succession and his place in line to the throne, and that we may well end up compensating Prince Andrew, should he move out of the Royal Lodge.
May I have guidance from you, Mr Speaker, as to how I solicit an early response from the Prime Minister to my correspondence?
We nearly did have an apology.
May I first say thank you to the right hon.
Member for giving notice of his point of order?
As I know he is aware, I made a statement on Thursday last week at the start of business that provided some clarification on ways in which this House can properly consider the matter.
In raising this point of order, the right hon.
Member has placed on record his letter to the Prime Minister and the early-day motion tabled in his name.
The scheduling of time for debates is not a matter for the Chair.
I know that the right hon.
Member will continue to seek ways in which to pursue the issue and he has already reminded the Treasury Bench of what he wishes.
I will leave it there.
I inform the House that I have not selected the amendment.
I call the shadow Chancellor to move the motion.