That is why, wherever there are national security threats, we take them immensely seriously and will always challenge China on them.
I call the shadow Foreign Secretary.
Speaking of challenging China, will the Foreign Secretary comment on the recent threats made by the Chinese Government towards Britain over the embassy application, the spy case and Taiwan, and will she tell the House whether there have been any meetings with the Chinese Government, British Ministers, Jonathan Powell and other officials in which they have discussed the now collapsed spy case?
Has China at any point requested that the case be dropped, and will she now apologise for backing the embassy application?
The shadow Foreign Secretary has perhaps forgotten the position that her Government have previously taken towards China on a range of issues.
We have made it clear that the planning process in the UK is independent and has to involve the normal planning processes, as is appropriate.
We also ensure that security measures are always taken immensely seriously, and we have a range of different ways of doing so.
As for the China case to which the right hon.
Lady has referred, I remain extremely frustrated about the collapse of that case, and my view remains that the kind of activity that was alleged should face the full force of the law.
That is why I supported the strengthening and  updating of the law in this area, to make prosecutions easier, and it is a shame that the right hon.
Lady’s party took so long to do it.
What progress she has made on implementing the UK-EU agreement on Gibraltar.
It was fantastic to visit Gibraltar recently for its national day, and also to meet my European Union and Spanish counterparts.
The agreement reached between the UK and the EU in June was welcome and significant: it will mean jobs, investment and stability, not just for Gibraltar but for the whole region.
All parties have agreed to work together to finalise the treaty text and ratify the agreement as quickly as possible, and I will update the House in due course
Like the Minister, I had the pleasure of being in Gibraltar in the summer at the invitation of the Government, and I draw the House’s attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
I saw for myself the vital necessity of this deal to secure the economy and the social fabric of Gibraltar and, in particular, the movement of 15,000 people across the Spain-Gibraltar frontier every day.
Can the Minister commit himself to bringing the treaty to the House at the first possible opportunity, so that the details can be given the fullest possible scrutiny?
Absolutely.
The hon.
Gentleman mentioned the challenges that have existed at the border.
I have been stuck in those queues, Mr Speaker, and you may have been as well.
This deal will mean an end to that, and a new, positive relationship.
Indeed, much will be positive for the economy and for all the people of Gibraltar.
We will bring the treaty to the House as soon as possible—as soon as it is finalised—and it will go through the normal processes.
Parliament will, of course, be able to debate its terms if it wishes to do so.
I draw the House’s attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
It was an honour to welcome Gibraltar’s First Minister to last week’s annual general meeting of the all-party parliamentary group on Gibraltar.
As a cross-party group, we wholeheartedly welcome the treaty, but can the Minister assure me that it will produce economic benefits for Gibraltarians and an increase in the prospects for tourism?
I absolutely can assure my hon.
Friend.
I thank her and the whole APPG for their work, cross-party, in support of Gibraltar.