What is not the right thing to do for this country is to follow the Conservatives’ plan for £47 billion of cuts, for which they have no plans and that would represent nothing less than a return to austerity.
If their £47 billion were to come from cuts to public services, that would mean 85,700 fewer nurses, cutting every police officer in the country twice and cutting the entire armed forces.
Funnily enough, none of that detail is in their motion today.
To have proposed the motion is a shame for British politics, because with the Conservatives’ long history, they really should know better.
Were it to be the Greens, Plaid Cymru or Reform proposing policies with little regard for the consequences, I would not be surprised  because they have never had a chance to implement them, but to see the party that was in charge for 14 years acting this recklessly shows just how far it has fallen.
The Minister is always generous with his time and always has a smile, which is a welcome thing in this Chamber.
Government spending this year is approaching £1,300 billion, but Ministers could not save £5 billion because of their own Back Benchers.
Is it his complete failure to make even the smallest savings on that monumental budget that makes him find it impossible to believe that others would have the will to do so?
What I find it impossible to believe from the Conservatives is that they now have a shadow Chancellor who claims to have a plan for £23 billion of welfare cuts, when he himself presided over the biggest increase in welfare spending in decades when he was the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions.
That is the record that gives him no credibility whatsoever in this debate.
In their motion, the Conservatives also claim that they want
“to get Britain working, to grow the economy and to give people a stronger stake in their communities”.
Yet they spend their whole time trying to claim that Britain is broken.
They have joined the ranks of those who are trying to co-opt our flag for their own ends by claiming that it is in tatters.
I cannot believe that so many who claim to be proud of our country are so willing to talk it down.
Our country is not broken; we are a great country, filled with great people and great businesses.
We are willing to roll up our sleeves and work together for a greater future.
However, it is clear that many people across our country feel stuck.
Under the last Government, our economy stalled, our public services were starved and opportunities dried up.
The Minister is always generous with his time—I thank him for giving way—and I am always smiling in the Chamber, as  the right hon.
Member for Beverley and Holderness (Graham Stuart)  will know.
Conservative Members seem to be suffering from collective amnesia.
Will my right hon.
Friend remind me if the national debt went up or down under the last Government? [
Interruption.]
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to draw attention to the Conservatives’ record. [
Interruption.]
In 2010, I think the national debt was about 67% of GDP, but it was about 100% by the time that they left office.
Order.
Members on both sides of the Chamber are having their own conversations on the side.
I cannot hear the Minister—and everybody wants to hear the Minister.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I was confirming what I think everyone in the Chamber knows about how bad the previous Government’s record on the economy was.
We know why that record was so bad.
It was because previous Ministers failed to invest, and we know that investment is the fuel for our economic engine.
That is why we are taking a different approach.
On helping Ministers with amnesia, does the right hon.