I have already apprised the hon.
Gentleman of the fact that on his party’s watch, 16,000 high-net-worth people have left the country, to the huge detriment of our economy.
We cannot tax our way to growth.
We have to abolish this tax across the piece, and that is recognised by think-tanks across the political spectrum.
Indeed, the Institute of Economic Affairs says:
“Abolishing stamp duty is the single best reform any government could make to Britain’s tax system.”
The Resolution Foundation, which may be more to Labour Members’ taste, says of stamp duty that it is
“one of the most economically harmful ways of raising revenue”.
That is a simple fact.
Does my right hon.
Friend the shadow Chancellor accept that the housing market is virtually stagnant?
It is moribund.
The houses and flats that we want in this country are not being built, and one of the barriers is that the cost of stamp duty is so high that individuals do not want to pay it.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
I have already set out the estimate from the OBR that a 1% increase in stamp duty means a 5% to 7% reduction in transactions.
It is a horrendous and terrible tax, and it remains to be seen whether Labour Members choose to defend it.
The hon.
Member for Welwyn Hatfield (Andrew Lewin)  talked about millionaires getting a tax cut, but we are talking about young families getting on the ladder.
Does my right hon.
Friend the shadow Chancellor agree that while Labour Members engage in the politics of envy, we will always engage in the politics of hope?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
As Paul Johnson, formerly of the Institute for Fiscal Studies—I quoted him earlier—says, this tax
“also acts to reduce effective supply for everyone”
right across every age and every section of the income scale.
If only the Parliamentary Secretary to the Treasury,  the hon.
Member for Swansea West (Torsten Bell) —I see he is not in his place—who is a former director of the Resolution Foundation, could show some backbone and at least agree with his former self and the quote that I read out from the Resolution Foundation.
The facts are clear: the Government should support this motion today if they believe in growth, a fairer society and a stronger economy.
As we approach the Budget, through a period of great uncertainty, the Chancellor faces a clear choice—a choice between still higher taxes, and controlling spending and getting taxes down; between continued anaemic growth and getting the size of the Government under control; between destroying jobs, and getting people off benefits and into work; and between doing the right thing for our country and simply ducking the challenge.
The Opposition know what must be done, even at this late stage, to save our economy.
Perhaps even the Chancellor herself knows, deep in her heart, that we are right.
Yet is it not the truth that faced with the serried ranks of obstinate delusion arrayed behind her, she is just too weak to act?
No plan, no backbone—no wonder that under this Government we are staring into the abyss.
I thank the shadow Chancellor for opening today’s debate with characteristic theatricality.
I know that Opposition Members are desperate to forget their time in office.
They are desperate for us all to forget the damage that they caused to the economy and to public services on their watch.
Surely, however, they cannot have forgotten how the Budget process works, so they will know that no Treasury Minister, particularly in the weeks immediately before a Budget, will speculate on tax changes.
Any decisions on tax will be taken at the Budget by the Chancellor in the usual way—[Interruption.]
I see surprised faces among Opposition Members, but I remind them that that is how the Budget process works.