I refer Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
When I was in Ukraine last month I met senior Ukrainian figures, all of whom told me the same thing: they need more support from Europe to win this war.
With that in mind, will the Foreign Secretary finally commit to seizing the £25 billion-worth of frozen Russian assets held in the UK and deploying them to Ukraine in its hour of need?
I absolutely agree that we need to get Ukraine every support that it needs.
Our support is iron-clad, which is why we hosted the coalition of the willing on Thursday.
Members will have heard the Foreign Secretary say that we are working closely with partners to ensure that Russia pays for the damage it has caused, and we will find the lawful and most effective ways to do that.
Karim Ennarah is an internationally recognised human rights activist who has been subjected to a travel ban by Egypt and has been stuck there since 2020.
What is the Foreign Office doing—or what can it do—to ensure that he is able to come to the UK to join his wife in my constituency?
I am familiar with the case and have met the man in question and my hon.
Friend’s constituent.
I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss it further.
I am travelling to Egypt this weekend and will continue to be in these sorts of discussions.
Cuts to spending in Afghanistan inevitably impact women and children disproportionately.
They are more likely to be employed by NGOs forced to make cuts and more likely to need assistance.
Does the Minister agree that we need to ringfence and protect funding to Afghanistan?
We have to be clear about who is driving the oppression of Afghan women and girls.
The Taliban have put further restrictions on women and girls.
They have taken further steps, including restricting the internet, that undermine the viability of Afghanistan’s economy at a fundamental level.
But I assure the House that we continue to allocate significant funding to Afghanistan, with £151 million this year.
That is a small decrease from last year, but I assure the hon.
Member, who I know remains committed to these issues, that we remain very much focused on them.
The British public are under no illusions about the level of resources needed for humanitarian aid in Gaza and the rebuild of Gaza, and they want to play their part.
Have the Government considered aid-matching each £1 of public contribution with £1 of Government money to increase the proportion of British aid and rebuilding that can happen in Gaza?
We are looking at different ways to ensure that we can get sufficient resources into Gaza—that will require not just immediate humanitarian assistance but long-term reconstruction aid—and we are continuing to work with our allies and here in the UK on doing so.
Last week I met Nada, an Oxford plastic surgeon who told me horrific stories of the children she has been treating in Gaza.
I believe that the Secretary of State has met her, too.
The most concerning thing is that if these wounds do not have care, they will lead to life-changing disabilities.
Medics are calling for a humanitarian corridor between Gaza and the west bank so that those Palestinian children can stay in Palestine.
What discussions has she had on the matter?
I have met the doctor to whom the hon.
Member referred.
Her work is inspiring, and she deals with the most terrible stories of suffering.
We agree that we need to be able to get humanitarian corridors in place and to treat children, especially in the region, but, as the hon.
Member will know, we are also medevacing children to the UK for treatment.