Transition arrangements are set out as part of the 20-point plan, but it is really crucial that we not only maintain the original ceasefire agreement—the first phase—but that we keep making progress on the rest of the points in the 20-point plan and the second phase.
Thankfully, the living hostages have been returned to receive medical attention and go back to their families, but, very sadly, the bodies of the deceased hostages have not all been returned.
That is a key element in this ceasefire treaty.
What action is the Foreign Secretary taking to ensure  that Israel is supported—and, if necessary, that the Palestinians are supported—to identify the bodies of the deceased hostages and that those bodies are returned, so that there can be closure for the families?
The hon.
Member makes an immensely important point.
We will all have seen the incredibly moving scenes of hostages returning after the most horrendous captivity, and being returned to their families, but there are those who have lost loved ones—those whose loved ones were taken in that barbaric terrorist attack on  7 October —and are still waiting to have their remains returned.
I have spoken to families whose loved ones were lost and who have had the remains returned, but I know how difficult this is and that people need to be able to grieve and pay tribute to their loved ones.
We are continuing to press for all the hostage remains to be released.
We have also offered support—for example, demining capabilities, where there are concerns about ordnance that might prevent the recovery of remains.
How will the United Kingdom help to ensure that the Gaza peace plan includes measures to restore access to clean and plentiful water?
The main source of fresh water in Gaza is the coastal aquifer, which is contaminated by sea water, sewage and chemicals.
Up to 97% of Gaza’s tap water is unfit for human consumption.
Surely the Foreign Secretary agrees that there can be no just peace amidst thirst and squalor.
The hon.
Member is right to highlight water as a crucial humanitarian aid and support.
I have spoken to Tom Fletcher, who is co-ordinating much of the UN support, and to the Egyptian and Israeli Foreign Ministers about the importance of ensuring that the crossings are open so that water can be provided and critical infrastructure rebuilt.
That will require financing, and my hon.
Friend the Middle East Minister has already been involved in looking at ways in which we can finance reconstruction for the long term.
I thank the Secretary of State very much for her responses.
The peace plan can succeed only if Hamas are not part of it.
Hamas need to return the dead hostages to the families, and they need to be disarmed.
We also need to ensure that they are not carrying out summary executions of fellow Gazans, as they are currently doing.
If we are going to have a peace plan that lasts, Hamas need to be removed from the situation—we can then have peace.
The hon.
Member will know that I have always described Hamas as a barbaric terrorist organisation, and that remains the case.
Crucially, we have seen the Arab League condemn and reject Hamas, and join us and other countries from across the world in being clear that Hamas can play no role in the future governance of Gaza or of Palestine.
The UK has particularly been offering support on the decommissioning of weapons and the disarming of Hamas—a crucial part of the peace process—so that Palestinians and Israelis can live in peace and security.
I call the shadow Foreign Secretary.
As the Foreign Secretary knows, Hamas continue to terrorise the people of Gaza, carrying out summary executions and depriving people  of aid.
Terrorist tunnels and their infrastructure remain in place, so what role is the Foreign Secretary playing in negotiations and dialogue about the elimination of Hamas?