The hon.
Gentleman will be aware of the new work being done through the Quad countries—the US, Saudi Arabia, the UAE and Egypt—which have condemned the violence and called for an end to external support for the warring parties.
We are pressing for the urgent implementation of that work.
As penholder at the UN Security Council for both Sudan and the protection of civilians, the UK has a special responsibility following the fall of El Fasher and the appalling reports to which the Foreign Secretary referred.
Will she call an emergency session of the Security Council focused on the protection of terrified civilians in Darfur, given recent events?
She talked about the Quad.
That statement was before the appalling events of the last three days.
Will she push every country in the Quad—the US, Saudi Arabia, Egypt and the UAE—to act now to prevent further massacres?
I agree with my right hon.
Friend that Sudan, the escalating violence and the humanitarian crisis must be on the agenda for the Security Council.
We are pressing for that meeting to take place as soon as possible, and to ensure that the protection of civilians is at its heart.
There was already a humanitarian crisis in Sudan, with huge numbers of people at risk of famine even before the escalating violence.
I also agree on the urgent need to press all parties to cease the violence and to ensure that humanitarian aid can get through.
The news overnight from El Fasher in Darfur is truly dreadful, with evidence of summary executions and undoubted ethnic cleansing.
Given the pivotal role that Britain plays, as set out by the former Minister for Development,  the right hon.
Member for Oxford East (Anneliese Dodds) , will the Foreign Secretary urgently review everything that we are doing, in order to prevent El Fasher from becoming another Srebrenica?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right to raise the grave nature of this crisis and the seriousness of the violence taking place in El Fasher.
I agree that we need to put on every possible pressure through both the United Nations and directly through the Quad.
We need urgent action to get a ceasefire—the humanitarian truce called for by the Quad—as well as humanitarian aid and the crucial protection of civilians in place.
He will know that the UK doubled aid for Sudan and has continued to protect that, but the aid is unable to get through as long as this terrible fighting is taking place.
As we have heard, about a quarter of a million civilians, including 130,000 children, are trapped in the city of El Fasher, following a brutal siege that has lasted 18 months.
This is a critical moment amidst the world’s greatest humanitarian catastrophe in Sudan.
What can the UK Government do, with our allies, to ensure that we get humanitarian exit routes out of El Fasher for those civilians?
I agree with my hon.
Friend that getting civilian pathways out of the city to safety are urgently needed.
We are urging for a ceasefire to take place.
We need all sides to pull back from this escalating and incredibly dangerous violence.
We are seeing the scale of atrocities at risk of taking place, but the most immediate and urgent thing is to get a safe way out of the city for civilians.
What steps her Department is taking to support the Gaza peace plan.
What steps her Department is taking to support the Gaza peace plan.
What steps she is taking to help secure a just and lasting peace in Gaza.
The ceasefire agreement in Gaza, as a result of President Trump’s peace initiative, is a profound moment of peace and hope, but it needs to hold and to become a lasting peace, after two years of the most horrendous suffering.