Her work is inspiring, and she deals with the most terrible stories of suffering.
We agree that we need to be able to get humanitarian corridors in place and to treat children, especially in the region, but, as the hon.
Member will know, we are also medevacing children to the UK for treatment.
Last month, ahead of the UN General Assembly, I had the honour of welcoming Vlad, Valeriia and Roman: three young children who were injured and abducted by Russia during Putin’s illegal invasion of Ukraine.
I thank you, Mr. Speaker, and my hon.
Friend the Minister for taking time out of your busy days to meet those children and to hear at first hand the horrors they have been through, as well as their inspiring stories.
Will the Minister update the House on what discussions were held at the UN General Assembly on the unlawful deportation of Ukrainian children?
What further support is being provided to Ukraine to aid their recovery?
It genuinely was an honour to meet the three young people my hon.
Friend mentioned.
As she said, not only were their stories shocking, but they were inspiring in their courage.
I assure her that we continue to use every forum, including the United Nations, and all our discussions with partners and allies.
I particularly commend the First Lady’s initiatives on this issue.
We want to see those young people returned—it is one of the most heinous aspects of Russia’s illegal and barbarous war in Ukraine.
The British Council is in dire financial straits.
If it disappears, so will the invaluable soft power that it wields.
Will the Foreign Secretary commit to meeting the chief executive of the British Council to discuss that as soon as possible?
The British Council plays a crucial role in supporting UK interests around the world, including helping people to learn English and promote the arts and culture.
The Foreign Office is providing £160 million  in grant aid to the council this year, which underlines our support.
I have already met the vice-chair and the deputy chief executive, and I will meet the chief executive and the chair in due course.
Mr Yaxley-Lennon, aka T. Robinson, has been fêted in Israel at the invitation of a Government Minister, while the hon.
Member for Bury St Edmunds and Stowmarket, aka Dr Peter Prinsley—a British Jew, a member of the Board of Deputies and a vocal supporter of the Israeli people in Parliament—has been banned.
What does the Minister think can be usefully done to rectify that?
My hon.
Friend is an incredibly thoughtful, long-standing commentator on these issues.
Both he and his family have made a great contribution to UK-Israeli relations.
It was an act of great foolishness to prevent him from entering Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
We called on the Israeli Government at the time, as we did in previous such instances.
We cannot prevent the Israeli Government from making decisions that are not in their interests, but that was clearly one of them.
The Government’s position seems to be that communist China can and does pose a wide range of serious threats to the United Kingdom but is not a threat itself.
How can that possibly make sense?
The right hon.
Gentleman will have heard me set out very clearly the threats that China poses to our national security, including those of transnational repression, support for Russia and espionage.
He will know that range of threats and that is why it is deeply frustrating that the prosecution has not taken place.
He will also know that China is a trading partner and that we continue to have strong economic relations.
It is possible for both those things to be true.
Despite a ceasefire being in place for almost a year, Israeli forces struck UN peacekeepers in southern Lebanon just this weekend.