The OBR states that a 1% increase in stamp duty would lead to a decrease of between 5% and 7% in the number of transactions, yet on this Government’s watch, the stamp duty due on a home valued at £300,000 will have doubled during their time in office.
The shadow Chancellor is making a powerful speech.
Is he aware that recently in the Treasury Committee we were given evidence by a range of tax specialists, all of whom endorsed abolishing stamp duty?
Yes, and I thank my hon.
Friend for the excellent work that she has been doing on the Committee, particularly when she chaired it in the last Parliament.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that this Government are not only taxing young people’s jobs but taxing their chances of owning a home through the increase in stamp duty and the rumoured increase on the capital gains on principal private residences?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The reasons that we need to abolish this tax include the fact that it stands in the way of younger people getting on to the housing ladder.
To use the words of Paul Johnson, it “gums up” the entire system of house purchasing in our country.
He said:
“It may look like a tax on wealthy people who move house but it also acts to reduce effective supply for everyone.”
That includes first-time buyers.
My right hon.
Friend is making an excellent speech.
Does he agree that stamp duty also gums up mobility, so that people are unable to move, and if they lose their job under this Labour Government it will be more expensive for them to move to another house?
My hon.
Friend is exactly right.
The tax does precisely that.
It stops people moving to where the work is, to get better jobs and further themselves.
Who wants to move to one place and pay stamp duty, and then move to another to pay more stamp duty?
It does not add up.
Is my right hon.
Friend aware of the study by Jackson-Stops, which looked at people aged 55 and over to see how much abolishing stamp duty would help to move the market along?
The study estimated that in the first year,  abolishing the tax would allow 500,000 people to downsize to free up homes for families, and in the second year, 1.4 million.
Stamp duty is a real blocker.
Does he agree that that study shows the power of this policy?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The tax is a blocker on the aspirations of those who are growing their families and simply want to find a home with more bedrooms.
Often, they cannot find those homes because empty nesters—those whose children have left home—are not prepared to face the huge, eyewatering stamp duty involved.
Is not the reality that people cannot find homes in England because his Government failed to build them while in power?
We built 2.8 million homes since 2010, and a million in the last Parliament.
It remains to be seen how many homes this Government will build.
Another huge advantage of abolishing stamp duty is that it will generate more transactions, which will benefit more plumbers, electricians, builders, designers, estate agents, surveyors and conveyancers, and allow local economies to thrive.
Above all, it will increase the effective supply of housing, and that means a fairer society and a stronger economy.
The shadow Chancellor talks about the huge advantages of his proposal.
Is he aware that someone who owns a home worth £2 million would benefit to the tune of £150,000?
This is a tax cut for millionaires.
Is that what he wants?
I have already apprised the hon.
Gentleman of the fact that on his party’s watch, 16,000 high-net-worth people have left the country, to the huge detriment of our economy.
We cannot tax our way to growth.