I thank my hon.
Friend for his very important question, and he is absolutely right: tackling illegal migration is vital to our strategic relationship with the western Balkans.
Last week, we announced new sanctions against gang leaders, passport forgers and illicit financiers, many of whom have ties to that region, and we are enhancing collaboration between our countries—for example, through the Border Police Chiefs’ Forum, the expansion of the joint migration taskforce and the deployment of UK border security officers to the western Balkans.
Does the Minister agree that foreign nationals convicted of serious drug offences in Northern Ireland should be deported without delay?
Will he ensure that his Department works with international partners and prioritises swift removal agreements to stop those involved in organised immigration and drug crime re-offending on our streets?
I absolutely agree with the sentiment of the hon.
Lady’s question.
She will know that in our first year in government, we deported over 5,000 foreign national offenders—a 14% increase on the previous 12 months.
We are speeding up the early removal scheme so that most foreign prisoners can be deported after serving 30%, rather than the previous 50%, of their custodial sentence.
What steps her Department is taking to provide sustainable funding for the BBC World Service.
The BBC World Service remains the world’s most-trusted international news source and supports our national security, growth and development objectives.
That is  why we provided a 31% increase in Government funding for the World Service this year.
Funding allocations for the next three years will be announced in due course.
The Institute for Global Prosperity and CreativePower have produced an excellent report on the sheer impact of the World Service, which reaches 320 million people globally and is trusted by 75%.
In a key market for the Government—India—75 million people listen to or watch the BBC.
How will the Government maximise the opportunity of the World Service, which is one of our best soft power assets and the best way that we can have conversations with the rest of the world?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his question.
The Government wholeheartedly agree with him that the BBC World Service is one of our strongest areas of soft power.
He will be aware that the charter review starts next year, and we think that is one of the best ways we can work towards establishing the funding streams.
We are working with the BBC World Service on ways in which it can innovate to ensure that it reaches even further, as the most trusted news network on the globe.
I recently met senior journalists who have been exiled from Russia, following Putin’s clampdown on any form of free, trustworthy media.
Despite the huge challenges, they are still providing vital, accurate reporting for all those in the region who need it most.
Will the Minister commit to sustainable funding guarantees for our soft power, and continue to support these courageous journalists, who are forced to move countries, and are often threatened by rogue states?
I agree with my hon.
Friend about the work of the BBC World Service, and we are working with the BBC.
I am shortly due to visit Broadcasting House to see at first hand the work it is doing, particularly its innovative work to deliver and develop its funding programmes, which will form part of the charter review.
In response to Russian interference in the media around the world, I echo my hon.
Friend’s support for the journalists who work in the World Service, who do so much to expose what is happening globally, particularly around conflict.
What steps her Department is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
What diplomatic steps she is taking to help ensure that humanitarian aid can reach people in Gaza.
Alongside our international partners, the UK is working to get aid into Gaza on the scale needed to ease the desperate humanitarian crisis that is taking place.