Can you help me to help everybody else to get in?
In topicals, we have to be short and punchy.
We strongly condemn China’s non-compliance with the joint declaration, as described in the latest published six-monthly report, which details the continued deterioration of rights and freedoms in Hong Kong.
We have continually pressed China to uphold the rights of Hongkongers; its non-compliance is one of the reasons we remain steadfastly committed to the British national overseas visa route.
Shadow Foreign Secretary, Dame Priti Patel.
Hayat Tahrir al-Sham traces its roots back to the barbaric terrorism of al-Qaeda, which caused death and destruction, and harm to our allies.
Can the Foreign Secretary explain to the House why her Government have de-proscribed HTS, and does she believe that it is no longer a terrorist threat to the world?
Both of us know from our former role as Home Secretary that the proscription process is very detailed and considered, and it draws on a range of security expertise.
That process no longer assesses HTS to be an alias of al-Qaeda, after extensive consideration and a full assessment of the available information.
As the right hon.
Lady knows, that was the grounds on which it was proscribed.
We will ultimately, however, judge them on their actions, not their words, but the new Syrian Government have conveyed their strong commitment to working with the UK.
Does the Foreign Secretary believe that this decision will lead to the destruction of all chemical weapons in Syria?
She said that HTS will be judged on its actions.
Will she look at putting conditions in place if it does not step up its actions, in the same way that America has done, with the sanctions that were lifted?
The Minister for the middle east, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lincoln (Mr Falconer) , has raised this issue directly with the Syrian Government, and we continue to raise these security issues with not just Syria but other parties in the region, because the right hon.
Member will know the importance of regional Governments working together on the security issues  that she raises.
This is about the historical terrorism threat we have faced from the region, but also the responsibility on Governments to maintain stability in Syria, and the impact that has across the region.
We will continue to take these security issues immensely seriously.
I welcome the Government sanctioning two Russian oil majors around a fortnight ago, but does the Foreign Secretary agree that it is only by increasing the economic pressure on Putin that we will force him to the negotiating table and finally bring an end to Russia’s illegal war in Ukraine?
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
We need to increase the economic pressure on Putin.
We need to choke off the supply of Russian oil and gas into international markets.
Our package of sanctions, including on the two biggest Russian oil producers, is a substantial step forward.
It is welcome that other countries, including the US, are now doing the same.
It is only through international action that we will have that impact.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
In the United States, President Trump continues to use his public power to advance his private financial interests.
In the UK, as well as rooting out traitors like Nathan Gill, who take funds from our enemies, we must prevent this corrosive cronyism from entering our politics.
I wrote yesterday to the new Ethics and Integrity Commission, calling on it to investigate whether Department for Culture, Media and Sport officials lobbied for Trump’s golf courses.
I intend to bring a Bill to this place that would create enhanced protections against UK Ministers and officials lobbying for foreign powers.
Will the Secretary of State commit to supporting the principle of the Bill?
Not having seen the hon.