I would say to everyone who works in building homes that Labour is the party that is getting on with building: we are making changes to the planning system to get those homes build.
Despite his attempt to make a link to my previous comment, I notice that the right hon.
Gentleman did not address that fact that this motion is entirely half-baked.
It is a genuine shame for British politics that we have an Opposition who think that they can put forward a motion like this for serious debate in the House of Commons.
To be fair, the Conservative party is steeped in centuries of being in Opposition and in Government, but it has become deeply unserious by putting forward motions such as the one today.
The motion simply says that the  Conservatives’ plan to abolish stamp duty is “to reduce public expenditure”; that it is—that is the sum of their plan.
The Minister is right to say that the Opposition have not been clear about how they would fund this tax cut, but there are some clues.
The shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury,  the hon.
Member for North Bedfordshire (Richard Fuller) , told a fringe event at the Tory party conference that we should look at the Australian system of state pensions and “essentially” a means-tested state pension.
Does my right hon.
Friend share my concerns that under the Tories the state pension would be under threat?
My hon.
Friend is right to point out that the state pension would be under threat were the Conservatives to win the next general election.
He is also right to draw the House’s attention to comments made by Conservative Members at their party conference.
They may think that people are not listening to what they say at those conference fringe meetings, but we get the reports so we know exactly what they said.
From their recent conference, we know that they think that they can find some £47 billion through cuts to public spending, as the shadow Chancellor said, but let us look at the detail.
At least half of those fantasy savings come from a welfare plan that amounts to a menu with no prices: a list of measures that the Conservatives say will raise £23 billion in total, but with no breakdown whatsoever of how.
In June last year, just as they were on their way out of Downing Street, they said that they could cut £12 billion from the welfare bill.
Now they have doubled that without explanation.
Frankly, if the shadow Chancellor thinks that he has any credibility on this matter, he is sadly mistaken.
He is far from the best person to make this argument, given that he personally oversaw the biggest increase in benefits spending in decades during his time as the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions.
The Minister is in no position to lecture on reducing the size of the state, given that when Labour attempted to reduce the welfare bill, it marched all of its MPs up the hill, only to march them down again, when it buckled under the pressure from its own Back Benchers.
As Members from both sides of the House know, we are determined to get people back into work, because that is the way to bring the welfare and benefits bills down, and to make people better off.
What is not the right thing to do for this country is to follow the Conservatives’ plan for £47 billion of cuts, for which they have no plans and that would represent nothing less than a return to austerity.
If their £47 billion were to come from cuts to public services, that would mean 85,700 fewer nurses, cutting every police officer in the country twice and cutting the entire armed forces.
Funnily enough, none of that detail is in their motion today.