I absolutely can assure my hon.
Friend.
I thank her and the whole APPG for their work, cross-party, in support of Gibraltar.
I know, of course, that this deal is firmly backed by the Chief Minister of Gibraltar and his Government and will bring important benefits for the economy, jobs and people of Gibraltar.
As she mentions tourism, we might now see more flights coming into Gibraltar airport from elsewhere in Europe, which will be very positive for Gibraltar and the region.
What steps she is taking to promote a Palestinian state.
The UK’s commitment to a two-state solution remains steadfast.
The UK has provided £116 million of aid to the Palestinian people this year.
I was proud that, on  21 September , the Prime Minister announced the UK’s recognition of the state of Palestine.
That was to protect the viability of the two-state solution and support a path towards lasting peace.
Meanwhile, the UK Government are continuing to provide technical and financial support to the Palestinian Authority as they build a viable and effective state of Palestine.
In July, we announced £7 million in technical support to strengthen governance, accountability and civic space in Palestine.
I and the Foreign Secretary remain in touch with our Palestinian counterparts.
Slow as it was, that is welcome indeed, but will the Government go beyond suspending new trade deals and actively review existing trade deals with Israel, including both goods and services originating from the illegal settlements, to ensure that UK trade policy does not undermine the prospect of Palestinian statehood?
The Foreign Secretary has already been clear about the importance of a single, effective Palestinian state, which of course includes the west bank.
The hon.
Member has heard from me on a number of occasions about the different trading standards for both Israel itself and the occupied territories.
We of course keep these questions under close review, but the whole House will appreciate that our focus now needs to be on ensuring that the ceasefire holds as we move into the 20-point plan and towards the two-state solution that we all want to see.
We all welcome a ceasefire and the recognition of a Palestinian state, but we must now support the Palestinian people.
The head of the United Nations humanitarian affairs team has said that driving through Gaza City is like
“going through the ruins of Hiroshima”.
The people of Gaza who have endured this hellish war and survived now face a humanitarian disaster.
They urgently need aid, and the UK, along with many other countries, stands ready to provide it.
The block to this aid, as so frequently has been the case, is the Israeli authorities.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure that Israel stops blocking this urgently needed aid and humanitarian supplies, and to get them to the people who are desperately in need?
I want to update the House on this very important question.
We are seeing a greater flow of aid into Gaza.
That is, of course, supremely welcome, and something that we have long awaited, but it is not yet at the level we would wish to see.
There are still restrictions on that aid going in, and, as the Foreign Secretary has been clear on, vital crossings remain unopened.
We continue to engage with all our partners on this, and I and the Foreign Secretary will be travelling to the region this weekend to pursue that work.
What assessment she has made of recent trends in the level of human rights violations in Hong Kong.
The continued erosion of democratic rights and freedoms in Hong Kong is deeply concerning.
Last week, the Foreign Secretary submitted to this House the Government’s latest six-monthly report on Hong Kong, which details how national security legislation is diminishing Hong Kong’s political autonomy.
The Government will continue to champion the rights and freedoms of the people of Hong Kong.