I will leave it there.
I inform the House that I have not selected the amendment.
I call the shadow Chancellor to move the motion.
I beg to move,
That this House calls on the Government to reduce public expenditure to fund the abolition of stamp duty land tax on primary residences purchased by UK residents, in order to get Britain working, to grow the economy and to give people a stronger stake in their communities through the security of home ownership.
There comes a time in the careers of some in this House when they stand too close to the edge, when they play with fire and when they fly too close to the sun.
To continue that astronomical metaphor, we have a Chancellor who has truly thrown herself headlong into a colossal black hole entirely of her making.
The Chancellor has trashed our economy and she will blame anybody but herself: the Office for Budget Responsibility, the legacy, the Conservative party, Donald Trump, Brexit—whatever it is, as long as it is not herself.
However, we on the Conservative Benches know the clear truth.
We know exactly what has happened to our economy.
We know that we have a Government who, when they were in opposition, said that there was no way they would be putting up taxes left, right and centre, yet within 18 short months had done precisely that, layering up taxes on businesses and destroying growth at the same time as talking down our economy.
Then there was the fictitious £22 billion black hole which, ironically, was debunked as not legitimised by the OBR at the behest of the Labour party itself.
We know that Labour has borrowed colossal amounts of money and is due to spend around half a trillion pounds more than the plans it inherited.
What has been the consequence of that?
It has been elevated inflation.
We now have the highest inflation in the G7, and the International Monetary Fund tells us that next year we will once again have the highest inflation in the G7.
The consequences of that, through monetary policy, are that interest rates will be higher for longer, bearing down on those who have mortgages and on businesses who wish to borrow.
Critically, when it comes to our burgeoning national debt, which is soaring under this Government, the costs of servicing that debt are now running at £100 billion a year, rising to £130 billion across this Parliament.
That is twice what we spend on defence.
Indeed, if the servicing of our debt were a Department of Government, it would be the third largest in Whitehall.
None of that money is going on public services.
It is simply going to pay off the creditors who are owed money as a consequence of the profligacy of the Labour party.
Would the right hon.
Gentleman agree that Liz Truss’s disastrous mini-Budget impacted on working families up and down this country, resulting in the astronomical mortgage interest rates that they are still struggling to fund?
We will take no lessons from the Labour party when it comes to the mismanagement of our economy.
What I have just set out has led to a Chancellor who had a Budget in October last year in which she blew all the headroom and more, rebuilt it in the spring and is now, as we all know, heading into the Budget on  26 November  with a gaping black hole that she will have to fill.
That is due to economic incompetence and it is causing huge uncertainty.
I speak to businesses up and down the country.
None of them know what to expect.
They are all fearful about the tax rises that are yet to come, and that is down to this Chancellor.
The consequence is that we have the highest level of unemployment in four years.