Before we come to today’s business, I wanted to note that on  Sunday 27 October , we marked the 75th anniversary of the rebuilding of this Chamber after it was bombed during the second world war and left destroyed.
The Chamber we sit in today remains a continuing symbol of resilience and renewal.
On the rebuilding of the Chamber, Prime Minister Winston Churchill described the House of Commons as
“the citadel of British liberty”.
This House and this Chamber continue to play a vital role at the heart of our democracy today.
I am sure the whole House will want to join me in marking this important anniversary.
I invite Members, at 11 am tomorrow, to attend the Chamber for a commemorative photo to mark the occasion.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What recent discussions she has had with her counterpart in the United Arab Emirates on the situation in Sudan.
I join you, Mr Speaker, in marking the 75th anniversary of the rebuilding of this Chamber and the tribute to democracy.
I know many people will have concerns for family and friends in Jamaica in the face of Hurricane Melissa, and I will make a further statement on the UK’s response during topical questions.
On Sudan, I strongly condemn the escalating violence in El Fasher and the very grave reports of civilian casualties and suffering.
It is estimated that between 200 and 300 civilians are in the city, at grave risk of atrocities, following the advance of the Rapid Support Forces.
I have held meetings and discussions, including at the UN General Assembly, and since then with a series of countries including the United Arab Emirates and members of the Quad as we call for a desperately needed ceasefire.
It has been widely reported in the press that the United Arab Emirates is arming the RSF in Sudan.
The RSF is one of the two warring factions in  Sudan, and it was found by the UN to be responsible for crimes against humanity including murder, torture, enslavement, rape and sexual violence.
As per UK Government export data, the UK exported nearly £750 million-worth of arms to the UAE via standard individual export licences between 2019 and 2023.
If the UAE is indeed arming the RSF, the UK is breaching its arms export licensing criteria, specifically criteria 1f, 2, 4, 6 and 7.
Importantly, those criteria look beyond considering whether UK-exported weapons ultimately reached Sudan, and they instead consider the UK’s international obligations.
Given this, what steps have the UK Government taken to verify whether the UAE is arming the RSF—
Order.
This is a very important subject, and other Members need to come in as well.
These are meant to be questions, rather than statements.
I recognise the importance of this matter, and I am sure you are going to come to the end of your question now.
My apologies, Mr Speaker.
Will the UK cease all arms shipments to the UAE until it is proven that the UAE is not arming the RSF?
Let me make two points in response to the hon.
Gentleman’s question.
First, as he will know, the UK has extremely strong controls on arms exports, including to prevent any diversion.
That remains important, and we will continue to take that immensely seriously.
Secondly, we need all countries with influence in the region to push the RSF and the Sudanese Armed Forces to ensure the protection of civilians.
There are real, deep concerns about atrocities in Sudan, including sexual violence and the use of rape as a weapon of war.
The hon.
Gentleman will be aware of the new work being done through the Quad countries—the US, Saudi Arabia, the UAE and Egypt—which have condemned the violence and called for an end to external support for the warring parties.
We are pressing for the urgent implementation of that work.