None of them know what to expect.
They are all fearful about the tax rises that are yet to come, and that is down to this Chancellor.
The consequence is that we have the highest level of unemployment in four years.
We know that every other Labour Government in history have left office with unemployment higher than that it was when they came into office.
In the retail, hospitality and leisure sector alone, 90,000 jobs have been destroyed under this Government.
Young people are bearing the brunt of these policies.
Under the Conservatives, youth unemployment fell by around 45%.
Under the last Labour Government, it rose by around the same amount, and this Government are on course to do that too.
Young people are particularly affected, because the national insurance changes involve not just an increase in the rate but a reduction in the threshold.
That affects young people who are desperate to get their first job and their foot on the career ladder the most.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that, even in such a short period of time, this Government are showing that it is they who cannot be trusted with the economy and the future of this country?
Is it not time they woke up to the reality?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
We see that in inflation, which is running at about twice the Bank of England’s target and about twice the rate that this Government inherited from us on the day of the general election.
Within that, we see food inflation rocketing up at over 4%, damaging and impoverishing the very people that Labour claims to want to stand up for.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that we also see hypocrisy?
An example would be Cabinet Ministers who say “Build, baby, build” while at the same time writing letters to the Mayor of London trying to block homes in their constituency.
As usual, my right hon.
Friend makes a characteristically poignant point.
There is another act of damage that this Government have created: some of the most successful high net worth wealth creators in our country have simply gone; they have left.
It is estimated that 16,000 have gone over the time that this Government have been in office.
Socialists will say, “Who cares?
Good riddance!”,
but they should dwell on the fact that the tax paid by those 16,000 people is probably equivalent to between a third of a million and half a million people on average earnings.
Hard-working people up and down our country are paying the price of Labour’s policies.
There are choices; it does not have to be like this.
We can reduce taxes if we get on top of and control Government spending.
At my party’s conference, we set out £47 billion-worth of savings across Government, including £23 billion in savings across the welfare budget.
What did the Government do when they tried to tackle the welfare budget?
They showed us that this is a Dad’s Army of a Government with a Captain Mainwaring of a Chancellor.
They are no match even for the rabble behind them.
We know that we need to have responsible tax cuts.
That means that they need to be funded and they need to lean into growth.
That is why we have announced that, were we in government, we would be abolishing stamp duty on primary residences.
It is one of the worst taxes in our tax system.
The OBR states that a 1% increase in stamp duty would lead to a decrease of between 5% and 7% in the number of transactions, yet on this Government’s watch, the stamp duty due on a home valued at £300,000 will have doubled during their time in office.
The shadow Chancellor is making a powerful speech.
Is he aware that recently in the Treasury Committee we were given evidence by a range of tax specialists, all of whom endorsed abolishing stamp duty?