His commitment to our allies and partners were not only reflected during his work as the Chief of Naval Operations, but during his distinguished service as the director of operations for NATO's Joint Force Command Lisbon and as Chief of Staff for Naval Striking and Support Forces NATO. Appointed to the role of Chief of Naval Operations in August 2019, Admiral Gilday has, in conjunction with the Congress's constitutional mandate in Article One, Section 8 ``To provide and maintain a Navy'', done outstanding work to keep our fleet relevant and oriented to challenges across the globe. Equipped with his striking educational background, as well as his history of deployments and command, his competent service as the head of naval operations has come to no surprise. It speaks volumes that he was the first three-star admiral to be appointed, to the position of Chief of Naval Operations in nearly half a century. Each of his prior missions have influenced a modernized national security perspective within him, and by extension from the top of the U.S. Navy down. As our Nation has shifted emphasis of our security strategy toward the Indo-Pacific region over the last decade-plus, Admiral Gilday has been a pioneer in adapting cyber preparedness and how best to prepare for and respond to competition or challenges to our collective freedom of the seas. He has been a steady presence in touring our Nation's industrial base capabilities, testifying to the U.S. Navy's needs before the House Armed Services Committee and a particular spokesperson in successfully advancing the cutting-edge vision of the AUKUS alliance. Mr. Speaker, as both Ranking Member and Chair of the House Armed Services' Seapower Projection Forces Subcommittee, I have had a front row seat to view his tenure. It was not an easy time, contending with an unstable budget environment, historic turnover in the Office of Secretary of the Navy from 2017 until 2020, and a global pandemic. Through it all, he maintained a steady hand on the helm of our fleet and the marine corps. Overcoming adversity is I believe the sternest test of leadership, and in my opinion, Admiral Gilday passed that test with flying colors. The weightiness of his sea legs will be incredibly difficult to replace, but we will welcome the new perspective brought on by the next Chief of Naval Operations. As Admiral Mike Gilday enters this new era of retirement with his wife, Linda, I ask that my colleagues in the House, and particularly those who serve on the House Armed Services Committee, to join me in recognizing his life of service to the Navy and the United States.