Is it not time to get the state out of the way, let our innovators innovate, and boost automotive businesses’ confidence by letting them deliver to actual consumer demand?
The hon.
Gentleman seems to have forgotten the extra investment that Nissan has announced, and the extra investment that has been announced by a number of other car manufacturers.
He and his colleagues were very clear in opposing the measures that we took in the Budget, including measures that backed investment in the automotive sector, and they set out no plans to pay for that investment.
I gently encourage him to reflect a little further on the mistakes that his party made in government, which have caused some of the problems that we are having to sort out now.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of Post Office closures on local communities.
The Post Office has the freedom to operate the branch network within the  parameters set by the Government.
We protect the network by setting minimum access criteria so that, in urban and rural areas, everyone has easy access to their nearest post office.
Those criteria ensure that however the network changes, services remain within local reach of all citizens.
The community of Plymstock in my constituency saw its main post office close in September 2021, when Morrisons closed more than 80 of its newsagents across the country; the post offices were essentially collateral damage.
Despite the best efforts of the community, my predecessor and councillors—including me, at the time—since the Post Office has downgraded the franchise on offer from main branch to post office local, it has been impossible to secure an operator due to the financial unviability of the model.
Yesterday, the final local branch announced that it will close later in the year.
What is the Minister doing to ensure that sustainable joint post office and banking services replace closing branches in constituencies like mine?
We have supported the Post Office in taking measures to increase sub-postmaster pay, to make it a more attractive profession to come into, in order to deal with precisely the issues that the hon.
Member set out.
She will understand that I do not have specific knowledge of the issues around the post office in her constituency, but I am always happy to challenge the Post Office on constituency issues, so if she would like to write or speak to me about this afterwards, I would be happy to look at the issue in more detail.
What steps he is taking to negotiate a free trade agreement with India.
As the Chancellor announced yesterday, the Secretary of State will travel to Delhi in February to relaunch trade talks with India.
Work is under way across Government to prepare for those negotiations as we seek a deal that drives economic growth.
An agreement with India, projected to be the fourth-largest global importer by 2035, could provide further opportunities for businesses across the UK and further unlock growth.
I thank my constituency neighbour for that update.
The previous Government had more than 15 rounds of trade talks with India before the general election, in both India and the UK.
Will the Government ensure that we in the UK gain access to the services market in India, which has previously been denied to UK firms?
That is the key issue in our negotiations.
If I remember rightly, the hon.
Member and I were probably the two most enthusiastic Members of this House for a trade deal with India—me slightly more than him, I think.
We are determined to do everything we can to secure a trade deal with India.
He will forgive me, I am sure, if I do not give a running commentary on our priorities for those trade talks with India, but they represent a significant prize for the UK if we can reach an agreement.