Are the Government, rather than promoting growth, not actually destroying it?
I think the right hon.
Gentleman needs to check his sources for comments from business leaders.
Only yesterday the British Chambers of Commerce, the CBI and the Federation of Small Businesses were making very positive comments about our plans for growth, and last week, interestingly, PwC published its annual survey of global CEOs to reveal that Britain was the second most attractive country in the world in which to invest.
That is something that I do not think the party opposite ever achieved.
Business confidence increases when businesses know that they have the skilled workforce they need in order to grow.
We have just had Nuclear Week in Parliament, and it was a pleasure to host Rolls-Royce and its apprentices.
Its nuclear skills academy is providing a pipeline of talent, and the same is needed across other industries—from technical skills to creative skills, and from multinationals to small businesses.
What cross-departmental discussions have Ministers had about helping businesses of all sizes to provide skills opportunities for our future workforce?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for her support for Rolls-Royce, which is one of our great British companies leading the way in many export markets across the world.
Only yesterday I was discussing with the Minister for Skills our plans to reform the growth and skills levy to make it easier for businesses such as Rolls-Royce to recruit apprentices and find the talent that they need to continue to be successful.
I call the shadow Minister.
I begin by drawing attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
When consumer confidence is low, business confidence is low, and nowhere is that more visible than in our automotive sector, with UK car production slumping to its lowest level since 1954.
Autocar magazine warned today that the zero emission vehicle mandate
“is currently the industry’s biggest headache, as…consumer demand is not there to meet the stringent regulations which are increasing each year.”
When policy fails, it is sensible to admit it and change course.
Will the Minister accept that the ZEV mandate flies in the face of what consumers actually want, and that a radically different path is required to boost business confidence in our automotive sector?
No, I do not accept that, and I would gently remind the hon.
Gentleman that the policy to which he has referred was introduced by his party.
I recognise that there are many aspects of the Conservative party’s record about which he and his colleagues are probably embarrassed.
The Liz Truss Budget—which the shadow Secretary of State,  the hon.
Member for Arundel and South Downs (Andrew Griffith) , helped to write—did huge damage to our country and to consumer confidence.
The measures that the Chancellor announced yesterday, for example, will drive growth forward, and that is one of the reasons why businesses backed them so strongly yesterday.
It normally takes longer than six months for a Government to drift that far from reality.
The Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders has predicted that just 775,000 cars will roll off production lines in 2025, compared to 1.3 million in 2019.
Today’s edition of The Telegraph reports:
“The slump has been accelerated by a slowdown in demand across Europe, particularly by drivers shunning new electric vehicles”.
Why does the Minister persist in a policy to undermine our automotive businesses by forcing them to make a product that people just do not want to buy?
Is it not time to get the state out of the way, let our innovators innovate, and boost automotive businesses’ confidence by letting them deliver to actual consumer demand?
The hon.
Gentleman seems to have forgotten the extra investment that Nissan has announced, and the extra investment that has been announced by a number of other car manufacturers.