I quote back to him what the head of the CBI said yesterday about our growth plan.
He said:
“This positive leadership and a…vision to kickstart the economy and boost productivity is welcome.”
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
In the week of Labour’s latest reset, how does the Minister reconcile imposing an additional £5 billion of costs on business—on the Government’s own figures—with growing the economy?
What was it about the breakfast with the Prime Minister that saw bosses laying off more workers 24 hours later?
I thank the shadow Secretary of State for his question.
We believe that a 0.4% increase in the overall pay bill, which is what we have estimated the Employment Rights Bill will mean for businesses, is actually a fantastic return for greater security at work, greater pay, better staff retention, increased productivity, making jobs more secure and family friendly, banning exploitative zero-hour contracts, supporting women in work in every stage of life, providing a genuine living wage, turning the page on industrial relations, and bringing an end to fire and rehire.
This is a pro-business, pro-growth, pro-worker agenda from the Government, and we are determined to deliver it.
If he will take steps to reduce the noise level of fireworks on public sale.
The Government understand the effects that fireworks can have on animals and vulnerable individuals.
Consumer fireworks have a 120 dB noise limit, but numerous low-noise options are available on the market at around 90 dB or below.
This year’s fireworks public information campaign has highlighted low-noise fireworks and the importance of considerate use.
Additionally, I am meeting businesses, consumer groups and charities at the conclusion of the fireworks season in the next coming week or two to discuss their concerns.
Antisocial fireworks keep our constituents awake, cause alarm for pets, and seriously affect people with post-traumatic stress disorder or special educational needs.
I know the Minister heard extensively from colleagues, campaigners and charities on this during the Westminster Hall debate on my Bill.
Will he meet me to discuss the implementation of the common-sense measures presented in my Fireworks Bill, including lowering the noise limit on fireworks sold to the public, closing the licensing loophole and reviewing social media and online sales?
It is always a pleasure to meet my hon.
Friend and I am happy to do so.
Indeed, we will see whether we can get her to come along to some of the other meetings that we are holding with interested groups, some of which she has mentioned.
May I wish a belated happy Chinese new year to all those who were celebrating yesterday?
One beauty of our great country is its diversity, but with that comes causes for celebration throughout the year.
My own community in South West Hertfordshire celebrates Diwali, Eid, Christmas, Chinese new year and other events, which often entails the use of fireworks.
There is an expectation of fireworks and the noise associated with them at the main events of Christmas and new year, so pet owners inevitably take safeguarding measures then, but given the likelihood of fireworks throughout the year, may I urge the Minister to get on to this Bill quickly, ensuring that we do not stifle the celebrations, but that we do protect our animals and those vulnerable children who may be affected by noise?
I thank the hon.
Member for his question.
He is right to recognise that fireworks are used at a number of events throughout the year, but it would be wrong to characterise that as people having to expect that there will be noise.
There is now a sufficient number of lower-decibel products on the market for everyone to act more responsibly, and we will be exploring that in our meetings over the coming weeks.
What progress his Department has made on developing an industrial strategy.
What progress his Department has made on developing an industrial strategy.