The Chairman of Ways and Means took the Chair as Deputy Speaker (Order,  28 January , and  Standing Order No.
3 ).
Bill read a Second time.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What progress his Department has made on establishing the business growth service.
Small businesses are critical to our economy and to the future of all our communities.
We will bring forward our small business strategy later this year to improve the environment for small businesses to grow.
As part of that work, we are consulting widely with small businesses and other stakeholders on the design of the business growth service, which we will launch later this year.
Before Christmas, I was pleased to meet some of the many microbusinesses operating in Osset and Denby Dale.
They told me that they previously felt that they had fallen through the cracks of Government policy and economic ambition.
How will the Minister’s business growth service assist those microbusinesses, as well as broader measures that the Government are taking to help smaller organisations to grow?
I commend my hon.
Friend on her support for the microbusinesses in her constituency.
We want to get behind all those who are willing to take the risk to set up their own business.
They help to make our communities more vibrant, they create jobs, and they generate the tax revenues that make our country stronger.
The business growth service will be designed to get businesses quicker access to the support they need from the Government, such as applying for a start-up loan, access to training and management support and help with exports.
I thank the Minister for his positive response to that question.
In Strangford, small businesses are the backbone of the community, and many people in those businesses work from home.
The business growth policy may be specific to England, but what discussions has the Minister had with the Department for Business and Trade in Northern Ireland to ensure that we benefit?
The hon.
Gentleman has always been a great champion of small businesses in his constituency and in Northern Ireland more generally.
We want the business growth service to complement the support that the Northern Ireland Executive and the Welsh and Scottish Governments already give their businesses, to improve the quality of advice and support available to all businesses in all parts of the UK.
What steps he plans to take to help reduce employment costs.
The Government are pursuing the reforms needed to deliver sustained long-term growth.
Developed and delivered in partnership with business, we have taken significant steps, including launching a consultation on the modern industrial strategy, establishing the national wealth fund, transforming our planning rules, committing to a 10-year infrastructure strategy and introducing the Employment Rights Bill to boost productivity.
We have also added extra protections for small businesses by increasing the employment allowance and freezing the small business rate multiplier.
I think the Minister may have misunderstood my question; I asked how he would reduce employment costs.
The president of the Confederation of British Industry recently said that, because of things like the Employment Rights Bill, employers will be laying people off and will be less likely to employ, and that is before the national insurance tax on employment imposed by this Government.
Does the Minister accept responsibility for the increase in unemployment that we are already seeing?
I think it is something of a stretch to say that a Bill that is not even law yet, most of the provisions of which will not come into force until next year, is driving unemployment already.
I quote back to him what the head of the CBI said yesterday about our growth plan.
He said:
“This positive leadership and a…vision to kickstart the economy and boost productivity is welcome.”
I call the shadow Secretary of State.