We stand ready to talk to them about whatever they need to remain.
The consultation finished on  24 January  and we await the final decision.
She makes a good point about Luton airport, which I use very often because there are very good train links from Croydon to Luton.
I should say that there are also  good train links from Croydon to Gatwick.
We know that the Secretary of State will be making a decision in due course, but the direction of travel on growth and breaking down barriers was clear in the Chancellor’s speech yesterday.
Despite the very brief answer given by Under-Secretary of State for Business and Trade, the hon.
Member for Ellesmere Port and Bromborough (Justin Madders) to the question asked by the hon.
Member for Maidenhead (Mr Reynolds), is he aware that there is widespread concern among small and medium-sized tech firms and trade associations about the replacement of the chair of the Competition and Markets Authority by a former Amazon executive?
Will the Government make clear their commitment to the operational independence of the CMA and the Digital Markets Unit, and to obtaining stronger competition in digital markets?
I can give the right hon.
Member that reassurance.
The independence of the CMA is very important.
That will remain in place and a new strategic steer will be issued shortly that will reaffirm that independence.
The pandemic exposed the woeful inadequacy of the previous Government’s statutory sick pay provisions, and I am pleased that this Government have committed to reforming those through the Employment Rights Bill.
Will the Minister look at the specific wording of the Bill to ensure there are no unintended consequences of the provisions on the removal of the lower earnings limit for statutory sick pay?
Will he meet me to ensure that all workers receive proper statutory sick pay and no one is left worse off?
The experience of the pandemic really brought home that millions of people in this country do not qualify for statutory sick pay.
We are determined to deal with that and I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss the issue in more detail.
Yesterday, out of the blue, Bank of Scotland announced that it will close five branches in my constituency, leaving hundreds of square miles of the rural south of Scotland without a single bank branch.
While we must work with Link and others to ensure access to cash in those communities, does the Minister share my concern not only that this will leave empty premises prominent on the high street, but that it sends a message that the banks are giving up on rural areas and on those who do not bank online?
I recognise that the right hon.
Gentleman’s constituents will be concerned about the Bank of Scotland’s decision.
He may know that more than 9,500 bank branches closed between 2010 and 2023.
That is why the Government are determined to ensure the much more widespread roll-out of banking hubs, with a commitment to roll out 350 banking hubs.
I strongly suggest to the right hon.
Gentleman that he get in contact with Link and Cash Access UK to make the case for a banking hub in his constituency.
If I can help in any way, I will be happy to consider doing so.
This week saw DeepSeek throw the global tech market into utter meltdown, with the Chinese AI app spooking investors, to say the least.
With huge national infra- structure projects required to underpin the UK’s place in the AI revolution, what does this turmoil mean for projects such as the Blackstone AI data centre in Cambois in Bedlingtonshire, in my constituency?
My hon.
Friend and I have previously talked about this great opportunity.
The rapid development and breakthrough of new AI models such as DeepSeek tell us that we need to go further and faster to remove barriers to innovation and make Britain the most competitive market.