Member and I were probably the two most enthusiastic Members of this House for a trade deal with India—me slightly more than him, I think.
We are determined to do everything we can to secure a trade deal with India.
He will forgive me, I am sure, if I do not give a running commentary on our priorities for those trade talks with India, but they represent a significant prize for the UK if we can reach an agreement.
The Secretary of State  and the Minister for Trade Policy and Economic Security are determined to work extremely hard and do everything they can to reach an agreement.
Although it is appreciated that a new trade deal with India could support jobs and prosperity in the UK and thus drive growth, will the Minister ensure that the talks include discussion of an agreement to the immediate release of my constituent Jagtar Singh Johal from arbitrary detention in India before any trade deal is concluded?
I recognise that this is a significant issue for my hon.
Friend.
We remain committed to encouraging the Government of India to make faster progress on resolving this case.
My right hon.
and learned Friend the Prime Minister raised this case with Prime Minister Modi on  18 November , and we have made clear the need for faster progress towards a resolution.
What steps his Department is taking to encourage entrepreneurship.
The Government continue to support entrepreneurs through, for example, start-up loans via the British Business Bank.
We will publish our small business strategy later this year, which will signal a clear, overarching ambition to promote entrepreneurship, and will articulate a new vision for business support, built around the new business growth service that I have alluded to.
Economies grow and jobs are created when individuals are able to take risks and invest in their ideas, so what have the Government done specifically since the general election to help more people in my constituency of Broxbourne become entrepreneurs?
One thing we need to continue to do is make it easier for entrepreneurs in the hon.
Member’s constituency and across the UK to access the finance that they need to set up their business.
We have given an extra £250 million to the British Business Bank, which will help to ensure that more people have access to finance across the country, including in his constituency.
We will publish our small business strategy later this year, in which he will see further measures to support entrepreneurs in Broxbourne and across the UK.
What specific support is being provided for women entrepreneurs?
They are the driving force behind small businesses in my Great Grimsby and Cleethorpes constituency, and deserve all the support that they can get.
I strongly support my hon.
Friend’s substantive point.
We are backing the Invest in Women taskforce, which was set up to increase the number of female-powered businesses.
We are looking at how to increase significantly the proportion of investment going to all-female founding teams; it has been stuck at just 2% of equity investment in the last decade.
That is one example of the things we need to change to help women-led businesses realise their full potential.
What steps his Department is taking to support businesses in the north-east.
The Government are investing £1.4 billion, with the North East combined authority, to deliver our shared objectives of economic growth and business support.
That includes the development of the local part of the industrial strategy, guiding investment to deliver sustainable economic growth, and delivering support to grow all businesses.
In 2023-24, there was £420,000-worth of direct support given to the North East Growth Hub, which provides businesses across the area with practical advice and support to grow and thrive.
Yesterday saw full-throated Government support for projects across the UK, but not so much for the north-east.
The region was decimated by 14 years of Tory Government, and that cannot be repeated.