The Secretary of State and the Minister for Trade Policy and Economic Security are at the funeral of the late, great John Prescott.
In this place, we remember him.
Yesterday, the Chancellor set out this Government’s plan for growth, our vision for the country and our path to putting more money in people’s pockets, reviving our high streets and supporting thriving businesses that create wealth, jobs and new opportunities.
I was in Davos last week with the Chancellor and the Business Secretary, and there was enthusiasm about investing in a country that believes in open and free trade, that is resetting its relationship with the EU, that is forging new free trade agreements and that is creating stability here in the UK economy.
It is little surprise that the UK has just been ranked by PwC as the second most attractive country in the world for investment.
We recognise that growth will not come without a fight, which is why we are pressing ahead with our industrial strategy, and channelling support for eight growth-driving sectors of our economy.
It is why we are developing our small business strategy and working across all Government Departments to deliver the growth we need.
We are supporting the Prime Minister’s plan for change, putting more money into people’s pockets and realising a new decade of national renewal.
Yesterday, the Chancellor announced that the Government will work with Mayor Ros Jones and the Mayor of South Yorkshire to reopen Doncaster airport, so will the Minister meet Doncaster MPs to discuss how the Department can meaningfully help?
Will she also acknowledge that the growth agenda will be a success only if areas like Doncaster, South Yorkshire and the north are a critical part of it?
My hon.
Friend makes a good point, and I would be happy to meet a group of MPs from her area.
The ambition on airport expansion was very clear in the Chancellor’s speech yesterday.
We are hungry for growth; we set that need alongside the need to decarbonise our airspace.
Yesterday, I chaired a meeting of industry experts looking at how we can turbocharge our decarbonisation of aviation.
I would be pleased to meet my hon.
Friend  the Member for Doncaster Central (Sally Jameson) , and I agree that we need to grow all parts of the UK to make this work.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Next week, members of the Public and Commercial Services Union in the Department for Business and Trade are once again out on strike.
Does the Minister consider the union’s demands to be reasonable?
Will Ministers cross picket lines to return to work?
The shadow Secretary of State shows a new-found respect for the trade unions, after the previous Government’s failure to engage with them caused multiple strikes and huge amounts of wasted money.
The contract is not directly with the Department, but obviously we work with PCS and all our trade unions.
I regularly meet our trade unions to make sure that we have good workers’ rights.
rose—
We need to keep questions and answers short and sharp.
The UK has the world’s largest deposits of polyhalite, which is used as a low-carbon fertiliser but is not on the Government’s list of critical minerals.
The extraction of polyhalite is being developed at the Woodsmith mine near Whitby, employing over 1,000 people.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss polyhalite’s inclusion on the critical minerals list, given the potential of the deposits at Woodsmith to cut carbon emissions, boost exports and create skilled jobs?
I met Anglo American to talk about Woodsmith just a couple of weeks ago when I was in Saudi Arabia, and it is an important site.
I promised to go and see it, so perhaps I can go with my hon.
Friend.