Have they recovered, and has anyone else been infected?
What are the wider risks to human health?
Elsewhere, one of the largest and most modern egg-laying sites in the country has been affected, with more than a million birds being culled.
Given the site’s significant role in processing the UK’s barn egg production, what discussions is the Minister having with the sector to mitigate the impact on supply?
Will he please update us on his discussions with the devolved Governments about introducing similar restrictions to those in England?
Of course birds, and indeed viruses, do not recognise borders.
How is he ensuring that compensation is made without delay, and how much is it costing?
Is the Department keeping the scheme under review, including the loss of profit for farmers and the conservation impacts for zoos housing rare and critically endangered species, such as the Bali starling at Battersea zoo, which I visited this week?
We are also concerned by reports that the avian influenza vaccination taskforce has stalled.
Is that correct and, if so, why?
Finally, DEFRA Ministers—
Order.
The shadow Minister is trying my patience.
We have a lot of business to get through today, and time limits are there for a reason.
I call the Minister.
I thank the shadow Secretary of State for her important questions.
First, I reassure her and the House that the individual in question is, in my understanding, making a full recovery, but obviously we want to ensure that no one is put at undue risk.
The advice is clear: the only people at risk are those who are in very close proximity.
People should follow the guidance and advice.
On mitigating sector supply, my understanding is there is sufficient supply within the system.
Although the right hon.
Member is absolutely right to raise the point that it was a significant and large producer that was affected, we are confident that supply is secure.
On working with the devolved Administrations, my officials are in regular contact, as I said in my opening statement.
The situation is being constantly monitored.
The right hon.
Member will be familiar with the compensation arrangements because they are the same as when she and her colleagues were in government.
They are designed to control the disease, but of course they are also absolutely important to secure cash flow for farmers.
My recollection from previous bouts of avian influenza is that there were serious problems with delays and with compensation, because farmers who were trying to do a preventive cull of their birds had to wait for an inspection to take place, and if that inspection had not taken place, compensation would not be given.
Therefore, some birds died from avian influenza that should have been culled, and some birds did not die but the compensation was not paid.
I would be grateful if the Minister updated the House on exactly what the new arrangements for compensation will be.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
He will recall the terrible outbreak a few years ago when exactly those questions were raised and, as the shadow Minister, I asked similar questions at the time.
The compensation arrangements were changed by the previous Government in a beneficial way, and I am absolutely confident at the moment that the delays we saw before are not happening.
But he raises an important point: anyone who has a suspicion of an outbreak should report it as soon as possible, and they should not be concerned that they will suffer detriment from so doing.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Farmers and vets will remember the 2022 outbreak, which was the biggest we had seen in the UK and which killed millions of birds worldwide, so this new outbreak is of huge concern for three major reasons.