But he raises an important point: anyone who has a suspicion of an outbreak should report it as soon as possible, and they should not be concerned that they will suffer detriment from so doing.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Farmers and vets will remember the 2022 outbreak, which was the biggest we had seen in the UK and which killed millions of birds worldwide, so this new outbreak is of huge concern for three major reasons.
First, there is the impact on animal welfare, not just the birds catching avian influenza and dying or being culled, but their having to be kept inside rather than being free range.
Secondly, there is the impact on farmers, their businesses and their mental health.
As with any notifiable disease, this is hugely stressful, and it is hugely disruptive to business models.
What are we doing to ensure that compensation and support are given to farmers quickly?
Thirdly, there is a huge potential impact on public health.
While we fully understand that there is a low public health risk at the moment—this is a disease of birds—we have just come out of covid-19.
We know that if someone is infected with human flu and potentially gets infected with avian influenza, there is a risk that it becomes more infectious to humans.
What discussions is the Minister having with APHA and the Department of Health and Social Care to monitor the genotypes?
Let me deal first with the second of those two questions.
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right.
Of course there is concern, but I can assure him and the House that the advice from the UK Health Security Agency is that avian influenza is primarily a disease of birds, and the risk to the health of the general public is very low.
However, of course we are monitoring it, and genetic testing and sequencing is available to us for that.
He is right about the impact on bird keepers and on farmers.
It is why the compensation scheme is in place and working.
We absolutely recognise the pressures on people and the effect on their mental health.
Has the Minister assessed the Conservative Government’s underspend of the agriculture budget?
We have indeed assessed it.
Of course, it is extraordinary that that happened.
In terms of what we are doing, the system is well resourced to deal with these outbreaks, and we work in a cross-party way on that.
This outbreak is concerning for the whole of Norfolk, and particularly for the bird-rearers in Broadland and Fakenham, but it highlights the critical importance of the Animal and Plant Health Agency in New Haw, and the plan for its full redevelopment.
Do the Government agree that that redevelopment is long overdue, and if so, will they commit to supporting it?
I thank my hon.
Friend—and he is a friend—for his concern.
Of course, this is of particular concern and interest to representatives from the east of England, and I share that concern.
We have discussed the future of Weybridge and the investment many times before.
I gently point out that the Conservative Government had the opportunity over 14 years to make that investment.
Over £200 million has been allocated by this Government, and we will continue to make sure that the agency is properly resourced.
I call the Chair of the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee.
I do not think anybody would disagree with the comments by  the hon.
Member for Broadland and Fakenham (Jerome Mayhew)  about the redevelopment of the facility  at Weybridge, but I suspect that once avian influenza is in the wild bird population, as it is here, even the best facility in the world will struggle to contain it.
On disease containment, I remember the absolutely heartbreaking experience of walking along beaches in Orkney and seeing dead body after dead body.