Friend to discuss the specific concerns he has mentioned, if he thinks that would be useful.
Falkirk High Street is the beating heart of our district, with recent additions including Barracuda chippy, El Toro Gaucho steakhouse, Greek Theory restaurant and Rock Bottom beer hall.
Many Falkirk town centre businesses still raise with me the hardship they have faced because of cost rises and utility, rent and parking increases over a number of years, as well as rental value threshold changes by the Scottish Government, which have contributed to decreased footfall and failing business over a number of years.
While I welcome the Government’s commitment to shifting  the burden away from the high street, will the Minister outline what further steps he is taking to support my high street, and what engagement he has had with the Scottish Government to support shifting the rate burden away from Falkirk High Street taxpayers?
I referred to the establishment of the business growth service in answer to an earlier question.
We are working with the Scottish Government to begin to think through how that service can support businesses in Scotland and complement the support already provided by the Scottish Government.
We are clear on the need to reform business rates to support retail, hospitality and leisure businesses on the high street.
I am very happy to meet my hon.
Friend if he thinks there are further initiatives we can take to help small businesses in Falkirk.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
R Young Art Gallery is the last art gallery in Wokingham town centre and a proud feature of our high street.
However, political inactivity on business rates reform means that it is on the precipice of closing.
I was shocked to learn that it is the impending cuts to business rate relief, with no measures in the short term to provide financial support, that have led the owner to fear for the survival of his business.
High streets across the country continue to struggle.
What is the Minister doing to ensure that small, independent businesses such as R Young Art Gallery are supported?
One reason why the Conservatives lost the confidence of the British business community was that despite repeated promises to reform business rates, they took no steps to do so.
We announced plans in the Budget, back in October, to reform business rates and introduce permanently lower rates for retail, hospitality and leisure businesses.
The Conservatives were going to end business rates relief for retail, hospitality and leisure; we have chosen to extend it.
We also announced in the Budget that we were looking at what further steps we could take on business rates reform.
What assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the UK in attracting international investment.
What assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the UK in attracting international investment.
Through increased inward investment, we can innovate, create jobs and deliver on our growth mission to become the fastest-growing nation in the G7.
We have wasted no time: on top of the £63 billion raised at our international investment summit, our new national wealth fund has already leveraged £1.6 billion of private sector investment, and we have outlined ambitious plans for planning reform alongside a modern industrial strategy to secure record levels of investment.
I am honoured to have been appointed as the UK trade envoy to Pakistan.
Given the growing financial pressure on UK universities, with several leading institutions announcing job cuts amid the deepening funding crisis, what steps is the Department taking to foster stronger educational partnerships with Pakistan to help alleviate financial pressures in the sector in the UK, while supporting Pakistan’s educational goals?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on his appointment as the trade envoy to Pakistan.
I can think of no one better, and I know he will make a big difference in that role.