A few weeks ago, I asked the Minister if he would visit the site with me to see for himself the work that needs to be done and the urgent need for massive investment in the site.
Do we have to wait until the next urgent question or statement before he will take me up on my offer?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his invitation.
I have had numerous invitations.
Last week, I was in Northumberland looking at rural crime, and this week I was at the Fenland SOIL—sustainability, opportunity, innovation, learning—conference.
I will add the hon.
Gentleman’s invitation to my list.
For my daughter’s second birthday, I took her to the wonderful Birdland in Gloucestershire, which has hundreds of different exotic and rare birds.
Could the Minister please tell me how he is going to support that type of business model and how he is going to keep staff and visitors safe?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his important question.
Everything we do to stop the spread will help businesses such as the one he described.
Some specific rules and regulations also apply in those particular cases, which I can make available to him if he wishes.
Does the Minister accept that avian influenza represents an existential threat to businesses such as Kelly Turkeys in my constituency?
Paul Kelly has called this the covid of the poultry industry.
Does the Minister accept that it is likely, as with covid, that the only way forward will be vaccination?
The right hon.
Gentleman raises an important point.
As he will be aware, significant international trade issues are involved, but as we look to a world in which we seem to have more and more of these cases, that is certainly something that we keep under consideration.
I thank the Government for their strong and fast response, which I know will be a big reassurance for lots of the farming communities impacted.
May I ask the Minister to provide a bit more detail about the support we are giving not just to those who are directly impacted now, but to those who are understandably very deeply concerned about what this may mean for their businesses over the coming months?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his very important question.
I can assure him that an entire apparatus is in place to ensure that all reassurance can be given to the kind of businesses that  the right hon.
Member for Maldon (Sir John Whittingdale)  described.
From an animal welfare point of view, we will ensure that everybody involved in the sector has the kind of  advice and support that is needed.
If my hon.
Friend has colleagues who wish to look at the advice, they should look at the webpages available on Government websites, which are significant and thorough.
If people need advice, they should not hesitate to come to my officials or to me, and we will point them in the right direction.
I thank the Minister very much for his response to the urgent question.
Poultry and egg production contributes significantly to the Northern Ireland economy—it is valued at some £600 million—so it is little wonder that the agricultural community has great concerns.
What discussions has the Minister had with the devolved nations, particularly the Northern Ireland Assembly, about putting in place the support that is needed, taking into account that wild bird cases have been found in the last two weeks in Northern Ireland?
I am, as ever, grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for raising the issue as it impacts Northern Ireland.
We have been developing a UK-wide response to this, and my officials are in constant contact with officials from his Administration.
We will ensure that this UK-wide response continues to be in place, because it is very important that we work together on all these issues.