Scrupulous biosecurity by all birdkeepers at all times is essential to protect the health and welfare of flocks.
In response to the heightened risk levels and escalating number of cases, an avian influenza prevention zone, mandating enhanced biosecurity, is in force across England, Wales and Scotland.
In addition, mandatory housing for kept birds is in force across the unitary authority of the East Riding of Yorkshire, the unitary authority of York, the city of Kingston upon Hull and all districts in Lincolnshire, Norfolk and Suffolk, North Yorkshire and Shropshire, to mitigate the risk of further outbreaks of disease occurring.
In areas where an AIPZ is in force, it is a legal requirement for all birdkeepers, whether they have pet birds, commercial flocks or just a few birds in a backyard flock, to follow strict biosecurity measures to limit the spread of, and eradicate, the disease, including—when mandatory housing measures are a requirement of an AIPZ—a requirement to keep their birds housed.
The need for an AIPZ is kept under regular review as part of the Government’s work to monitor and manage the risks of avian influenza.
Together with the devolved Governments, we will closely monitor the need to extend mandatory housing to other areas of the country.
While avian influenza is primarily considered a disease of birds, it can infect humans, although this is a very rare event in the UK and the risk to the general public remains very low.
Nevertheless, protecting public health remains of paramount importance, and DEFRA and the APHA work closely with regional UK Health Security Agency health protection teams to monitor the situation and provide health advice to persons at infected premises and those who have been in close contact with infected wildlife as a precaution.
As a further reassurance, the Food Standards Agency has confirmed that avian influenza poses a very low food safety risk for UK consumers.
Properly cooked poultry and poultry products, including eggs, are safe to eat.
DEFRA and the APHA will continue to work with birdkeepers, who are on the frontline of this terrible disease.
Compensation is paid for any healthy kept birds culled.
As the House will know, compensation was updated to involve earlier assessment of the number of healthy birds and swifter calculation of compensation.
That allows DEFRA to provide earlier certainty about entitlement to compensation, better reflects the impact of outbreaks on premises, and leads to swifter payments to help to stem any cash-flow pressures.
Order.
I am sure that the Minister has concluded his remarks.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
This is a very difficult time for birdkeepers and farmers, particularly those whose birds have died or been culled, and all those who have had to upend their flocks and move them inside, given the impact that doing so can have on both the mental and economic resilience of individuals.
I thank everyone who is involved in tackling avian influenza, and is working tirelessly to prevent the spread of this disease, including in my constituency.
I thank the Minister for his response.
I regret that the Secretary of State has not made an oral statement on this important matter; particularly in the light of the revelation that a farm worker has been infected with avian influenza, I would have thought that the Secretary of State would have thought to update the House.
However, we have managed to secure this urgent question, for which I am grateful.
On the subject of the farm worker infected with the virus in the west midlands, first, how is this person?
Have they recovered, and has anyone else been infected?
What are the wider risks to human health?
Elsewhere, one of the largest and most modern egg-laying sites in the country has been affected, with more than a million birds being culled.