The hon.
Gentleman is also right to highlight the appalling maternity situation.
The Secretary of State and my noble Friend Baroness Merron, who leads in this area, have met many families to discuss their experiences, and we know those experiences are unacceptable.
We know there are big issues around staffing, and it is a priority to work with NHS England to make sure that we grow workforce capacity as quickly as possible so that we can be sure that those situations are safe.
There are many debates in this place about the issue and we will continue to update the House.
Under the last Government, five times more research went into erectile dysfunction, which affects 19% of men, than went into premenstrual syndrome, which affects 90% of women.
Women are waiting more than eight years for endometriosis diagnoses.
GPs are not required to undertake a gynaecological rotation within their training.
Women’s health must be put at the head of our agenda.
Will the Minister assure women in this country that things will change under this Government?
I absolutely will give my hon.
Friend that assurance.
The situation will change partly because there are more people like her and more women in this place.
We have more women across all parties raising this issue and more women in senior positions in the National Institute for Health and Care Research.
Crucially, we have women leading in science and research.
Dealing with the misogyny around the system and in medical systems is also important for making sure that women lead this work.
We want to make sure that the NIHR, which has a strategy to address this issue, rectifies the situation that she outlines.
The Minister will be aware of the Ockenden report back in 2022, which highlighted the tragic cases of more than 200 mothers and babies who were killed over a period of years at the Shrewsbury and Telford Hospital NHS Trust.
Donna Ockenden recently returned to the trust and said that she was surprised and disappointed to hear from those parents and families affected that the trust had not been communicating as well as it should have been and had not been updating the families in a timely manner.
Does the Minister agree not only that communication is key, but also that reviews, such as those undertaken by Donna Ockenden, should have the remit to go back to check and monitor the progress of maternity services that are either improving or not?
I completely agree with the right hon.
Member.
Donna Ockenden’s work is hugely valuable, and a lot of faith and trust has been placed in it, particularly by families.
I do not know specific dates, but the Secretary of State and my noble Friend Baroness Merron, who leads on this work, have been discussing the matter with Donna Ockenden.
I am happy to get back to the right hon.
Member with the details.
On the specific point about the remit, I do not know the answer to that question.
It is entirely sensible to look at progress and learn from mistakes.
I know it is a  challenge system, and we have to learn from those areas.
If there are specific things to report back to the right hon.
Member, I will get back to him, but this issue is absolutely a priority.
The Secretary of State is meeting families directly.
We know and understand that we have to do much better on this for everybody.
Having listened to the shadow Minister, I am slightly tempted to suggest to the Minister that our women’s health strategy include provision for the treatment of collective memory loss.
The shadow Minister completely ignored the fact that the Tories let our NHS fall into disrepute over the past 14 years.
I want to ask specifically about how our health strategy will deal with treatment and support for young people, particularly young women, suffering from depression and anxiety.