Over the past week, the UK Government have committed to support a runway in London, a football stadium in Manchester and a science corridor for Oxford and Cambridge, yet for the past year, Conservative and Labour Governments have failed to act to secure the long-term future of Grangemouth, after INEOS announced the closure of the oil refinery.
Despite general election promises to step in and save the plant, why are the Labour Government willing to jeopardise jobs at Grangemouth, the country’s energy security, which the Minister has just spoken passionately about the need to secure, and the wider industrial strategy through this inaction?
The hon.
Member will be pleased to hear that we have re- established a working group with the Scottish First Minister and the Welsh and Northern Irish leaderships to make sure we are working collectively, because we do not want to take a party political approach to the growth of all our nations.
We are collaborating well with the Scottish Government on Grangemouth, where we are working at pace and putting in investment and support.
We are working to transition people from North sea oil and gas into the new energies of the future.
There is the passport that we published, and we have set up Great British Energy, which will be headquartered in Aberdeen.
A lot of work is going on, and we need the Scottish Government to support us in that work.
We will work in partnership, because that is what will create good jobs.
The chemical industry is an important employer in my constituency, with the HEX Group and SI Group employing many people.
As mentioned, Sir Jim Ratcliffe is already highlighting the extinction of the British chemical industry.
My chemical manufacturers need to ensure that they are buying energy at the same price as manufacturers in Germany, the Netherlands and France.
When will they be able to do that?
The chemical industry has been suffering for many years because of the previous Government’s economic policies, crashing the economy under Liz Truss and failing to deal with energy prices over multiple  years.
I have met the chemical industry.
It is an important part of our economy, and we need to do what we can to protect it.
I am having conversations, and we are building our energy policies.
We are building our industrial strategy.
Word salad!
Word salad?
Gosh.
That abuse from the Opposition Front Bench has cut me to the core.
The industrial strategy has set out eight sectors that will turbocharge the economy.
Across all those sectors lie our foundational sectors, of which the chemical industry is one.
We will support that industry in a way that his Government failed to do.
I call the shadow Minister.
I will try to avoid a word salad.
We have heard from various different industrial sectors how important it is to have stable and predictable energy costs.
This month has seen little sun and only intermittent wind, so we have been heavily dependent on imported oil and gas.
Are Ministers in the Department for Business and Trade challenging the Energy Secretary over his policies?
I am disappointed by the hon.
Lady’s approach to this matter, and I am disappointed by the Conservative party’s overall abandonment of previously strongly held views about the need to balance climate change with our economy.
It is a fact that we are moving faster towards renewable energy.
Last year, 50% of our energy came from renewables for the first time.
We are growing them at pace because they are cheaper.
Onshore wind is the cheapest form of energy we have, solar is very cheap and floating offshore wind brings us huge opportunities.
Renewables will bring our costs down and make sure we are energy secure, and they go hand in glove with growth, as the Chancellor set out in her speech yesterday.