I congratulate my hon.
Friend on his appointment as the trade envoy to Pakistan.
I can think of no one better, and I know he will make a big difference in that role.
The Government took the decision to reappoint Professor Sir Steve Smith as our international education champion to ensure that the UK-Pakistan education partnership’s work continues as part of the international education strategy, which is now jointly led by the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office, the Department for Education and the Department for Business and Trade.
Led by Sir Steve, the UK has worked closely with the Pakistan Higher Education Commission on revising Pakistan’s new transnational education policy.
That work will continue, and I am sure my hon.
Friend will bring great help to it.
The south-west is home to an incredibly important economy based on defence, food security, space, maritime, and, in Exeter, life sciences and climate tech and research.
We are also home to huge green energy potential, utilising floating offshore wind.
However, we currently need investment in our port facilities so that the new green jobs will be based in the south-west, not in France or elsewhere.
Will the Minister meet me, along with colleagues and the sector, to discuss to the future of green energy generation in the south-west?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
I saw the talent and potential for myself when I visited Exeter in September for Great South West’s annual conference.
I am visiting the region again in a few weeks, because there is huge potential, huge excitement and huge opportunities to grow.
As he knows, there is £1.8 billion from the national wealth fund to invest in our ports.
I am very happy to meet him and others to see what potential we can discuss.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I declare an interest: a family member has shares in a medical company.
In the United States, President Trump created chaos by freezing funding for the National Institutes of Health, and his nominee for US Health Secretary is an anti-vaccine conspiracy theorist.
The United Kingdom has the perfect opportunity to seize this moment and make ourselves a beacon for global research investment.
Already, Wokingham has many pharmaceutical businesses, such as Becton Dickinson and Hollister.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure we attract global life sciences sectors to the UK?
I was in Davos last week meeting representatives from the life sciences industry and talking about the huge potential for growth that we have in the UK.
One of the eight sectors we have identified as part  of the industrial strategy, is life sciences, where we have huge talent and huge skills.
We need to build on that and be really ambitious in what we can deliver.
Through the industrial strategy and the work with the brilliant industries we have in this country, we can do just that.
What steps he is taking to help increase business confidence.
As the Chancellor of the Exchequer said only yesterday, we are driving forward planning reforms, boosting capital investment by over £100 billion over the next five years, and creating the national wealth fund.
We are launching the business growth service and will soon publish our modern industrial strategy, which will be unreservedly pro-business.
Business leaders, not surprisingly, have backed those measures.
But the Minister will be aware that in the last few weeks the CBI, the Institute of Directors and the London chamber of commerce have all said that business confidence is plummeting.
Given the tsunami of national insurance contribution increases, business rates increases and employment cost rises, is it not hardly surprising that confidence is being destroyed?
Are the Government, rather than promoting growth, not actually destroying it?
I think the right hon.
Gentleman needs to check his sources for comments from business leaders.