Unusually, I will give a bit of credit to the other side, because a lot of this was rolled out and it was good practice, and the system still thinks that it is good practice, so sometimes Opposition Members should take a win.
We are committed to that, it is embedded in the system, and we look forward to outcomes being improved for women.
I call the Chair of the Women and Equalities Committee.
The Committee report on women’s reproductive health, started under our fantastic predecessors, laid out how medical misogyny has left far too many women suffering.
Women have been left undiagnosed for debilitating conditions such as endometriosis for an average of eight years—not for treatment, for diagnosis.
Black women are four to five times more likely to die during childbirth, and the rate of maternal death in the UK has risen by 15% in the last 10 years.
The leading cause of that is suicide, accounting for 39% of deaths in the first year postpartum.
Does the Minister therefore agree that women, and women of colour especially, have borne the brunt too often of 14 years of disastrous health policies?
How can the Government reverse this trend?
I thank the Committee Chair for her question.
I think she was congratulating the previous Committee and Chair rather than those who are now in opposition.
I was very pleased to witness some of that work when we were in opposition, and she is absolutely right about it.
The work of many women Members when in opposition, and, to be fair, of many women in the previous Government, have made sure that issues around endometriosis have risen up the agenda; indeed, we had a good debate in the Chamber recently.
We are committed to taking forward the strategy.
We think the health hubs, for example, are doing a good job, but there is a lot of learning to be done on them, and we will continue to do that.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Nearly 600,000 women are waiting for treatment on gynaecology waiting lists in England; the longest waits are leading to preventable diseases progressing and it is one of the worst specialties for long waits.
The Care Quality Commission has investigated and reported that 65% of maternity units are not as safe as they should be.
That high number could almost be considered a public health crisis, and it has led to the highest amount of negligent payouts due to avoidable injury and even death.
This absolutely needs to be addressed.
Many women, such as my partner Emma, have had to fight for years to get just a diagnosis for endometriosis, let alone any treatment, having been told for years that the symptoms are completely normal and do not need investigating.
In the Government’s—
Order.
I know I am being difficult on time limits, but the Liberal Democrat spokes- person should have one minute in an urgent question, which the hon.
Gentleman has already far exceeded.
Perhaps he will come up with a question in one sentence for the Minister.
Apologies, Madam Deputy Speaker.
Yes, in one sentence: the Government’s manifesto rightly said that
“Never again will women’s health be neglected”.
Can we have assurances that we will not remove the ICB requirement to have women’s health hubs?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to highlight those long waits.
That is why we particularly highlighted gynaecology for attention in the elective reform plan.
It is shocking that the last Government left 600,000 women on these lists, and moving back to making sure people wait no longer than 18 weeks will predominantly be helping those women.
The hon.
Gentleman is also right to highlight the appalling maternity situation.
The Secretary of State and my noble Friend Baroness Merron, who leads in this area, have met many families to discuss their experiences, and we know those experiences are unacceptable.