Gentleman for raising the issue as it impacts Northern Ireland.
We have been developing a UK-wide response to this, and my officials are in constant contact with officials from his Administration.
We will ensure that this UK-wide response continues to be in place, because it is very important that we work together on all these issues.
I hope in the not-too-distant future to continue my tour of the country, and I very much look forward to taking up his long-standing invitation—not only to Stormont, where I have been before, but to his fishing sector—and the very warm welcome that I know I will receive.
Order.
The sitting is suspended.
Sitting suspended.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care if he will make a statement on the women’s health strategy.
I thank the hon.
Lady for giving me the opportunity to set out our commitment to the women’s health strategy and everything that this Government are doing to fix our broken NHS, clean up the mess that the Conservatives left after 14 years and get women treated on time again.
When we came into office we inherited record waiting lists.
The gynaecology waiting list stood at just under 600,000 women.
Let that sink in—600,000 women in pain, waiting to be cared for.
Almost half the women on gynaecology waiting lists are waiting more than 18 weeks.
That is why the Prime Minister kicked off 2025 with our elective reform plan, setting out how we will cut the longest waiting lists from 18 months to 18 weeks.
Our new agreement with the independent sector will mean that, where there is spare capacity in the private sector, women will be treated faster for gynaecology care, paid for by the state.
The Government are also committed to rooting out the appalling inequalities in maternity care.
We are supporting failing trusts to make rapid improvements, training thousands more midwives for the first time, and we will set an explicit target to close the black and Asian maternal mortality gap.
We are piloting a training programme to help avoid brain injury for babies in childbirth and, if successful, we will crack on with rolling it out nationally this year.
In October, we extended the baby loss certificate service to help mums and dads who have suffered the heartbreak of pregnancy loss.
Let me also address the issue of women’s health hubs.
There was a target in last year’s planning guidance to roll out pilot women’s health hubs across the country by last December.
Today, there are at least 80 hubs, and at least nine out of every10 integrated care systems have an open women’s health hub.
Let me correct some fake news.
We are not closing these hubs; we are not cutting them.
The target to roll them out was in last year’s planning guidance.
It was achieved in 93% of integrated care systems, which is why the target is not repeated in this year’s guidance—it has been met in 39 out of 42 areas.
Today, we have slimmed down the number of targets for the NHS so that we can focus on fixing the fundamentals —the system that the previous Government broke.
We are instructing the NHS to prioritise: cutting waiting times for operations, A&E and ambulances; making it easier for people to see a GP or a dentist; and improving the mental health of the nation.
That will mean around 60,000 women with suspected cancer are diagnosed earlier and treated faster; more than 200,000 extra women will be treated within 18 weeks, as we drive down long waits; and fewer women will be forced to wait 12 hours in A&E. That is the difference that a Labour Government are making to women’s health.
For too long, a woman’s experience of the health service has been one of being pushed from pillar to post.