I do not think anybody would disagree with the comments by  the hon.
Member for Broadland and Fakenham (Jerome Mayhew)  about the redevelopment of the facility  at Weybridge, but I suspect that once avian influenza is in the wild bird population, as it is here, even the best facility in the world will struggle to contain it.
On disease containment, I remember the absolutely heartbreaking experience of walking along beaches in Orkney and seeing dead body after dead body.
Is the Minister engaging with the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds and other major organisations so that he can at least be aware of the impact on the wild bird population?
I thank the Chair of the Select Committee, who is absolutely right.
We have heard harrowing accounts in this Chamber of the experiences in Members’ local communities—the situation with wild birds is awful.
Of course, officials and I are constantly in dialogue with those organisations, but the truth is that in the wild bird population there is not much we can do about it.
I have one of the UK’s largest egg producers in my constituency.
However, the other trend is that more birds are being kept in a domestic situation—hens, geese and ducks.
How are the Government monitoring those who are not professional bird keepers and ensuring that such situations are also subject to the necessary control and regulation?
The right hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right.
The importance of biosecurity cannot be overstressed —that is the way to tackle this.
He is also right to say that amateurs and small bird keepers are important, and that is why they were brought within the registration scheme, which is beneficial and welcome.
Scientists at the University of Glasgow found last month that avian influenza can spread to horses without any symptoms.
Will the Minister clarify how the Government are monitoring the spread of the virus among other species?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right: we need to be very careful about that.
I can assure her that those are exactly the kinds of discussions that I am having with officials.
We are tracking that and have the technology these days to look closely at what is going on.
I will not go into the expert account on the Floor of the House of how the serotype works, but I am happy to put her in contact with officials if she needs more information.
I thank the Minster for his update to the House about the spread of avian flu.
I want to ask a couple questions.
First, as this is happening in cities as much as in rural areas, how are people who live in cities being made aware that they should look out for dead or dying birds so that we can get a more accurate reflection of where it is spreading?
Secondly, what discussions has he had with Departments of the Scottish Government to ensure that we have reliable and up-to-date data across these islands?
The hon.
Gentleman makes strong points.
I think there is general awareness of, and concern about, what is going on.
It is important to say to people  that, if they have concerns and they see such things, they should report them.
On our work with the devolved Administrations, we have a very strong structure that allows all the devolved Administrations to be involved so that we have a consistent framework.
Again, we rely on the facilities at the Animal and Plant Health Agency, based in New Haw in my constituency, and we thank it for its work.
A few weeks ago, I asked the Minister if he would visit the site with me to see for himself the work that needs to be done and the urgent need for massive investment in the site.
Do we have to wait until the next urgent question or statement before he will take me up on my offer?
I am grateful to the hon.