Does the Minister agree that we need more expertise in women’s health issues in primary care settings to ensure early diagnosis and that women get the treatment they need at the earliest point?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point about both the work of the Chair of the Select Committee, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Luton North (Sarah Owen) , and the importance of primary and community care recognising, listening to and supporting women through women’s health, as well as making sure that our knowledge and good practice is spread across the team.
This is an area where different systems have women’s health hubs using different teams and different technology, and they have different links to secondary care colleagues and specialist colleagues.
By listening to each other and working together, they are so good at spreading some of that good practice.
I welcome the Minister coming to the House to answer the urgent question, because the argument she is putting forward seems slightly confused.
First, women’s health hubs seem to be working on the whole, and there are lots of them, so why remove the target for everybody to have them if we are already 90% there?
Secondly, many of the hubs seem to be doing good work, and best practice is clearly emerging, so why cancel the target for the programme rather than spread that good practice throughout the system?
I think the broad question from the Opposition is: why remove the targets specifically relating to women from the Government’s agenda going forward?
It feels to many women and to the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists, which has been in contact with me, that that downgrades the status of women in the NHS.
I will try to be brief, but this is hard to explain—[Interruption.]
No, this is to answer the right hon.
Gentleman.
Targets in the NHS have not been met since 2015, which was under his Government’s watch but, actually, this target has been met—there are only three places in the country that do not have a hub—so there is no target for them because that has already been met.
The issue now is to look at the outcomes from those hubs to see how they are performing.
We think, and the system thinks, that they do a good job.
That is why they are staying, why we are committed to them, and why we want to learn from them.