There is now a sufficient number of lower-decibel products on the market for everyone to act more responsibly, and we will be exploring that in our meetings over the coming weeks.
What progress his Department has made on developing an industrial strategy.
What progress his Department has made on developing an industrial strategy.
What progress his Department has made on developing an industrial strategy.
What progress his Department has made on developing an industrial strategy.
This Department and, indeed, Departments across Government are working extensively on developing our industrial strategy, which the Conservative party opposes, but which business and industry welcome.
Last month, we launched the Industrial Strategy Advisory Council, comprising a very impressive group of the UK’s top business leaders, policy experts and trade union leaders.
My right hon.
Friends the Chancellor and the Secretary of State for Business and Trade attended the council’s inaugural meeting on  17 December .
In addition, we are currently analysing more than 3,000 responses to the Industrial Strategy Green Paper from businesses, academics, think-tanks and unions, and their insights and feedback are incredibly valuable as we develop the strategy.
I strongly welcome the inclusion of defence in the draft industrial strategy and was pleased yesterday to host a roundtable in Sedgefield with the Minister for Defence Procurement and Industry.
Many of the innovative small and medium-sized enterprises that we talked to spoke of the struggles that they have with red tape, bureaucracy and contracting with Departments across Whitehall.
How will Ministers grab the opportunity of the industrial strategy to remove this red tape, which too often can thwart SME growth?
I am really pleased my hon.
Friend held that roundtable.
It is quite a turning point to have an industrial strategy with defence as one of the sectors; building new relationships across Departments with colleagues who work in defence is a really powerful and important thing to do.
He speaks to a wider problem face by a lot of industry when it comes to dealing with Government agencies and Departments.
We are working hard to make these things easier, because growth is our priority and we have to break down those barriers.
It is essential that the Government’s industrial strategy creates manufacturing jobs across the country, including in my constituency.
The RenewableUK  offshore wind industrial growth plan shows the UK can be a global technology leader in advanced turbine tech, foundations, electrical systems and cables.
Will my hon.
Friend commit to using our industrial strategy to ensure there is growth in these areas to put British manufacturing at the heart of the clean energy transition?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question, for her defence of her constituency and for her ambitions, which we share.
I believe the report she refers to came out before this Labour Government came to power.
With our new policies and the new drive and ambition from our Secretaries of State for Business and Trade and for Energy Security and Net Zero, we are powering forward with our renewable agenda, and we will make sure that all of our growth driving sectors speak to my hon.
Friend’s area and everyone’s area of the country and drive growth across the board.
Manufacturers in my constituency are really excited about the upcoming industrial strategy and all the growth that will bring.
However, steel and aluminium businesses in particular are concerned about the upcoming carbon border adjustment mechanism, the gap with the EU, and whether the whole system will be ready for implementation.
If we do not get it right, the CBAM will have a big impact on our ability to trade and on growth, so can the Minister assure me she is going to be working with the Treasury to ensure we get this right and that it supports manufacturers in the west midlands?
I know my hon.