I feel confident in asserting that I and all my predecessors agree that the stunning beauty of our corner of England is spectacular.
With the High Weald area of outstanding natural beauty in the north, and the South Downs national park in the south, we are truly blessed.
I have felt truly blessed to call Mid Sussex my home for the past 12 years, not only because of its beauty but because of its brilliant people.
It is a place where extraordinary things can and do happen because people pull together and step up.
If it is not extraordinary enough that Mid Sussex, which had a Conservative majority of 27,000 back in 2012, has just elected a Liberal Democrat, just this week former England player Gareth Barry signed for Hurstpierpoint football club—a village football team—and Nathan Hales is competing  in the shooting at the Paris Olympics.
We are all rooting for Nathan and the whole of Team GB.
However, it is about more than individual effort; it is about local collective determination.
The village of Cuckfield has a proud identity, and it even made a unilateral declaration of independence in 1966 over the venue of the annual Donkey grand national.
The Bentswood Hub in Haywards Heath helps people young and old with their mental health, bills and housing.
The Burgess Hill Pantry is trying to find a way to break the cycle of food bank dependency.
This weekend, local charity Kangaroos is celebrating 30 years of helping children with learning disabilities and their families.
There are also incredible groups working to tackle the climate crisis, which brings me to the subject of today’s debate.
Fairer World Lindfield, Hurst Rethink, and Greener Hassocks and Ditchling are tireless advocates and campaigners for the idea of starting something to tackle the climate crisis rather than waiting for the Government to get on board.
Greener Hassocks and Ditchling has put solar panels on the roof of Downlands community school in Hassocks.
The Bolney wine estate has, in conjunction with the Brighton Energy Cooperative, put a solar array on the roofs of its winery, which now generates over 50% of the energy required to produce half a million bottles of wine.
However, local groups can only do so much; they need the Government to create an environment in which it is easy to make the energy transition.
Speeding up grid connections, for example, can currently take up to three years.
We need to make better use of space that has no other purpose—industrial rooftops or the sides of railway lines—including for solar arrays.
The will is there in Mid Sussex and, I am sure, right across the country.
We need to do more and we must make it easy.
Our communities, our constituents, our children and as yet unborn generations demand nothing less.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, and may I congratulate you on your elevation to the Chair?
I am grateful for this opportunity to make my maiden speech, especially during this debate, given that Scotland is at the heart of the Government’s plans to make the UK a green energy superpower.
It is a pleasure to follow  the hon.
Member for Mid Sussex (Alison Bennett) , who gave such a fantastic tribute to her constituency, and indeed all other hon.
Members who have spoken with such passion and eloquence during their maiden speeches, particularly my hon.
Friends the Members for Glasgow South West (Dr Ahmed) and for Central Ayrshire (Alan Gemmell), as well as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Na h-Eileanan an Iar (Torcuil Crichton) —I am glad that he is no longer in the Chamber to hear my mispronunciation.
I extend my gratitude to all parliamentary staff and those involved in the induction processes.