With permission, Madam Deputy Speaker, I would like to provide an update on the Government’s progress in responding to the infected blood inquiry’s report.
I start by reiterating that the inquiry’s final report laid bare harrowing aspects of the scandal that make it vital that we provide regular updates on this work.
The infected blood scandal is an injustice on an unprecedented scale that spans decades.
Thousands of people have died and, sadly, continue to die every week.
Lives have been shattered and the voices of victims have been ignored for decades.
People have watched their loved ones die and—this is one of the most chilling facts that the inquiry brought to light—children were used as objects of research.
It is hard to conceive of the scale of the damage done and the incredible suffering of all those impacted.
On  20 May , the country bore witness to the devastating findings of the infected blood inquiry’s report.
It was a national moment, a profound moment of shame for the British state, and a moment of long-overdue recognition for the victims and their loved ones.
My right hon.
and learned Friend the Prime Minister, in his former role as Leader of the Opposition, acknowledged that
“suffering was caused by wrongdoing, delay and systemic failure”
by all parties
“across the board, compounded by institutional defensiveness.” —[
Official Report,  20 May 2024 ; Vol.
750, c. 667.]
The former Prime Minister issued an apology on behalf of the state for the devastating impact that the use of infected blood and infected blood products has had on countless lives.
Today, on behalf of this Government, I reiterate that deep and heartfelt sorry.
First, let me reassure the House that the Government are committed to acting on the findings of the infected blood inquiry report to ensure swift resolution.
We are also committed to working cross-party, and will work with others to deliver the compensation scheme and get final payments to victims as soon as possible.
It is vital that we shine a penetrating light on the lessons that must be learned, and that includes paying comprehensive compensation to those infected and affected by the infected blood scandal.
I would like to thank hon.
Members who have played prominent roles in pushing the work to this point.
The Minister of State, Home Department, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull North and Cottingham (Dame Diana Johnson) , has always been —and I know will continue to be—a powerful advocate  for this cause.
Her work in pushing forward the cause and representing the voice of those infected and affected was unquestionably pivotal to our reaching this point.
I also thank my predecessor as Paymaster General,  the right hon.
Member for Salisbury (John Glen) .
As I said yesterday in Cabinet Office questions, I am grateful for his work in the lead-up to the announcement of the compensation scheme, and for his collegiate approach.
I hope that we can continue to work together on this important issue.
The scale of the horror that was uncovered by Sir Brian Langstaff’s report almost defies belief.
One of the issues that the report brought to light is the importance of addressing the unacceptable culture of defensiveness in the public sector.
We must make sure that people’s reputations and protecting institutions are never put above public service.
This Government will bring forward legislation to place a duty of candour on public servants and authorities to make sure that this kind of behaviour cannot happen again.
That legislation must be the catalyst for a changed culture in the public sector by improving transparency and accountability.
It will address the culture of defensiveness and help ensure that the lack of candour uncovered in the infected blood scandal —and, indeed, in too many other instances, such as Hillsborough and Horizon—is not repeated.