I pledge to continue that work with hon.
Members in and across this Chamber.
Finally, I think most people here would agree that our politics has been mired by division and scandal in recent years, and that has undermined public trust in politicians.
We have a duty to restore that trust, which is key to our democracy.
In Scotland, there has been far too much finger pointing, with representatives retreating to their respective trenches and endless constitutional debates that ultimately deliver nothing for the people of Scotland.
I welcome the new approach of working with the devolved Governments, and the response from the Scottish Government on issues such as the tobacco and vapes Bill and, hopefully, a UK-wide deposit return scheme.
This relationship reset will be further strengthened  by the new council of nations and regions, which will facilitate a return to constructive engagement and co-operation in the interests of the people we are all here to serve.
For my part, I will work with hon.
Members in this place and with elected representatives in all chambers to deliver for the people of Bathgate and Linlithgow.
My constituents have bestowed their faith on me, and for that I thank them.
It is a responsibility that I will carry every single day, and I pledge to be the champion and advocate they need and deserve.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for the opportunity to make my maiden speech to the House in this debate on making Britain a clean energy superpower.
I congratulate you on your elevation.
It is a privilege to follow  the hon.
Member for Aberdeenshire North and Moray East (Seamus Logan) , who always speaks with great eloquence and passion.
It is also a privilege to speak in a debate led by the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rutherglen (Michael Shanks) .
I offer him my warmest congratulations as he takes up his position, and I wish him well, as I am sure we all do.
I recognise the great honour that has been bestowed on all of us to be in this House, and I am so proud and fortunate to represent my constituency of West Dunbartonshire.
It contains three very distinct communities, the Vale of Leven and the towns of Dumbarton and Clydebank, the latter of which is my home town.
I have lived in Clydebank with my family all my life, and I pledge to work tirelessly in this place for all my fellow residents.
My constituency can best be described as stretching from the banks of the River Clyde to the shores of Loch Lomond, from industrial Clydeside to the gateway to the highlands.
I therefore can boast of the unrivalled natural beauty of Loch Lomond and Dumbarton castle, one of Scotland’s royal castles.
The town of Dumbarton is the ancient capital of Strathclyde, granted royal borough status by Alexander II in 1222, and it was home to Denny’s shipyard, which built the Cutty Sark.
The Vale of Leven is renowned for its Turkey red dyed and printed cottons, exported across the globe.
Singer’s factory in my home town, where my late father worked, made the famous sewing machines, and there was a time last century when virtually every home in the land possessed a Singer sewing machine.
Clydebank is synonymous with John Brown’s shipyard, where the Queen Elizabeth, the Queen Mary, the QEII and the Royal Yacht Britannia were built—a history we are rightly proud of.
However, in doing that, we gained an unwanted legacy as the European hotspot for asbestos-related industrial illness and death.
It is on that cause, among countless others, that I wish to pay tribute to my predecessor, Martin Docherty-Hughes.
Martin was a powerful advocate in this place in the pursuit of truth and justice for the victims of asbestos-related industrial death and for their families in the fight for fair compensation.