and learned Friend the Prime Minister to deliver jobs and bring down bills with GB Energy, increase funding to our NHS and schools, and ensure that the lives of working people across the whole country improve.
From sport and culture to trade and enterprise, this Government will turn struggle into hope and hard work into real opportunity.
I have seen the difference that having opportunities makes.
I was particularly happy this week to address a group of young people from north Ayrshire who had been inspired by Parliament’s Education Centre and by the chance to stand as an MP in this place—I just hope that not too many of them will do it soon.
I thought that representing the UK around the world was the best job I could have had, but representing the families of Central Ayrshire will be the privilege of my life.
I am delighted to be able to make my maiden speech as the Member of Parliament for St Helens North during this important debate.
Before my election to this place, I was the leader of St Helens borough council and the Liverpool city region lead member for net zero, so this debate is on a subject that I care deeply about, and one that I hope to contribute to in the years ahead.
If the House will indulge me briefly, we are at the end of the school year in England, so speaking also as a former teacher, I put on record my thanks and respect for teachers, teaching assistants and all school staff.
I know the challenges they have to overcome, how hard they have to work, and the difference they make as a result.
I hope that they all have a very well-earned break in the coming weeks and that, if they are not already by a pool, they are very soon.
I congratulate all new Members who have made their first contributions in this place so far.
The previous maiden speech was made by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Central Ayrshire (Alan Gemmell) ; with his constituency’s connection to Elvis and his own piano lessons, I hope he will be joining the new parliamentary rock band, which I know my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rugby (John Slinger)  is keen to get set up.
If they need a roadie, I am available.
All the maiden speeches so far have set a very high bar, and it is great to be a Member of a Parliament that looks and sounds like the country that we represent.
It is diverse, and it is strong as a result.
I also thank all parliamentary staff who have worked so hard in recent weeks, helping me and all of us to find our way around.
I pay tribute to my predecessor, Conor McGinn.
He served St Helens North and the country with dedication, helping to secure significant funding for our town centres and delivering Helen’s law and equal marriage in Northern Ireland.
There are many people on both sides of the House who worked with him and will miss seeing him around the place, and I know they will join me in wishing him, his wife Kate, and their children the very best.
It is the honour of my working life to be elected to serve St Helens North as its Member of Parliament.
I grew up in the constituency, in the former mining village of Haydock—a person from Haydock is known locally as a Yicker, and I am fairly certain that I am the first Yicker elected to this place.
I grew up there in the 1980s, raised by my mum and dad, who themselves grew up in Blackbrook and Parr.
Growing up at that time in St Helens, I could not help but be aware of politics.
Decisions taken in this place by the then Conservative Government deeply affected my community and the people in it, and not for the better.