However, in doing that, we gained an unwanted legacy as the European hotspot for asbestos-related industrial illness and death.
It is on that cause, among countless others, that I wish to pay tribute to my predecessor, Martin Docherty-Hughes.
Martin was a powerful advocate in this place in the pursuit of truth and justice for the victims of asbestos-related industrial death and for their families in the fight for fair compensation.
I know how closely he worked with the Clydebank Asbestos Group, and it is now incumbent on me to pick up the baton.
Martin Docherty-Hughes conducted himself with great dignity before and after the general election, and I wish to thank him for his nine years of service and the generosity and courtesy he extended to me throughout.
I wish him the very best in his future endeavours.
The great honour of representing West Dunbartonshire is emphasised yet further when I reflect on my other predecessors who served with great distinction in this House, including Gemma Doyle and my great friend Tony Worthington, who represented the former constituency of Clydebank and Milngavie.
It is truly humbling to follow them and, of course, the Lord Speaker, Lord McFall of Alcluith, who is also renowned for his chairmanship of the Treasury Committee in this place.
Many of the great industries of the Clyde are sadly gone, consigned to history, and while as a Bankie I am rightly proud of our history, it is to our future that I look.
I was elected by my constituents to deliver change, and I am determined to do that and to play my part in ensuring that all communities across West Dunbartonshire can look forward to a dynamic and prosperous future.
The work of the regeneration of Clydeside and the town centres of Clydebank, Dumbarton and the Vale of Leven will be my priority.
The Government have the ambition to grow the economy, make work pay, and create jobs and new employment opportunities for our young people, and I have great confidence in the abilities of the youth of West Dunbartonshire to match those ambitions.
Providing them with the same life opportunities as children in any other constituency across this great nation of ours will be my driving mission.
I pledged during the election campaign to fight to ensure that everyone in my constituency has access to that very basic of rights: a safe, warm and affordable home.
My local authority of West Dunbartonshire declared a housing emergency in May, amid unprecedented pressures on the ability to meet the needs of those in social housing or seeking a council property.
I welcome my Government’s ambition to unlock the barriers to building more homes, but it is essential that they are affordable so as to tackle that injustice and insecurity.
That is why we campaigned for a publicly owned GB Energy company headquartered in Scotland.
It is therefore particularly satisfying to make my maiden speech during this debate.
GB Energy will cut bills in West Dunbartonshire, deliver energy security and put Scotland at the forefront of the clean energy revolution.
It will be publicly owned and will utilise our extraordinary natural resources.
That brings me back to the natural resources of the River Clyde.
The yards may have gone, but the future is with clean energy.
On the site of the former John Brown’s shipyard, to which I referred earlier, is now the West Dunbartonshire energy centre, a groundbreaking project featuring Scotland’s largest water source heat pump installation, which takes water from the River Clyde and uses it to generate heat.
This publicly owned district heating system is truly groundbreaking, helping West Dunbartonshire to transition towards a net zero future.
Crucially, it also allows us to address the fuel poverty of my fellow residents.
I will be delighted to welcome the Minister to visit the centre in the very near future.