We should be looking to industrial rooftops and transport corridors at a minimum.
The Minister talks of community benefit, but there is no engagement with the community who have to live alongside and with these panels.
It is a case of “marry in haste, repent at leisure”.
Disagreeing with the Government’s approach to this matter leads me to mention one of my key priorities for my time in this place.
I firmly believe that in all our debates we can disagree agreeably, and that was a message I advocated during my election campaign.
Discussions nowadays are too polarised, too black and white, and far too hostile.
We need robust debate and discussion, and we need to take the heat out of difficult issues so that we can reach the best resolution.
I want to ensure that we adopt a fair and balanced approach, seeing both sides of the issue but settling on that which resonates most, and that is always my promise.
I also want to be a champion for those with hidden disabilities, such as diabetes.
Having myself been given the shock diagnosis of late-onset type 1 diabetes just three years ago, I understand the difficulties of adapting to life with a hidden condition.
Technology has enhanced our quality of life, but it is still difficult to access that technology, and I want to help in whatever ways I can and to champion this cause, as Lady May has over the years.
One upside is that I will always be carrying some form of sweets for low blood sugar, so Members know where to come if they are in need!
Before I end my speech, I want to take a moment to note my inspiration for entering politics: my father Kenneth, who is now an honorary alderman of Rutland as a result of his 20 years of service and his dedication to helping his community.
That dedication extends to my family too, in his marriage to my beautiful mother Maria; they celebrated 51 years together in May.
Their love and dedication to each other is a model to follow, and I am privileged to have them as my parents.
I also would not be here in this Chamber without the support of my siblings—my sister Lorraine, her husband Richard and their children Joshua, Dominic, Jonty and Olivia, and my brother Matthew and his wife Barbara.
I say, “Thank you beyond words.”
When my parents first brought me to visit Parliament when I was about 10 years old, I could only have dreamt that one day I would be standing here addressing the House—and, indeed, them in the Gallery.
Dreams really can come true.
The honour to stand here today is and always will be mine.
I say thank you to the people of South Northamptonshire for placing their trust in me and allowing me to champion their causes.
I am here to serve them, regardless of political persuasion.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for the opportunity to make my maiden speech in this debate on energy policy—a subject of great importance to my constituents and people across the UK.
I congratulate you on your recent election.
I pay tribute to other hon.
Members who have taken an early opportunity to give their maiden speeches, including  the hon.
Member for South Northamptonshire (Sarah Bool) .
It is the first time I have followed someone on the road to canonisation—[Laughter.]
I would also like to thank my colleagues from Scotland who are speaking today, including my hon.
Friend  the Member for Glasgow South West (Dr Ahmed) , and to agree with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Na h-Eileanan an Iar (Torcuil Crichton)  about how good it is to hear so many Scottish voices on this side of the House.
My right hon.