It has also been a pleasure to hear so many maiden speeches this week from my 35 fellow new Scottish Labour MPs.
I realise that that number somewhat brackets the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the hon.
Member for Rutherglen (Michael Shanks) , who blazed a trail for us.
I am delighted to see him on the Front Bench, just as I am delighted to see my hon.
Friend  the Member for Inverclyde and Renfrewshire West (Martin McCluskey)  bar the doors so that everyone has to hear what I am about to inflict upon them.
With your indulgence, Madam Deputy Speaker, and my translation, I begin: Mar urram dhaibhsan a thànig romham agus iadsan chleachdas i as mo dhèidh, tha mi togail mu ghuth nam chànain fhèin airson Na h-Eileanan an Iar.
In honour of those who became before me, and those who will surely use my native language after me, I raise my voice today for the people of the Western Isles.
The commonest question I am asked in this House, apart from how to pronounce the name of my constituency, is how I manage to travel from Westminster to the Western Isles.
Of course, the easy answer is by Tardis, but the honest answer is that here we are a mere hop and a skip away from Glasgow, and then I travel by a small jet—on schedule, hopefully—to Stornoway.
As I board that small, tubular jet, I feel almost like a character in “Succession”, but I know that there is gold at the end of the flight.
Of course, we are connected; we are not in the middle of nowhere but at the heart of the Atlantic.
We have the wealth of wind that will deliver the benefit of jobs, growth and energy security for this country in years to come.
Those Atlantic islands and the western seaboard are what will give GB Energy meaning and reality in that transition from east to west, away from the North sea and away from the myth that we will not be there in another two generations.
Two generations of my constituents have earned energy security for this country from the North sea, and two generations more will continue as we make that just transition to renewables.
That will be done with the heft of two Governments—the UK Government and the Scottish Government—and will require the muscle, investment and expertise of commercial developers.
Vitally, it must involve the consent, involvement and power of communities.
Just as the Labour Government of ’97 established, from the pre-devolution Scotland Office, a community land unit enabling communities to have the means and wherewithal to take over their own land, setting in chain the land reform revolution in the highlands and islands, I am encouraged that this Labour Government are open to ideas such as a community energy unit, to enable communities such as mine to take their stake in that wealth of wind, and create a template that can be used across the whole of Britain.
These are themes to which I will return, alongside the unfinished business of land reform—I read today that a highland estate is for sale at £12 million, with carbon capture and the Ponzi scheme of peat restoration attached, and I know that that is unfinished business.
Of course, wild weather and radical land politics are not the only things that the Western Isles have to offer the United Kingdom.
There are deep connections to the country and to this place itself.
The tide of the Thames that rises and falls outside, marked by Mary Branson’s “New Dawn” high up there in St Stephen’s Hall, is the same tide that covers and uncovers “Sheol an Iolaire”, a tidal installation that I installed in Stornoway harbour, along with my good friend Malcolm MacLean, to mark a wartime tragedy and the loss of a ship of that name.