We need new jobs and the new deal for working people.
We need investment in our town centres and high streets, investment in public services and the staff who provide them, and high aspirations for every single child, starting with a properly funded, properly resourced, broad education.
Those are the manifesto commitments I supported this week.
It will not surprise anyone to hear that, as a former teacher, I am a firm believer that there is no greater tool for social mobility or personal fulfilment than education, and I am evidence of it.
I was a shy and quiet working-class kid at school, and it was not until I went to sixth-form college, and particularly university, that I eventually gained the confidence to believe in myself and stand up in front of others and speak—and I would never have dreamed that I would be doing it here in this place.
I would not be here today if it had not been for that experience of higher education, and I think we should resist at all costs any of the growing arguments that some degrees and time spent learning are worthless, or that too many young people are doing degrees.
What I suspect some of those behind such claims mean is, “too many of the wrong people”.
Well, if it is good enough for the children of the wealthy, it is good enough for working-class kids like me and those to come.
All children deserve those opportunities, including those with special educational needs.
There is a crisis right now in the system, which is leaving too many children and their families waiting far too long for assessment, and then, when they are assessed, they too often do not get the support they need, despite the best efforts of their schools and school staff.
Whether they are children in mainstream education with dyslexia or autism, or children in special schools with more complex needs, every child deserves to be able to access a full and vibrant curriculum with adequate support and adjustments to help them achieve their best.
The parents of these children are every bit as ambitious for them as any other parent, just as parents of state-school pupils are equally ambitious as those who can afford private schools.
All they ask, like any parent or any child, is for a fair chance.
I am encouraged to hear our new Government talking about these issues already, and about the challenges that our schools, pupils and their families face.
I intend to do all I can to help deliver the change that they, and we, all need.
If young people are to access the jobs of today and tomorrow—in AI and life sciences, clean energy and more—we must be focused on opening every possible door, not closing them.
In conclusion, we have been sent to this place with a mandate to change the country and to change lives for the better.
There is a huge amount to do, but Labour’s plans for the country are ambitious and, most importantly, deliverable.
For as long as I am in this place, I will do all I can to help give all our children and young people the tools and opportunity to reach their potential, and to ensure that the benefits of the change we will bring are felt by people in St Helens North, as well as the country as a whole.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, and congratulations on your appointment to your new role.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for St Helens North (David Baines)  on his maiden speech and election to Parliament.
He is right to remind us all about the role of aspiration and all children seeking to do their best.
I must pay tribute to my parents: to my father for sparking my interest in politics, and my mother for telling me, when I was 17, “If you don’t try, you’ll never know what you can do.”