Friends the Members for Glasgow South West (Dr Ahmed) and for Central Ayrshire (Alan Gemmell), as well as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Na h-Eileanan an Iar (Torcuil Crichton) —I am glad that he is no longer in the Chamber to hear my mispronunciation.
I extend my gratitude to all parliamentary staff and those involved in the induction processes.
Their limitless patience and understanding, and the wealth of information that they provided, have made a daunting process much easier to navigate, and they have done it all with welcoming smiles on their faces, so I thank them.
As many mentioned yesterday, this is no ordinary job, and there are no 9 to 5 hours.
It would be impossible to do this without the love and support of our families, friends and campaign teams.
To my husband and our three children, our parents and friends, including those in our Labour family, I say, “Thank you for your patience, your encouragement and your steadfast faith in me.”
It is an incredible honour and privilege to serve as the first representative of the new constituency of Bathgate and Linlithgow.
I must thank my predecessor, Martyn Day, for his service to the former constituency of Linlithgow and East Falkirk.
He served as a Member of this place for nine years and, prior to that, as a councillor representing his hometown of Linlithgow for 16 years—a remarkable quarter century of public service, for which I thank him.
I must also pay tribute to the former MP Michael Connarty, a friend and colleague who is always on hand with advice and support.
Campaign trails can be tough, with long hours, many miles walked, thousands of doors knocked and mountains of Haribo consumed—other brands are available.
One of the greatest pleasures of my campaign was meeting so many people who shared personal and heartwarming accounts of the help they received from the former Father of the House, Tam Dalyell, or who simply knew him as “Tam.”
The affection and respect in which he is held to this day is something to which I can only aspire, and I will endeavour to live up to his example of dedicated service to constituents.
I cannot confirm or deny whether this will involve being awkward.
I am not a Bathgate bairn.
I chose to make Bathgate my home almost 17 years ago, leaving behind Scotland’s greatest city, Glasgow, to lay down roots for my family, and I could not have made a better decision.
With the beauty of the Bathgate hills on my doorstep, as well as the Beecraigs and Polkemmet country parks, the Kinneil local nature reserve and the shorelines at Bo’ness and Blackness, I am never far from stunning and tranquil countryside.
We must seek to protect and preserve this natural beauty for future generations.
Key to this are our efforts to reach our net-zero targets and combat climate change, which is causing significant damage to our environment, but let us be clear that our natural environment also has a key role to play in achieving our goals, so it is in our interests to do all we can to protect it.
With the passion and commitment shown by the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero and his team, ably represented today by the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rutherglen (Michael Shanks) , and the ambitious plans that they have set out, including on support for community energy projects, which I welcome as a Co-operator, I am confident that we will leave a legacy for future generations to enjoy.
Our landscape also tells the story of our industrial and manufacturing heritage.