With the passion and commitment shown by the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero and his team, ably represented today by the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rutherglen (Michael Shanks) , and the ambitious plans that they have set out, including on support for community energy projects, which I welcome as a Co-operator, I am confident that we will leave a legacy for future generations to enjoy.
Our landscape also tells the story of our industrial and manufacturing heritage.
From the shale bings across the constituency, and the former brickworks and foundries, to the former British Leyland site, Plessey Semiconductors —now Whiteside business park—and the Pyramids business park, which once housed Motorola, the people of the Bathgate and Linlithgow constituency have always embraced change and technological advances.
The constituency has a highly skilled and flexible workforce, with opportunities attracting workers from across the  central belt, including the Glasgow overspill, which is still referred to as such today, despite many living in the area for almost 50 years.
I recall my first visit to Aldo’s chippy in Bathgate, when the lady behind the counter, recognising my accent, asked if I wanted salt and vinegar rather than salt and sauce, which is a topic of heated debate between Glasgow and Edinburgh colleagues—of course, the correct answer is salt and vinegar.
However, the story of the constituency has not always been one of prosperity.
This year marks the 40th anniversary of the miners’ strike and the subsequent closure of Polkemmet colliery after the pit pumps were switched off, flooding the galleries.
The smouldering slag heap has been removed, and new houses have been built as part of one of the biggest regeneration projects in Europe, but the town of Whitburn and the surrounding communities were devastated, with many families enduring severe hardship.
The mistakes of the past must not be repeated.
Lessons must be learned about the impact of such loss on individuals, on families and on entire communities.
That is why I support the fight to keep Grangemouth working and to keep the jobs on which many of my constituents rely, particularly in Bo’ness and Linlithgow.
I thank my hon.
Friends on the Front Bench for their proactive approach to working towards a sustainable future for the site; I also thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Alloa and Grangemouth (Brian Leishman) , who has been steadfast and vocal in his support for the campaign.
While we honour our history and the traditions of the past, we look to the future with hope and ambition.
We are situated at the heart of Scotland, with easy access across the central belt via the M8 and M9 and rail routes to our great cities and beyond—with the unfortunate exception of Winchburgh, which still awaits its train station.
More people are choosing to live in the constituency, and more companies are choosing to locate there to do business, including in manufacturing, technology, communications, logistics, retail and hospitality.
Tourism also drives our local economy, particularly in the royal burgh of Linlithgow.
With the royal palace set aside the loch and the peel, St Michael’s church and its newly refurbished crown of thorns, the Union canal, the historic canal basin it passes through, and other treasures, there are plenty of reasons to linger longer in Linlithgow.
In Bo’ness, we have the steam railways museum, the motor museum, the restored Hippodrome theatre and numerous places of interest.
We are also seeing a growth in tourism as a result of the increase in TV and film production in the area.
The Blackness Bay distillery, set in the picturesque village of Blackness, is one example: it is benefiting from the increase in visitors to the castle as a result of the success of “Outlander”.