Friend  the Member for Glasgow South West (Dr Ahmed) , and to agree with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Na h-Eileanan an Iar (Torcuil Crichton)  about how good it is to hear so many Scottish voices on this side of the House.
My right hon.
and learned Friend the Prime Minister said that this Government will be one of service, and it is an honour to speak in the Chamber as the Member for Central Ayrshire—the place where I was born and raised, and where I live.
It is a privilege to be in Parliament and in government, and to be here in the service of the community where I grew up.
I pay tribute to my predecessor, Dr Philippa Whitford, who was a popular and assiduous local MP, whose public service included a much celebrated career as a consultant breast cancer surgeon.
I also pay tribute to two previous Labour MPs, Sandra Osborne and Sir Brian Donohoe.
Sandra is known as a champion of women’s rights, and a campaigner against poverty and for peace in the middle east.
Brian is better known to you, Madam Deputy Speaker, as the chairman of the Members’ pension fund.
He uses his voluminous knowledge to good effect but, having spoken to him at some length this weekend, I do not recommend individual consultations at this time.
I also thank my husband.
The spouses and families of politicians sacrifice a lot for our careers.
Damien has been at my side around the world, and I am grateful to him for his support.
Many hon.
Members have spoken of their constituency’s beauty, while inviting other Members to visit.
I do not feel the need to make that invitation, as I was happy to see Members from this place, the other place and the Scottish Parliament in Troon last weekend for the final days of the Open.
They were there not just for one of the best coastlines in Scotland, great seafood and wonderful pubs and hotels, but to see a world-class golfing competition that sold more than 250,000 tickets and will deliver more than £200 million to the local and Scottish economies.
Central Ayrshire is blessed with great towns and villages, and people who work daily for our communities.
Earlier this month, I met the Friends of the Broadway Prestwick, who are working tirelessly to raise millions of pounds to bring a 1930s cinema in the heart of the town back to life.
Their passion and commitment is inspiring.
I visited the Troon lifeboat station and was told that from 1871 to today, 668 lives have been saved by its brave volunteers.
In Irvine, each year the Marymass festival, also known as Murmuss, sees tens of thousands of people come to enjoy our parade, the crowning of the queen and teams of people trying to climb the greasy pole.
If new Members need help in that area, I am happy to invite the winning team of this year’s competition in the autumn.
Marymass includes horseracing on Irvine moor, at which my dad has been known to commentate.
On the same moor in 1887, Keir Hardie gave his first recorded political speech in which he emphasised the need for working class representation in Parliament.
Much of Central Ayrshire has a connection with Robert Burns, Scotland’s national bard.
Burns lived in Irvine for a time and co-founded the Bachelors’ Club in the village of Tarbolton.
Lochlea, in Craigie, is one of Scotland’s newest distilleries and is on land that Burns once farmed.
It will be for my hon.
Friends the Members for Kilmarnock and Loudoun (Lillian Jones) and for Ayr, Carrick and Cumnock (Elaine Stewart) to tell more about the man and the myth.
I might remind the House of a prominent American who also made a visit to the constituency.
On  3 March 1960 , Sergeant Elvis Presley spent a precious two hours in Prestwick airport.