I will not detain the House with descriptions of whisky, salmon, scallops that reach Singapore in 24 hours, Harris tweed or beautiful bays, but I remind the Minister that the people of the Western Isles have the tenacity, the wherewithal and the resourcefulness, embodied in the Arnish yard near Stornoway, to act as a stepping stone in the journey to renewables and to clean energy.
It has been a long road from there to here.
Many people have helped, and since I have arrived I have had many messages of support, and prayers and passages too.
As I come from one of the most religiously observant parts of Britain, that comes as no surprise.
One passage, from an old friend, has stayed with me.
To save the Hansard reporters, who are probably struggling with the accent, never mind the translation, I will do the task for them.
She said: “May your conversation always be gracious, seasoned with salt, so that you may know how you ought to deal with anyone”—biodh ur comhraidh an-comhnaidh grasmhor, air a dheaneamh blasta le salainn.
Seasoned with salt, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I like that.
I hope that all our exchanges in this House will be gracious and seasoned with the salt air of the Atlantic and our common future, because in this Chamber and in this kingdom, we are all islanders.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for calling me to speak.
I congratulate you on your election to the Chair, and commend  the hon.
Member for Glasgow South West (Dr Ahmed)  for his passionate and touching maiden speech.
South Northamptonshire—one of the few constituencies to have two geographical terms in its name—comprises the majority of the seat held by Dame Andrea Leadsom; parts of the former Daventry constituency, which was held by Chris-Heaton Harris; and parts of Wellingborough constituency, recently held by  the hon.
Member for Wellingborough and Rushden (Gen Kitchen) .
As is tradition, I must start by paying tribute to my immediate predecessor.
Dame Andrea Leadsom was a powerhouse, a tour de force, not only in industry, but in Parliament, where she served the people of South Northamptonshire for 14 years.
She served as City Minister, Leader of the House, Secretary of State for the Departments for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs and for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy, and, latterly, Minister for public health, start for life and primary care.
As Leader of the House, Dame Andrea spearheaded the creation of the Independent Complaints and Grievance Scheme, which has helped many Members and staff across the House.
She is wonderfully compassionate  and has been an incredible mentor to me since my selection to stand.
She was a strong advocate on issues to do with early years.
In her start-for-life role, she opened family hubs in 75 local authority areas.
Her determination to open the first family hub in South Northamptonshire will support so many local families in giving their child the best start in life.
I know that she is determined to continue that work in the years to come, and she has my full support in her endeavours.
Although  the right hon.
Member for Daventry (Stuart Andrew)  may have an opportunity to speak to the legacy of Chris Heaton-Harris, I cannot let this opportunity pass without paying tribute to Chris, as he was such a dedicated statesman.
He spent 10 years in the European Parliament and 14 years as the Member for Daventry, including as Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, a crucial role—all the while still finding the time to be an active qualified football referee, officiating at games at different levels for more than 42 years.
Chris supported me during my campaign.
I saw the warmth with which he was greeted on the doorstep, and how highly regarded he was by his constituents—a role model to follow.