Member for St Helens North (David Baines)  on his maiden speech and election to Parliament.
He is right to remind us all about the role of aspiration and all children seeking to do their best.
I must pay tribute to my parents: to my father for sparking my interest in politics, and my mother for telling me, when I was 17, “If you don’t try, you’ll never know what you can do.”
It is truly the honour of my life to take my seat in this place.
I am the fourth person to serve Mid Sussex since the constituency was created in 1974.
I thank my predecessor, now  the hon.
Member for East Grinstead and Uckfield (Mims Davies) , who has already given her time and support in relation to urgent issues affecting children in both our constituencies.
It would be amiss  not to acknowledge the noble Lord Soames in another place, who is held in high regard by the good people of Mid Sussex.
Due to the vagaries of boundary changes, I had to go back some 50 years to the maiden speech given by the late Baron Renton to find the original and only maiden speech made by a Member of Parliament for Mid Sussex.
On reading that 1974 maiden speech, I briefly considered a simple copy-and-paste job, such is the relevance of his speech echoing through the decades to the moment we find ourselves in today.
He raised concerns about the expansion of Gatwick airport, about housing growth without vital infrastructure, and about doctors and teachers not being able to afford a house.
All those things are important to people in my constituency, as well as to the Liberal Democrats.
Of special note was Baron Renton’s call for more generous attendance and disability allowances, so that people can be properly cared for by loved ones in their own home.
The importance of having a care system that truly works and genuinely supports carers is critical to ensuring that we live in a civilised society, where regardless of someone’s life stage and their physical or mental health, they can live the best life possible and achieve their potential.
We must care about care.
We must make that a priority of this new Parliament.
In the most recent boundary changes, a significant proportion of Mid Sussex, and the area that is my home, was formally part of the Arundel and South Downs constituency.
I thank  the hon.
Member for Arundel and South Downs (Andrew Griffith)  for his courteous and prompt handover of casework.
I probably owe a bigger debt of gratitude to his predecessor, Lord Herbert of South Downs.
The noble Lord might not realise it, but he played a hand in lighting the touchpaper on my political journey that has led me to be here today.
During the EU referendum campaign, the noble Lord was chairman of Conservatives for Reform in Europe.
He kindly agreed to come to my village one afternoon to join a cross-party stall for remain that I was organising.
It might be said that he inspired me.
As a Liberal Democrat, I will always advocate closer ties with our European allies and neighbours.
We believe that, in a world this unstable and dangerous, we are stronger when we turn to face our closest friends and neighbours.
Co-operation, not antagonism, is the best way of tackling the challenges that our planet faces.
What of Mid Sussex?
I feel confident in asserting that I and all my predecessors agree that the stunning beauty of our corner of England is spectacular.
With the High Weald area of outstanding natural beauty in the north, and the South Downs national park in the south, we are truly blessed.
I have felt truly blessed to call Mid Sussex my home for the past 12 years, not only because of its beauty but because of its brilliant people.