I grew up there in the 1980s, raised by my mum and dad, who themselves grew up in Blackbrook and Parr.
Growing up at that time in St Helens, I could not help but be aware of politics.
Decisions taken in this place by the then Conservative Government deeply affected my community and the people in it, and not for the better.
I had to wait until  I was 17 to experience a Government who demonstrated that they cared about communities like mine and people like me.
My own children are now 11 and seven, and as their dad I am relieved for them that they will grow up under a Labour Government who are passionate about improving life for them and their generation, creating opportunities, and rebuilding Britain brick by brick.
I thank the voters of St Helens North for giving me the opportunity to serve, to be part of that change, and hopefully to prove that government and politics can be a force for good.
I owe a huge amount of thanks to my family, especially my mum and dad, and above all my wife Helen and my two children.
Members in all parts of the House will know that you cannot do this job and do it well without the support of your family, and that is certainly true in my case.
My home of St Helens North is made up of historic, distinctive villages around and including the towns of St Helens and Newton-le-Willows.
The industrial revolution and all the advances made by our country in the 1800s and beyond simply would not have happened without the toil and ingenuity of working people in the communities that I am now proud to represent.
From the railways to chemicals and canals, from coal to glass and farming, it was the people of my constituency and many other similar areas across the north of England who built and shaped the 20th century.
My constituency and the wider borough of St Helens are now home to thousands of businesses, from multinational brands to innovative and hard-working small and medium-sized companies.
We are also home to Parkside in Newton-le-Willows, a former colliery site that—thanks to the hard work of previous MPs, the Labour council, our partner Langtree, and the city region—is now being regenerated and developed into one of the most significant employment and investment sites in the north-west of England, with huge potential for rail freight and advanced manufacturing.
We need to make sure that young people have the skills and opportunities to access the jobs that this development and others will create in the years to come.
This week’s announcements about Skills England are therefore extremely welcome.
My constituency is also a hotbed of sport.
Boxing, darts and numerous amateur clubs thrive in St Helens North.
We are home to Haydock Park racecourse, the world’s oldest open rugby club at Liverpool St Helens, which was founded in 1857, fantastic cricket and football clubs, and St Helens rugby league club—three-time rugby league world champions.
Although the ground is technically in St Helens South and Whiston, it does live in the hearts and souls of many people in St Helens North, including mine.
We are also home to a magnificent and hard-working charity and voluntary sector.
Our churches and community groups work all year round to support the most vulnerable, and this, to me, is what lies at the heart of what I love most about my home and the people I share it with.
I had the responsibility of leading the local council through the pandemic, working hand in hand with many fantastic local organisations, as well as public and private sector partners.
The kindness and strength that my community showed during those times was overwhelming, as it was, I know, in most of the country.