This publicly owned district heating system is truly groundbreaking, helping West Dunbartonshire to transition towards a net zero future.
Crucially, it also allows us to address the fuel poverty of my fellow residents.
I will be delighted to welcome the Minister to visit the centre in the very near future.
In taking my place in this House, I stepped away from 25 years of appearing daily in courts throughout Scotland.
As a solicitor, I represented some of the most vulnerable members of our society.
As I step away from the profession to take my seat in this House, I do so with a heavy heart.
I leave behind a demoralised profession ignored by successive Governments, who failed to recognise that a  properly funded legal aid scheme is the bedrock of a fair society.
My experience is with the Scottish courts, but I understand that south of the border the system is in similar peril.
I am sure the House will recognise that upholding, respecting and promoting the rule of law requires us to ensure access to justice, fair representation and a widening of the scope of legal aid eligibility, and also to recognise that the courts are as vital a public asset and as much of a foundation stone of society as schools, social services and hospitals.
I also leave 21 years of unbroken service to local government as a councillor at West Dunbartonshire.
Local government is on its knees, starved of vital funding, the last of the low-hanging fruit long since picked.
Frontline services are under serious threat, and I wish for this House to recognise those across all political parties and in all public offices at local government level, and all the highly dedicated staff who share the same desire as we all do across this House to advance the wellbeing of our local communities.
They deserve greater support from us.
My constituency is supported in this endeavour by a wealth of local charities and community organisations.
As provost of West Dunbartonshire, I gained unique insight into this vital support chain, which includes groups such as Mentor Scotland that provide mental health support, as well as the Men’s Shed, local not-for-profit trusts such as Flourishing Faifley, Bags full of Love, Duntocher village hall, Antonine Sports and the Skylark IX Recovery Trust.
These and the countless faith groups across my constituency providing food banks and shelter truly are the best of our society.
I cannot finish my maiden speech without recognising the NHS and all its staff.
The NHS is in my DNA.
My mother was a nurse and a midwife.
In particular, I wish to thank the staff at the Beatson hospital in Glasgow.
The NHS saved my life back in 2007 when I battled leukaemia.
I appreciate that I am fortunate to be in this House, and I will not waste this opportunity to help save our NHS and to ensure that this Government improve our national health service—a service for all, providing care on the basis of need, regardless of ability to pay.
This son of a factory worker and NHS nurse, husband to Alison, father to Tom and Peter, gives this House a solemn undertaking that no matter how long or short my time in this place may be, my defining mission will be to fight for a fairer society for my constituents of West Dunbartonshire and be relentless in my duty to serve their interests.
The First Deputy Chairman of Ways and Means took the Chair as Deputy Speaker ( Standing Order No.
3 ).
With permission, Madam Deputy Speaker, I would like to provide an update on the Government’s progress in responding to the infected blood inquiry’s report.
I start by reiterating that the inquiry’s final report laid bare harrowing aspects of the scandal that make it vital that we provide regular updates on this work.
The infected blood scandal is an injustice on an unprecedented scale that spans decades.