He spent 10 years in the European Parliament and 14 years as the Member for Daventry, including as Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, a crucial role—all the while still finding the time to be an active qualified football referee, officiating at games at different levels for more than 42 years.
Chris supported me during my campaign.
I saw the warmth with which he was greeted on the doorstep, and how highly regarded he was by his constituents—a role model to follow.
In their maiden speeches, both former Members paid tribute to their predecessor, the now Lord Boswell of Aynho, who represented South Northamptonshire for 23 years and whom I also had the pleasure of meeting during my campaign.
They both noted that he had been described in The Daily Telegraph as a saint.
During my hustings, one of my opponents, noting my apparent “road to Damascus” conversion from commercial property lawyer to campaigner against inappropriate development, dubbed me “Saint Sarah on the road to Silverstone”.
While I am not expecting a call from the Pope any time soon, as a jibe I quite liked that one!
South Northamptonshire is a constituency with a rich history—from Bozeat to Brackley, both of which were mentioned in the Domesday Book, and from Harpole to Deanshanger, the latter being the location of one of the 703 miracles that Thomas Becket performed, which led to his canonisation.
We seem to be truly blessed.
We have Lactodorum, or Towcester as it is now known, in the centre of the constituency, and the Saracens Head public house is mentioned in Charles Dickens’ “The Pickwick Papers”.
We even have Sulgrave Manor, the ancestral home of the family of George Washington, the first President of the United States of America.
Having grown up in Rutland, I have to remember that the River Nene is pronounced “Nen”, not “Neen”—I was frequently quizzed about that on the campaign trail.
In recent weeks, I have suddenly become very popular with many Members, and while I would love to think that it was because of my friendly nature, it turns out that many have realised that I have the world-famous Silverstone in my constituency, and they would love to address their need for speed.
I am incredibly proud to represent the home of the Grand Prix, and this year to witness the victory of our British talent Lewis Hamilton.
It is safe to say, given that King George VI has been the only reigning monarch to attend a British motor race, that I would love to extend the invitation to His Majesty the King.
I chose this clean energy debate for my maiden speech because it is an important issue that will have a big impact on my constituents.
While there is no doubt that we need to look at renewable and diverse energy sources for our future energy security, destroying thousands of  acres of prime agricultural land cannot be the solution to this ongoing question.
In our area, we have already seen the solar farm application made at Greatworth, and now the Green Hill solar farm, proposed for a location near Grendon and the surrounding villages in my constituency, would take over 2,000 acres of productive farmland and convert it to solar panels and associated battery storage.
The fact that the Government have so quickly—in a matter of days—signed off proposals for over 6,000 acres of solar farms is of great concern to me because of the precedent that it will set.
Schemes like this will jeopardise our food security and scar our beautiful countryside, when there are other sensible solutions.
We should be looking to industrial rooftops and transport corridors at a minimum.
The Minister talks of community benefit, but there is no engagement with the community who have to live alongside and with these panels.
It is a case of “marry in haste, repent at leisure”.