I just urge them to ensure that whatever happens is private sector-led, and delivers the really good long-term jobs and growth for the country that we have been talking about and have secured over the last few years.
I want to pick up on a few things that the Government have said.
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for East Surrey (Claire Coutinho)  mentioned the £300 a year, but the Minister did not cover that.
Could he provide clarity on that issue?
It is something that constituents up and down the country will think about.
The Minister talked about community-owned energy companies similar to Great British Energy.
There have been experiences of that; there was Robin Hood Energy in Nottingham, which ended up costing taxpayers a huge amount of money in the long term.
I am interested to know whether the Government are investing in the bits that the private sector will not invest in.
How can they guarantee the returns that the Minister is talking about, and how can they guarantee that the policy will not cost taxpayers more in the future?
As a former member of the Public Accounts Committee, I do not want to see, when I look into this in a few years’ time, that taxpayers were left on the hook when the private sector would not step in.
On the overall costs of the net zero plans, in the run-up to the general election, the Labour party dropped its commitment to spending £28 billion a year on moving towards the 2030 target.
I really could do with clarity from the Government on the figures that they are looking at, given that in the months preceding the general election, shadow Ministers talked about it potentially costing hundreds of billions of pounds to get to that target.
As I mentioned in an intervention on the Liberal Democrat Front Bencher,  the hon.
Member for Bath (Wera Hobhouse) , on energy infrastructure, the impact would be on communities such as Billericay, Bearsted, and Laindon in my constituency, where there would be 160-foot pylons right down the centre of an area of unspoilt countryside.
I really would ask the Government to reflect on that, particularly as Germany is moving to an underground-first approach.
If the Germans can do it, I do not see why we cannot.
It was in the Conservative manifesto.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, and congratulations on your new role.
I also congratulate  the hon.
Member for East Thanet (Ms Billington) , with whom I worked before we both came to this Chamber, through UK100 and elsewhere, on local climate action, which I will speak much about today.
I also congratulate the Minister and the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero.
It means a great deal to me to make my maiden speech during a debate in which the new Government are setting out green energy policies and plans to get us back on track with our climate pledges here at home, so that we can once again contribute on the international stage towards collective global action.
Closer to home, Government research shows that local climate action would achieve net zero for half the cost of the national approach and deliver three times the financial returns, but we need a clear framework between the national and the local and for how councils fit into the national plan for net zero, including community energy initiatives.
Let me say how proud and humbled I am by the faith the residents of beautiful South Cambridgeshire have put in me.
They wanted change, and this was a truly historic result.
The Liberal Democrats won all three Cambridgeshire seats, turning them from blue to yellow for the first time, forming a golden ring around the constituency of the Minister of State, Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs,  the hon.
Member for Cambridge (Daniel Zeichner) .
I congratulate him on his appointment as the Minister for farming.