In Bo’ness, we have the steam railways museum, the motor museum, the restored Hippodrome theatre and numerous places of interest.
We are also seeing a growth in tourism as a result of the increase in TV and film production in the area.
The Blackness Bay distillery, set in the picturesque village of Blackness, is one example: it is benefiting from the increase in visitors to the castle as a result of the success of “Outlander”.
I can tell those who have not visited yet that they will receive the warmest of welcomes from Sheena and Colm at the distillery.
I also want to mention the major historic house attractions of Kinneil House, Hopetoun House and House of the Binns, the ancestral home of the Dalyell family, as places to visit.
As a Labour and Co-operative Member, I see the opportunities to expand the co-operative economy, putting power directly in the hands of local people for the benefit of local communities.
I look forward to working with fellow co-operators to do just that.
Although jobs and opportunities are on our doorstep, too many people still face barriers to employment and many are not earning enough to get by.
That creates huge demand on local food banks and other vital support services, including those offered by our local third sector organisations, which do a tremendous and invaluable job.
Child poverty is a scandal that blights communities across the country and in my constituency, but it does not exist in a vacuum.
Low pay, high rent, high mortgages, exorbitant energy bills and the rising cost of food all contribute to severe financial pressures on families.
That is why I welcome the announcement of the child poverty taskforce, which will bring together voices inside Government and those of outside experts to take a holistic and targeted approach to tackling this scourge and ensuring that every child has a chance to achieve their goals, irrespective of their background.
With more people choosing to live in the Bathgate and Linlithgow constituency, we are seeing increased pressure on vital local services, which are significantly underfunded, as well as pressure on GP surgeries and on our local infrastructure.
Both the Avon gorge junction and the Burghmuir junction are in serious need of upgrading.
With under-investment in bus transport at a Scottish level, our more rural communities, such as Greenrigg, Newton, Philipstoun, Bridgend, Torphichen, Westfield, Blackridge, Seafield and even the town of Blackburn, are struggling to keep connected.
It is crucial that investment in vital services and local infrastructure keeps pace with development, and that is something that I will champion in my constituency.
As a young girl growing up in the small village of Lennoxtown at the foot of the Campsie hills, never did I think that I would be standing here in the House of Commons as one of 263 female MPs, the highest ever number of women representatives.
That did not just happen; we are here only because of the women who forged the way for us, such as the incomparable Harriet Harman, who I had the pleasure of meeting for the first time at last year’s Edinburgh festival.
It is empowering to see so many incredible Labour women take their rightful place on our Front Benches.
Their example will let young girls today know that they can be here one day, too.
While the increase in women Members to 40% of this place is hugely welcomed, we still have much work to do to achieve 50:50 representation.
As a councillor, I worked to remove barriers to participation, doing my bit to ensure that council chambers started to reflect the communities that we represent.
I pledge to continue that work with hon.
Members in and across this Chamber.
Finally, I think most people here would agree that our politics has been mired by division and scandal in recent years, and that has undermined public trust in politicians.