This Government will bring forward legislation to place a duty of candour on public servants and authorities to make sure that this kind of behaviour cannot happen again.
That legislation must be the catalyst for a changed culture in the public sector by improving transparency and accountability.
It will address the culture of defensiveness and help ensure that the lack of candour uncovered in the infected blood scandal —and, indeed, in too many other instances, such as Hillsborough and Horizon—is not repeated.
We recognise that as well as delivering institutional change, we must provide financial redress to people whose life has been irreversibly and tragically changed as a result of the infected blood scandal.
One of the most powerful conclusions in the inquiry’s report is that an apology is meaningful only if it is accompanied by action, and it is now my responsibility to carry forward this action.
I hope to lead that work not only with the support of this House, but with sensitivity and respect towards the people who have been so unfairly affected by this scandal.
After all that has happened, listening to the voice of victims is crucial, and I will endeavour to work closely with the infected blood community as we progress this work.
I would also like to update the House on the progress being made in establishing the Infected Blood Compensation Authority.
The Victims and Prisoners Act 2024 legally created the authority on  24 May , and since that point, the interim chief executive David Foley has been working closely with Sir Robert Francis KC, the interim chair, to set up the compensation service.
It is, frankly, no small task.
The Cabinet Office is supporting the organisation as it recruits and sets up a service that is easy to access and simple to use.
The authority will provide regular updates to the infected blood community and all others interested in its work.
Let me turn to compensation.
On  21 May , I welcomed the former Administration’s announcement on compensation.
There is an urgent need to get money to people in the most timely way possible.
On  24 June , further interim payments of £210,000 were made to beneficiaries of the infected blood support schemes living with infections, bringing the total paid in compensation to victims to more than £1 billion.
However, we recognise that this is not enough, given that many others have also been waiting for far too long.
The Cabinet Office is working closely with the Department of Health and Social Care, the devolved Governments and the administrators of the existing infected blood support schemes to establish the process  for making interim payments of £100,000 to the estates of deceased people who were infected with contaminated blood or blood products, and whose deaths have not yet been recognised.
Work is progressing to ensure that these payments are made as soon as we are able to.
I am pleased to confirm to the House today that applications for these payments will open in October, and we will set out further details in due course.
There is also the matter of the final compensation scheme.
We are committed to delivering this work quickly.
We are also committed to getting it right.
The proposed compensation scheme was published on gov.uk on  21 May , and we are committed, as I indicated yesterday to the shadow Paymaster General, the right hon.
Member for Salisbury, to making regulations to establish the scheme by  24 August , as we are obliged to by the Victims and Prisoners Act.
However, we also recognise the importance of building support and trust among those who will access the scheme.
Sir Robert Francis undertook an engagement exercise in June at the former Government’s request, with the support of all parties.
The exercise engaged those who have been most impacted by the scandal on the content of the compensation scheme.