In more recent times, these areas have demonstrated the transformative possibilities of their co-operative spirit through the Rosehill housing co-operative and the Pollok credit union.
Moving north, the ruins of Crookston castle come into view.
Built by the Stewarts of Darnley in the 1400s, it is the only medieval castle standing in Glasgow, and it is possibly where Mary, Queen of Scots, was betrothed to Lord Darnley.
It remains an underutilised community asset, but I commend the friends of Crookston castle for their efforts to bring this space back into the service of the people of Glasgow.
A short distance from the castle, the wonderful communities of Mosspark, Dumbreck and Cardonald are nestled around the great expanse of Bellahouston Park, which has played host to numerous music concerts, papal visits and the empire exhibition of 1938.
As we head further north, we come to Ibrox, which is synonymous with Rangers football club.
Now, I must stress, Madam Deputy Speaker, that other Glasgow football clubs are available; my hon.
Friends the Members  for Glasgow North (Martin Rhodes) and for Glasgow East (John Grady) can take you for a tour around them.
Govan is the birthplace of Sir Alex Ferguson, a footballing legend, but also a friend to Members on the Labour Benches; he has often given wise counsel to my party.
It is also the location of the Queen Elizabeth university hospital, formerly known as the Southern General, one of Britain’s largest hospitals and the place where I honed my skills in surgery and practice as a transplant surgeon.
My research leads me to conclude that I am the first transplant surgeon to be elected to this place.
Govan’s shipyard history is, of course, world famous, and the Fairfield Heritage Trust and Govan Workspace have brought that to life.
More importantly, it continues to serve the defence of our realm even in the modern day, and to be part of Glasgow South West’s story; we have BAE Systems and Thales, alongside fintech and medtech companies such as Barclays and Cohesion Medical, as well as award-winning TV and film companies such as Firecrest Films.
We can see the kind of high-quality jobs of the future that can be available to local people.
These are the kinds of jobs I want to grow as part of this Labour Government.
As we head towards the edge of the constituency, we find the BBC Scotland headquarters.
The BBC has an important function in the fabric of our national life, not only in informing, educating and entertaining, but as a beacon of our soft power on the world stage—something I wholeheartedly support.
Just as national broadcasting is important, so is the local, and nothing encapsulates that better in Glasgow South West than Sunny Govan radio station.
It provides an eclectic mix of music, but also, more importantly, runs sobering stories and is a source of comfort on some of the challenges in our community.
We end our Glasgow South West journey in Pollokshields, an area my hon.
Friend  the Member for Brent West (Barry Gardiner)  knows well.
It is a true melting pot of cultures and ideas, and the place where my father’s one-month road journey from Pakistan ended in April 1963.
He would go on to drive buses in the city, and then black cabs—he is in his 80s and he still does.
In the undergrowth of this rich history and potential, however, there are some worrying signals.
There is the weariness of working ever faster and longer just to stay still, the anxiety of wondering how secure that work is, and the trepidation at the end of a day of work that you may not be able to pay for the odd treat that makes life worthwhile, or even the essentials.