He would go on to drive buses in the city, and then black cabs—he is in his 80s and he still does.
In the undergrowth of this rich history and potential, however, there are some worrying signals.
There is the weariness of working ever faster and longer just to stay still, the anxiety of wondering how secure that work is, and the trepidation at the end of a day of work that you may not be able to pay for the odd treat that makes life worthwhile, or even the essentials.
It is against that backdrop that we on the Labour Benches were sent to this place to make the economy work for working people, and to restore the intergenerational covenant —the promise that the lives of the generations after us will be better in every sense than our own.
Politics for me is not, therefore, about the indulgent combative tweet, or even the theatrical amendment.
It is the about seeing the world through the long lens.
It is about having the stamina for diligent analysis, the patience to articulate policy and then, when in power, the discipline to deliver enduring change.
That has always been the Labour way.
Every Member elected to this place recognises electoin for the singular honour that it truly is, but it also takes a village to be elected to this place.
That includes, of  course, the tireless staff and activists who are in many ways the DNA of our democracy, but there are also, for all of us, those who shaped our life and now shape our politics.
When I reflect back, I think of my parents and my extended family, who, from a cradle in a Govanhill tenement, instilled in me the raw ingredients to do my utmost in every walk of life.
I think, too, of my teachers and my mentors, who moulded those ingredients into the art and craft of a widely practised surgical career, and of my wife and children, who keep me connected to the earth and in contact with reality, particularly when it is much needed.
Out of all those people, I think of my maternal aunt, Matloob Mohammad, who stands out.
She had no children of her own and considered us her children.
Like too many in our Labour family, she was taken by glioblastoma—as was my father-in-law, Tony—in 1997.
Her patient journey through our NHS inspired me to become a doctor and then a surgeon.
She also, in many ways, inspired my political journey.
She quite inadvertently introduced me to this place 29 years ago.
After queuing outside, we found ourselves in the Strangers’ Gallery watching a combative Leader of the Opposition by the name of Tony Blair taking on the then Prime Minister.
If she were here today in that Gallery, she could not fail to notice the changes in the make-up of this Parliament reflected back up at her.
We have our challenges in modern Britain, but it is important to be unashamedly proud of the fact that we are demonstrably the most successfully ethno-religiously diverse legislature in the world.
In these volatile times, I believe the world looks to us in this place, the mother of Parliaments, for guidance, and for the solace that democracy can still deliver.
I am confident that it will.
I congratulate you, Madam Deputy Speaker, on your appointment, and it is an honour to follow  the hon.
Member for Mid Buckinghamshire (Greg Smith)  and to hear so many other maiden speeches today.
They make faraway places such as East Thanet and Lowestoft, with which in fact my constituency has old herring connections, seem closer to us.
It has also been a pleasure to hear so many maiden speeches this week from my 35 fellow new Scottish Labour MPs.
I realise that that number somewhat brackets the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the hon.