Of course, wild weather and radical land politics are not the only things that the Western Isles have to offer the United Kingdom.
There are deep connections to the country and to this place itself.
The tide of the Thames that rises and falls outside, marked by Mary Branson’s “New Dawn” high up there in St Stephen’s Hall, is the same tide that covers and uncovers “Sheol an Iolaire”, a tidal installation that I installed in Stornoway harbour, along with my good friend Malcolm MacLean, to mark a wartime tragedy and the loss of a ship of that name.
That same tide that sweeps into the Viking bay of Stornoway also laps Tarbert in Harris, Lochmaddy, North Uist, Lochsboisdale and Castlebay in Barra.
That Hebridean archipelago of nine—or is it 10— islands guards our western approaches.
Were they to be transposed on to a map of mainland Britain, they would run from London to Sheffield in length—with better scenery, of course.
That is why I am reluctant to enter the traditional rivalry between maiden speakers of declaring their constituency the most beautiful in the country: when they come, they will see that there is no competition.
I do not intend to give a Cook’s tour of my constituency, but Barra, the jewel of the Hebrides, is where Angus MacNeil, the former MP for Na h-Eileanan an Iar, resides: fior Ghaidheal—a true Gael—and a generously spirited man, whose chairmanship of many Committees in this House was testimony not just to his political acumen, but to his ability to befriend people across the Chamber.
That is one characteristic of my predecessor that I hope to emulate.
I will not take the House around the whole of the Western Isles, because time is short, but there are some other political monuments that deserve mention.
I have no fewer than four former Labour MPs in my constituency on whom to lean for advice: Dame Anne McGuire, the queen of Stirling; Ian Davidson, the former Chair of the Scottish Affairs Committee, who is still campaigning for Labour; Calum MacDonald, the former Labour MP for the Western Isles and our community wind farm expert; and, foremost among them, Brian Wilson, a former Energy Minister, whose counsel I commend to those on the Front Bench, and who has been a guiding light for me since he hired me at the West Highland Free Press as a journalist many years ago.
In passing, I cannot but pay tribute to those above us.
I do not mean the angels; I mean the devils in the Press Gallery, among whom I danced for many years as a journalist for the Daily Record and The Glasgow Herald and as a freelance broadcaster for the BBC.
Of course, it is Friday and nearly lunchtime, so they are not there.
When I was in the Lobby, it was always nearly Friday, and always nearly lunchtime.
In a double transfer deal, which performed that rare feat of uniting the Westminster Lobby and Downing Street, I am joined on these green Benches by my hon.
Friend  the new Member for Rochdale (Paul Waugh) , who was my Lobby roommate upstairs and will now join me here.
On the old maps, my constituency might have been marked “Here be dragons.”
My hon.
Friend the Member for Rochdale slayed one to get here.
I will not detain the House with descriptions of whisky, salmon, scallops that reach Singapore in 24 hours, Harris tweed or beautiful bays, but I remind the Minister that the people of the Western Isles have the tenacity, the wherewithal and the resourcefulness, embodied in the Arnish yard near Stornoway, to act as a stepping stone in the journey to renewables and to clean energy.
It has been a long road from there to here.
Many people have helped, and since I have arrived I have had many messages of support, and prayers and passages too.