Friends the Members for Kilmarnock and Loudoun (Lillian Jones) and for Ayr, Carrick and Cumnock (Elaine Stewart) to tell more about the man and the myth.
I might remind the House of a prominent American who also made a visit to the constituency.
On  3 March 1960 , Sergeant Elvis Presley spent a precious two hours in Prestwick airport.
I think we can say that the rest was history for that man’s career after some time spent on our precious soil.
If hon.
Members are looking at me today, they may see a whole lotta shakin’ goin’ on here too.
Prestwick is today a centre of the Scottish aerospace sector, with big ambitions.
I was delighted to welcome my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Business and Trade to meet GE Caledonian during the election campaign to hear about the tens of millions of pounds of investment it has already secured.
NATS in Prestwick —helpfully not the Nats from the Opposition Benches, but the UK’s leading provider of air traffic control services—employs 600 highly skilled people at its centre and ensures that the 2.5 million flights to and from the UK each year arrive and depart safely.
Spirit, one of the UK’s largest aerospace manufacturers, announced recently that its Prestwick operations, with over 1,200 people, would be better served by a third-party owner, following an acquisition by Boeing.
I have had assurances from the company that Prestwick is an integral part of its Airbus supply chain and will continue to be a key supplier to Airbus under any new owner.
Aviation is critical to UK and Scottish GDP, and we should all be proud that it is an industry where the UK leads.
I am proud that so much of it is in Central Ayrshire, where there is the potential to do much, much more.
I come from an ordinary working-class family from my constituency.
My mum progressed from working in a factory to representing people at mental health tribunals as a lay advocate.
My dad lost his job in the ’80s and became a council binman—a job he was proud of.
With great teachers and support, I have had incredible opportunities, including a life-changing chance to study piano at the junior school of the Royal Scottish Academy of Music, and latterly being the UK’s trade commissioner in south Asia, working with brilliant British, Indian and Bangladeshi colleagues to bring some tens of thousands of jobs to the UK and billions of pounds of investment.
With the Scotch Whisky Association, I helped secure a 50% reduction in tariffs on Scotch in the state of Maharashtra.
I was delighted to find out that Ardagh Glass in Irvine makes much of the glass that the Scotch whisky market exports around the world.
But on returning to my community to stand as their MP, I was shocked.
Far too many people were struggling, including the woman in Springside who said she turned off her freezer and cried every night from hunger, the man in Girdle Toll who said that he spent much of his life savings on knee surgery rather than waiting in agony, and the family in Troon who have been waiting two decades to access social housing and have given up hope.
Grandparents and parents were asking from where their children’s jobs would come.
I blame failed policies and failed politicians for this poverty and lack of opportunity.
That is why I was proud to campaign for a Labour Government led by my right hon.
and learned Friend the Prime Minister to deliver jobs and bring down bills with GB Energy, increase funding to our NHS and schools, and ensure that the lives of working people across the whole country improve.
From sport and culture to trade and enterprise, this Government will turn struggle into hope and hard work into real opportunity.
I have seen the difference that having opportunities makes.