Now, more than ever, I want to continue their work by helping to ensure that there is a positive and inclusive vision for all in South Cambridgeshire where no one is left behind.
It is distressing that 15% of children in my constituency are living in poverty, with increasing numbers dependent on food banks and free school meals, isolated in villages with no public transport.
This inclusive vision must include our unique and precious chalk streams that connect us—our blue veins; the silvery threads weaving together our villages.
We have the Granta that twinkles through Stapleford, Linton and Balsham; the River Shep that starts in Fowlmere nature reserve and flows through Shepreth and Barrington villages; the River Rhee that flows through Haslingfield and Harston; the Mel that rises in Melbourn and flows through Meldreth; and the Fulbourn and Wilbraham chalk streams.
Residents are rightly outraged at the dumping of raw sewage in these streams and rivers.
I urge the Government to get tougher with the water companies.
Together with the Government, I will champion breathing new life into the Chalk Streams (Protections) Bill.
I have worked professionally for many years with Governments around the world to integrate climate and nature into growth plans, mediating agreements where benefits can flow to local communities.
What motivates me most is how young people see their future.
A recent study on young people found that too many had climate anxiety.
Their most used words were fear, anger, frustration and worry.
There were two main reasons why they felt this way: first, they did not think that decision makers listened to them; and, secondly, they thought that decision makers did not care or take the right decisions for their future.
I have met many young people in South Cambridgeshire who feel this way, and they want action on the twin climate and nature emergencies.
I speak to them now: I want what we do in this Chamber to restore your faith and give you agency, so that together we can be the change that we want.
I congratulate you on your election, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I congratulate hon.
Members on discharging their responsibilities and delivering their maiden speeches, particularly my hon.
Friend  the Member for Na h-Eileanan an Iar (Torcuil Crichton) —I am sure he will correct my pronunciation and give me some honest feedback.
I also welcome the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rutherglen (Michael Shanks) , to the Front Bench.
It is timely that I am making my maiden speech on a day when we are discussing how Scotland might shape the energy needs of these islands for many decades to come.
I thank and pay tribute to my predecessor, Chris Stephens, for his dedicated service to our community over the last nine years.
His commitment to social justice and workers’ rights is inspirational and will leave a lasting impact.
I am particularly thankful for his advice and counsel during the handover process that is currently taking place.
Glasgow South West is a synthesis of many different communities, each with recurring contributions to the 850-year-old second city of empire.
If you will allow me, Madam Deputy Speaker, I will give the House a short synopsis of the place where I live, work and play.
We start in Darnley, Deaconsbank and Pollok, much of it occupying the old Pollok estate, the laird of which —Sir John Stirling-Maxwell—was a Member of this place and founded the National Trust for Scotland in 1931.
In more recent times, these areas have demonstrated the transformative possibilities of their co-operative spirit through the Rosehill housing co-operative and the Pollok credit union.
Moving north, the ruins of Crookston castle come into view.
Built by the Stewarts of Darnley in the 1400s, it is the only medieval castle standing in Glasgow, and it is possibly where Mary, Queen of Scots, was betrothed to Lord Darnley.