I recently met the managing director of Morebus again to call for new services to Hengistbury Head, reinstated services to Throop and better services, such as an improved 33 route to the Royal Bournemouth hospital and the airport.
Does the Minister agree that better buses are good for our communities and our economy, and that there is a lot of growth to unlock in Bournemouth and the south-west with better buses?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend  the Member for Newcastle-under-Lyme (Adam Jogee)  on securing the debate, and on all his efforts and leadership in championing the Irish in Britain and advocating for co-operative relationships with Northern Ireland for many years.
Lá fhéile Pádraig sona daoibh—happy St Patrick’s day.
St Patrick’s day is no longer a day but a season.
It starts sometime in early March, around the time of my birthday, and carries on for a full month.
I think today’s debate marks the end of it.
I have “green fatigue” at this stage of the month, where I do not want to see any more St Patrick’s paraphernalia, and certainly no Guinness, for quite a while.
However, it has once again been a fantastic season, celebrating the best of the Irish community in Britain.
I draw the House’s attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
I am the proud chair of the Labour Party Irish Society, and have been for the past five years.
We represent the Irish community in Britain and champion strong co-operative relationships between Ireland and Britain, and Northern Ireland as well.
Someone touched on the Good Friday agreement, and two years ago I was proud to open the Mo Mowlam film studio for cinematic arts at Ulster University in Derry.
She was one of many great figures from our party who contributed to that peace agreement, which is in the DNA of the Labour party and I am very proud of that.
Many hon.
Members have had a lot to say about Guinness as the sponsor of choice for St Patrick’s day refreshments, but Jameson is also available and Tayto crisps are worth noting.
Tayto are more than a crisp: they are a way of educating people about Ireland and Irish politics.
A lot of people do not know that there are two types of Tayto, one from Northern Ireland and one from the Republic of Ireland—or, as I call them, the Nordie Tayto and the Free Stayto.
That is always a good way of explaining things to people.
As I said in my maiden speech, I am proud to be London-Irish.
That is the community that I grew up in and the community I want to pay tribute to today.
I am also proud to represent Beckenham and Penge, the only constituency in London with a Gaelic place name, as “penge” means “edge of the woods”.
We have a fantastic Irish community.
All four of my grandparents are from Ireland: two grannies from the south and two grandads from the north.
One granny was particularly proud and I was wondering what she would have done if she had still been alive when I was elected.
I know for a fact that she would have gone to 9 am mass and then to 10.30 am mass, to make sure that everyone knew that her grandson had been elected as an MP.
A couple of years ago there was an exhibition at the London Irish Centre curated by the national charity, Irish in Britain, that for the first time that I can remember really told the story of the London-Irish community over several generations.
The London Irish did as much as any community to build this great city.
Irish navvies dug the underground, and Irish construction workers rebuilt our city after the war.