Does the Minister agree that better buses are good for our communities and our economy, and that there is a lot of growth to unlock in Bournemouth and the south-west with better buses?
My hon.
Friend is a fierce advocate for good public transport in his constituency and I absolutely agree with the sentiment of what he said.
Project Willow reported back last week.
Among the options is a hydrogenated esters and fatty acids plant producing sustainable aviation fuel and renewable diesel, and the report recommends a delay in the implementation of the HEFA cap.
Is the Department currently considering that action?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his commitment to Project Willow at Grangemouth.
We introduced a 2% mandate from  1 January , so 2% of all aviation fuel has to come from sustainable sources.
We will be legislating on the revenue certainty mechanism and looking at how we can contribute to the future of that great site.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions if she will make a statement on the changes to personal independence payments and how that will impact those who receive carer’s allowance.
The “Pathways to Work” Green Paper sets out our plan to fix a broken system, providing proper employment support for those who can work, and a strong and sustainable safety net for everybody who needs it.
We will change personal independence payments to focus support on those in the greatest need.
That change will be in primary legislation, with a full debate and scrutiny in Parliament.
The cost of personal independence payments has increased by £2 billion above inflation in each of the past five years, and those increases are carrying on.
That is simply not sustainable.
In the Green Paper, we are consulting on how best to support those affected by the changes to eligibility, for example with transitional protections for those no longer eligible for PIP and for the entitlements linked to it, including carer’s allowance, as referenced in the hon.
Member’s urgent question, and the universal credit carer element, which is an increasingly important part of the picture.
The PIP changes will be implemented from November next year.
They will apply to new claimants and to people at their award review after that date, and those with severe conditions who will never work will be protected.
I pay tribute to the millions of unpaid carers across the country.
We recognise and value their vital contribution, providing care and continuity of support, including to many people with disabilities.
The 2021 census indicated that approximately 5 million people in England and Wales are doing some unpaid care.
As the hon.
Member knows, we are delivering the biggest ever cash increase in the earnings threshold for carer’s allowance, increasing it by £45 a week to £196, benefiting more than 60,000 carers by 2029-30.
Our reforms will build a system that is fairer and more sustainable so that it will always be there for those with the greatest needs to live with the dignity and support that they are entitled to.
Yesterday saw the biggest cuts to carer’s allowance for decades.
Although we need to manage down appropriately the benefits budget, that needs to be done in a way that is caring, compassionate and far from rushed, which is what we saw yesterday.
We are looking at approximately 150,000 carers losing allowances under these proposals.
Half a billion pounds will be taken away from those who care.
The Joseph Rowntree Foundation suggests that some couples will lose £12,000 a year, when PIP cuts and carer’s allowance cuts are taken into account.
While I welcome the apology that the Chief Secretary to the Treasury gave yesterday in relation to his references to pocket money, will the Minister agree that it is inappropriate to compare cuts to PIP with cuts to pocket money?