We see it in trade unions and in the labour movement as well: there was a period a year or two ago when the general secretary of every single major trade union in this country was either first- generation or second-generation Irish.
There is no more visible transformation in the confidence of the London Irish community over time than in the growth of the Mayor of London’s St Patrick’s day parade.
I was very proud to take part in that this month with our mayor, Sir Sadiq Khan.
More than 50,000 people joined and participated in that parade, and London was awash with green.
To sum up, what makes the Irish community so special for me is that it is an inclusive and welcoming community.
At the entrance to the exhibition at the London Irish Centre two years ago, there was a plaque that read:
“Ar scáth a chéile a mhaireann na daoine”,
which means “In the shelter of each other, the people live”.
It is an Irish proverb that sums up what makes our community in Britain so special and sums up neatly the Irish contribution to making our country the great place it is to live.
I again thank my hon.
Friend the Member for Newcastle-under-Lyme for securing this debate, and I thank everyone who has taken part in it.
Yesterday, the all-party parliamentary group on cycling and walking published its report on social justice as it impacts on vulnerable road users.
Injuries to pedestrians could be cut significantly with simple zebra crossings without Belisha beacons.
That would align with the 2022 highway code changes.
Such crossings are common across the world, and they are being trialled around the corner from this building at the Department for Transport.
Will the Government consider amending the guidance for highways authorities so that these crossings can be rolled out across the country?
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps she is taking to help ensure that the transport system supports economic growth.
What steps she is taking to help ensure that the transport system supports economic growth.
Growth is this Government’s No.
1 mission, and transport connectivity is key.
We are getting on with delivering this Government’s plan for change by delivering the basics of a better transport system: cutting journey times and improving connections.
That means improving the everyday journeys that drive growth and improve lives.
I thank the Secretary of State for her response.
Can she update me on the conversations the Department has had with Gateshead council about the state of Gateshead flyover?
This 400-tonne barrier to jobs running through the middle of our town is holding back businesses and growth, and stopping us achieving our full potential.
I recall meeting my hon.
Friend just before Christmas, and I appreciate how critical the resolution of this issue is to his constituents and the wider area.
My officials, along with colleagues from the North East combined authority, have been meeting regularly with Gateshead council to build the case for the regeneration of the area, facilitated by the planned demolition of the flyover.
I know that the Minister for Future of Roads visited Gateshead in January to see the issues for herself.
Scotland’s ferry network to the islands is an essential transport system.
Island communities have at times been effectively cut off due to ferry chaos, disruptive cancellations and expensive repairs.
The SNP has decided to inflict a 10% fare hike and sent a contract for seven new ferries to Poland.
The Scottish Government  are depriving Scotland’s iconic shipbuilding industry of much-needed growth and jobs.
Can the UK Government assist the Scottish Government with fundamental reform of how we procure and run ferries in our country?
As all of us know, Scotland has a world-renowned shipbuilding industry, so it saddens me that, under the SNP, Scotland’s ferries are being built elsewhere.
I am aware that Scottish colleagues want to see reforms to how ferries are run and procured.