”—[Official Report,  3 September 2024 ; Vol.
753, c. 288.]
That is not how unpaid carers are feeling today.
The Minister referred to how the earnings limit for carer’s allowance has increased, but there is still a cliff edge.
Are the Government planning to bring forward plans to link the earnings limit to the 16 hours of employment at the national minimum wage?
We know that those are some of the things that caused the overpayments for carer’s allowance in the first place.
Yes, the earnings threshold will in future be set at 16 times the hourly rate of the national living wage, and that will continue indefinitely.
In addition, the Chancellor announced in the Budget last year that we will look at the idea of an income taper in carer’s allowance to replace the cliff edge, which, as the hon.
Member rightly says, is a feature of it at the moment.
We are looking at that assessment.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for how he is responding to this urgent question.
The Conservatives, after 14 years in government, broke our social security system and created a hostile environment for disabled people, and therefore it is for us—Labour in government—to fix our social security system.
I would like to press my right hon.
Friend on this: 30% of disabled people already live in poverty, and the proposed changes to personal independence payment could see more being pushed further into poverty and many being pushed out of work.
Indeed, the Government’s impact assessment highlighted that 150,000 people could lose carer’s allowance or the carer’s element.
May I press him again to think about how we ensure that we support ill and disabled people as we fix the mess that the Tories have created?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to say that we were left with a broken system.
May I pay tribute to her for her work on the all-party parliamentary group on eye health and visual impairment, which focuses on supporting people into employment?
That is the crucial element of this package.
We will invest substantial sums, rising to £1 billion a year by the end of the Parliament, in supporting people who are out of work on health and disability grounds into work, and I very much look forward to working with her in that endeavour.
When somebody who is out of work moves into a job, the likelihood of their being below the poverty line is halved, so there will be a very positive poverty impact from that commitment.
I have already been contacted by carers in my constituency who are scared about what will happen to them and the people they care for.
I welcome the Minister’s explanations thus far, but there will clearly be a problem with encouraging people who care for others to go out to work, who will say, “Who’s going to care for the person I care for now?”
What message does the Minister have for those who look after very vulnerable people and cannot leave them alone, and who cannot work?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for making that point.
Given his description of the people being cared for, they will continue to receive personal independence payments.
Once the changes have taken effect from November next year, those who do not score at least four points on any of the 10 daily living activities that the benefit conditions set out will not be eligible for personal independence payments.
I would need to look at the particular cases that the hon.
Gentleman has in mind, but I imagine that people who cannot be left alone at home will continue to score at least four points.
Therefore, the carer’s allowance for their carers will continue as at present.
I have the highest respect for my right hon.
Friend, but I am afraid he is not right on this policy.