What steps she is taking to support the aviation sector.
What steps she is taking to support the aviation sector.
The Government have shown that we will support the UK aviation sector by backing airport expansions that promote economic growth while meeting climate and environmental standards.
We have invited proposals for a third runway at Heathrow, and introduced a package of measures to encourage the production and use of sustainable aviation fuel.
Aviation is a crucial part of the UK economy, with regional airports supporting jobs in communities across the UK, but with many more opportunities ahead.
Will the Minister make representations in relation to the industrial strategy both to support the development of hydrogen fuel and to develop the associated infrastructure to make hydrogen-powered aviation a reality?
My hon.
Friend is a great champion in this area.
In addition to the sustainable aviation fuel I mentioned, we recognise the role that hydrogen can play in decarbonising aviation, because it literally produces zero emissions at the tailpipe.
We have invested £63 million in the advanced fuels fund, announced by the Chancellor, which will also be available for power-to-liquids sustainable aviation fuel projects.
I thank the Minister for his answer.
As the Prime Minister pointed out yesterday, Stansted airport is a huge employer and training provider for my constituency of Harlow.
What work is the Department,  alongside the Department for Work and Pensions, doing with employers and training providers in the aviation sector?
I acknowledge that my hon.
Friend is a great champion for the airport near his constituency.
We engage with airports to understand their plans.
Stansted has committed to creating over 5,000 jobs from its £1.1 billion expansion, and it has established an employment skills academy in the Aerozone to boost careers and deliver STEM—science, technology, engineering and maths—outreach.
I encourage him to carry on engaging as he has been doing.
I know that the Aviation Minister will understand the need for a major diversion field in the south-east of England.
With that in mind and in the light of my question to the Prime Minister yesterday, will he welcome the potential reopening of Manston airport in Kent in October 2028, and the huge investment and growth potential that will create?
The right hon.
Member, who raised this with me while I was in opposition and has now done so while I am in government, is a doughty champion for this campaign.
Manston needs to come forward with its plans, which will be subject to a development consent order, and we will then make a judgment about what is in our best interests.
I thank the Minister very much for his answer.
There are lots of training and employment opportunities for young people in careers as cabin crew and pilots, or indeed in aerospace and engineering—for example, at Spirit AeroSystems in Belfast—so what can be done, working alongside the Education Minister, to ensure that those opportunities are made apparent in schools to all the young people who will be the future of our country?
It gives me great pleasure to wish the hon.
Member many happy returns on his 70th birthday earlier this week.
I think he is actually asking to be retrained in aviation skills. [
Laughter.]
Northern Ireland is a great place for the aerospace industry with its three great airports—the two in Belfast and City of Derry/Londonderry—which gives people a lot of skills.
There is no limit to what people can achieve by getting into this industry in Northern Ireland and travelling the world over practising their skills.
I call the shadow Minister.
I add my birthday wishes to  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon) .
Significantly muddled messages are being sent to the aviation sector.