2) Bill, combined with the £23 million we have allocated to Kent county council in 2025-26, will empower local leaders to deliver better bus services for passengers across Kent.
Conservative-run Kent county council recently confirmed that £9 million of the £10 million grant provided by central Government to improve bus services will go solely to propping up existing services.
That is despite the decline in access to bus services over the past 14 years in Kent, as key routes have been abolished or restricted.
My constituents in Broadmead have no weekend bus service into town, for example.
Does the Minister agree that that is a shocking indictment of the services that the Tories have presided over and that change in May at the local elections is how we improve bus services for our constituents?
I could not agree more with my hon.
and learned Friend.
I am absolutely clear that too often local bus services are not delivering for passengers right across the country.
That is why our ambitious reforms to bus services, including through the buses Bill, will give local leaders the powers they desperately need to reform services to best meet the needs of passengers, including in Kent.
I am proud that our reform to bus funding allocations has meant additional funds for buses across the country, unlike under the Conservatives, who presided over 4.7 million fewer bus miles in Kent alone between 2010 and 2023.
If she will make it her policy to allow holders of category B driving licences to drive community buses.
I am sympathetic to the hon.
Member’s concerns, but to date there is not enough evidence to prove that the repeal of the legislation would not have an adverse impact on road safety.
Since 1997, holders of car driving licences have not received an automatic entitlement to drive minibuses; this is primarily to improve road safety.
My constituency is fortunate to have both Dawlish community transport and Newton Abbot community transport.
They provide vital services for many people who would otherwise be isolated and lonely but, like many other volunteer groups, they are finding it hard to recruit.
Recruiting drivers for their minibus services is a particularly.
Anyone who took their driving test before 1997 automatically got a D1 minibus class licence, as I did.
Since then, younger drivers have had to take a new driving test; the estimated associated training and costs are between £800 and £1,800.
Will the Secretary of State work with me to add exceptions to D1 requirements to cover community transport and other volunteer community groups?
Unfortunately, up to 30% of drivers who take the D1 test fail.
When we are considering changes, it is important that safety is at the forefront of our thinking.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help support people to use electric vehicles.
The Government are accelerating the roll-out of charging infrastructure: it was up 32% in the 12 months to  1 March  this year.
We are engaging with industry to improve consumers’ experience, including with contactless payments and design standards.
Electric vehicles also receive favourable tax rates, with targeted grants supporting electric vans, taxis and wheelchair-accessible vehicles.
Some 58,000 households in County Durham, including many in my constituency, are unable to charge their vehicles at home.
What support are the Government giving to innovative local schemes such as kerb charging so that we can make electric vehicles more accessible for all my constituents?
My hon.
Friend will be pleased to hear that charge point numbers increased by 45% in rural areas such as the one he represents, and that the North East combined authority received almost £17.3 million from the local electric vehicle infrastructure fund, which means more public charge points for his constituents.
We are also supporting cross-pavement solutions that provide safe charging options for those without driveways, as he describes.
What assessment her Department has made of the effectiveness of the roll-out of electric vehicle charging infrastructure.