What steps she is taking to improve passenger rail performance.
What recent assessment she has made of the adequacy of passenger rail performance.
We are starting to see train performance stabilise following a decade of decline, and cancellations are no longer  rising.
We have ended the national industrial dispute, bringing passenger confidence back with a 7% increase in passenger journeys.
Furthermore, we have made station-specific performance information available for the first time, as a visible sign that we are determined to improve standards.
I thank the Secretary of State for her answer.
In rural towns, rail links are vital to keep our communities connected, but many stations, such as Shepley station in my constituency, have poor accessibility for disabled and elderly travellers.
Can she offer an update on the Department’s plans to upgrade accessibility at Shepley station through the Access for All programme and through its consideration of the business case submitted by Kirklees council to ensure that all residents can use it?
I can assure my hon.
Friend that accessibility is at the heart of our plans for rail reform.
Although I am not yet able to comment on next steps for Access for All projects at specific stations, such as Shepley in her constituency, I assure her that we are committed to improving the accessibility of the railway.
It will be a priority for Great British Railways.
The Croydon area remodelling scheme would upgrade East Croydon and Norwood Junction stations in my constituency and improve services across the Brighton main line and most of the south-east.
However, after the previous Government withdrew funding for this vital infrastructure project, passengers continue to suffer delays, and opportunities for growth across the south-east remain untapped.
Given the Government’s mission for growth and increased demand for rail services to Gatwick airport, will the Secretary of State look again at the Croydon area remodelling scheme and meet me to discuss how investing in Croydon’s transport infra- structure could unlock growth across the south-east?
I am sorry to say that the previous Government recklessly over-promised on rail infrastructure projects, misleading passengers who have struggled for far too long to access the services that they deserve.
In fact, I would go as far as saying that Conservative Ministers travelled around the country promising rail users the moon on a stick, paid for with fantasy money.
I will gladly meet my hon.
Friend to discuss the Croydon area modelling scheme.
The Secretary of State will know about the planned engineering works between Didcot Parkway and Swindon and in the Paddington area, which will cause significant disruption between London and Bristol and in south Wales this Sunday and next Sunday.
Disruption on major routes causes massive chaos on the rural routes that are accessed via Bristol and further to the south-west.
Then there is the closure of the M4 between Bath and Bristol, which means that there will be no buses between Swindon and Bristol on those days.
The alerts about longer and busier journeys and train cancellations and delays advise us to travel the day before or the day after.
That does not seem adequate.
Will the Secretary of State please pull the rail, bus and road bodies together to avoid clashes such as this, particularly when we face six years of further disruption as a result of High Speed 2 works, which will not benefit the south-west in the slightest?
The hon.
Lady makes a fair point.
Having readjusted my own travel plans for this weekend, I feel her pain somewhat.
This Government recognise that Sunday performance in particular, irrespective of planned engineering works, has not been good enough on Great Western Railway, and we are working actively to address that.
GWR is continuing to make tactical interventions to improve the resilience of timetabling, diagramming and rostering.
I will raise her wider point about join-up between modes with officials in my Department.