Almost 30% of buses do not run on time, and my constituents are sick and tired of being stranded if they do not have a car.
Does the Minister agree that Warwickshire county council must do the right thing and improve the dismal service that my constituents are currently stuck with?
We know that too often local bus services are late or, worse, do not turn up at all, blocking passengers from accessing vital services.
Our reforms to the bus sector, combined with that £1 billion investment in buses, will give local leaders the tools they need to ensure that services truly reflect the needs of passengers.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Yesterday, the Chancellor spoke about the importance of getting individuals back to work in order to grow our economy, but the uneven coverage, unreliability and inaccessibility of our transport network are key barriers that prevent many from doing so.
Furthermore, the Chancellor maintained the decision she took in October to cut the Department for Transport’s budget.
Does the Secretary of State believe that cutting the transport budget is a good way of increasing economic growth?
I know that the Chancellor and her colleagues in the Treasury understand completely the importance of investing in our transport infrastructure to unlock the jobs, homes and opportunities of the future.
People in my constituency desperately need better and faster railway connections across our region and into the north-west of England to connect with jobs and opportunities.
I thank the Secretary of State for her positive engagement with the Welsh Government and the Secretary of State for Wales on the topic of rail infrastructure in Wales.
Will she meet me and colleagues from north Wales to specifically discuss the latest on the north Wales main line?
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
As I said in my letter to Ken Skates in January, we do
“recognise that railways in Wales have seen low levels of enhancement spending in recent years,”
and we will seek to address that.
When the Roads Minister came to Norfolk recently, she was reported to have cast doubt over the approval of the A10 West Winch housing access road, which is essential to unlock thousands of homes and economic growth.
Without the  road, the homes will not be built.
Given the Government’s commitment to house building, will the Transport Secretary reaffirm her support for this long-standing road scheme?
I was pleased to find myself in Norfolk announcing huge amounts of investment in the region’s roads.
There are a large number of schemes awaiting the outcome of the spending review, but I would be happy to write to the hon.
Gentleman about the specific scheme that he raises.
Electric bikes are very popular in my constituency.
However, they travel at high speed—with a maximum speed limit of 15.5 mph—and are heavy, which is causing quite a lot of distress to many residents.
They can be speed-limited, and often are in our parks.
Has the Secretary of State considered a lower speed limit for e-bikes for safety reasons?
E-cycles must comply with the existing regulations, which state that
“electrical assistance must cut off when the vehicle reaches 15.5mph”.
The police already have the power to seize e-cycles and electric motorbikes being used illegally and to fine individuals who fail to stop when instructed to do so.
The Secretary of State will recognise that it is very difficult for private landowners and local authorities along the line of High Speed 2 to plan future development when they do not know what will happen to land that is necessary for construction but is not needed for the long-term operation of the line.
A land disposal strategy for HS2 is overdue.
Can she produce one urgently?
When she does so, will she seek opportunities to benefit communities like those I represent, which are suffering the disruption of the line but will not benefit from its operation?