Over the past decade, we have seen uncertainty in the rail sector.
Will the Minister please reassure me that she will be taking decisions differently, to focus on delivery, especially on links such as Swindon to Oxford?
My hon.
Friend will know of the ministerial team’s commitment to Swindon.
We are committed to delivering a unified and simplified rail system that focuses on improved services for passengers and better value for taxpayers.
We are actively exploring the feasibility of the proposal that he described.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of eastward transport links from Gloucestershire.
The Department is working with the rail industry to improve the performance of rail services in Gloucestershire, while Gloucestershire county council’s scheme for the M5 junction 9 and A46 in Ashchurch is currently being considered as part of the Department’s major road network and large local majors programmes.
The Government recently announced a UK-silicon valley project linking Oxfordshire, Milton Keynes and Cambridge.
There was no mention of  Gloucestershire, with its burgeoning cyber-tech and engineering sectors.
From Gloucestershire, our primary arterial road eastward to Oxfordshire is the A40 and it is woefully inadequate as a single carriageway.
Will the Minister meet me to develop improved links eastward from Gloucestershire to the benefit of our neighbours in the east?
Yes, of course.
What steps she is taking to decarbonise the transport sector.
Our new maritime decarbonisation strategy, which launched this week, is the latest demonstration of this Government’s commitment to decarbonising transport.
We are overhauling public transport services to make the sustainable choice the most convenient one, turbocharging the roll-out of electric vehicles and charging infrastructure, and making the UK a world leader in the production and use of sustainable aviation fuels.
I am delighted that our Labour Mayor of South Yorkshire, Oliver Coppard, is bringing local buses back under public control.
Does the Minister agree that taking back control of our buses will allow us to deliver on a low-carbon future for local transport services?
What steps is she taking to increase the roll-out of zero emission buses nationwide?
I too welcome the steps that Mayor Coppard is taking to deliver better bus services for passengers in South Yorkshire.
I know that the Minister for Local Transport was delighted to launch our new UK bus manufacturing expert panel in Sheffield earlier this month, which will help to ensure the UK remains a leader in bus manufacturing.
Expanding the roll-out of zero emission buses is central to our efforts to decarbonise the bus fleet and improve air quality.
Our Bus Services (No.
2) Bill will accelerate that by requiring bus operators not to use new non-zero emission buses.
What steps are the Government taking to address diesel islands, which are sections of track without electrification such as those between Reading and my constituency, to support the decarbonisation of the transport sector and encourage the transition to cleaner rail travel?
The Rail Minister in the other place is very much focused on how we decarbonise our rail sector.
A combination of electrification and extended use of batteries can allow us to do that.
I am sure he will be happy to write to the hon.
Lady about the specifics of the case she raises.
What steps she is taking to improve the accessibility of bus services in Kent.
Improving access to local bus services throughout England is a priority for this Government.
Our reforms through the Bus Services (No.
2) Bill, combined with the £23 million we have allocated to Kent county council in 2025-26, will empower local leaders to deliver better bus services for passengers across Kent.
Conservative-run Kent county council recently confirmed that £9 million of the £10 million grant provided by central Government to improve bus services will go solely to propping up existing services.
That is despite the decline in access to bus services over the past 14 years in Kent, as key routes have been abolished or restricted.