I am really pleased to hear about St Paul’s.
Giving young people cycle skills is so important, which is why we are investing £30 million a year in Bikeability cycle training in England.
Active travel is a devolved matter, but I am sure my counterpart in the Scottish Government will consider a visit.
Active travel in Eastbourne is being undermined by the poor quality of our roads.
We have potholes on Pacific Drive, Upperton Road, King’s Drive and Milfoil Drive, and poor investment in pedestrian crossings.
Residents in the Hawthorns cannot cross the road safely on Carew Road or The Avenue.
Will the Minister urge Conservative-run East Sussex county council to get a grip of our roads and crossings, and properly invest hard-earned taxpayers’ money to address those transport challenges?
I will indeed join the hon.
Gentleman in calling on the council to do just that.
There has been a 40% uplift in the funding to tackle our highway backlog and potholes.
Some of that money can be used on improving walkways and cycleways, which are part of the highway.
Women cycle a lot less than men—71% of women do not cycle, compared with 54% of men.
Safety concerns are the main barrier.
That gender gap is not acceptable.
What are the Government doing to address that?
The hon.
Lady raises a very important question, and I am passionate about this issue.
She will be aware that the Government will be bringing forward a new road safety strategy—the first one in over a decade.
Part of that will be looking at how we can address that imbalance and the perception of and actual issues with safety on our highways.
What steps she is taking to help improve road safety for gig economy couriers using two-wheeled vehicles.
This Government have announced a £500 million road maintenance funding uplift for next year, as well as £300 million for active travel schemes.
That will improve road conditions and safety for all road users, including delivery riders.
Two-wheeled couriers working in the gig economy experience more road dangers than average riders due to time pressures from employers.
Research from University College London shows that gig economy riders are three times as likely to report damage to their vehicle and nearly twice as likely to  report injury.
What steps are being taken, including with employers of gig economy riders and other stake- holders, to protect gig economy riders and reduce dangers for them and other road users and pedestrians?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that important issue, which I know will be familiar to many Members across the House.
In December, the Minister for Local Transport wrote to the main food delivery companies to remind them of the importance the Government place on the safety of food delivery riders and other road users and to remind them of their obligations.
It is essential that delivery riders follow the highway code, despite the time pressure they are sometimes operating under.
What steps she is taking to improve local bus services.
What steps she is taking to improve local bus services.
Improving local bus services is vital to kick-starting economic growth.
Through our Bus Services (No.
2) Bill and the £1 billion we are investing to support and improve bus services, we are taking definitive action to help deliver the better, more reliable bus services that passengers deserve throughout the country.
I was delighted to see the results of the recent Transport Focus survey, which show that passenger satisfaction has increased to 83%.
We can and will do more.
I thank the Minister for his response.
In Watford, private bus operators such as Arriva change bus routes on a whim, usually providing less frequent services and sometimes withdrawing them altogether.
That leaves Hertfordshire county council scrambling to plug gaps in services through expensive contracts.