If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
I put on record my thanks to all those involved in responding to the major incidents that we have seen unfold on land and at sea in recent weeks.
The collisions of vessels in the North sea and the fire at the electricity  substation serving Heathrow have caused disruption and distress.
I am pleased that recovery has been swift, and I am clear that no stone should be left unturned either in identifying the causes of the incidents or in learning lessons for the future.
I am pleased with the work taking place across my Department to keep Britain moving.
On Monday, we announced what councils need to do to unlock their full share of almost £1.6 billion of investment to repair our broken roads.
For the first time, we are asking every council in England to tell us how many potholes it has fixed to unlock its allocation.
As we strive to make our trains more reliable, I welcome the end of the Avanti West Coast dispute.
Transport continues to drive the Government’s plan for change, unlocking jobs, growth and opportunities for all.
Last weekend in my constituency, our Shrewsbury Moves festival celebrated progress towards our 10-year plan to implement more inclusive and integrated public transport across our beautiful medieval town.
What additional transport is the Department making available to historic and economically thriving towns such as Shrewsbury in order to combat congestion by enabling more integrated public transport?
The Aviation Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wythenshawe and Sale East (Mike Kane) , tells me that he was at Shrewsbury Moves on his wedding anniversary and had a very good time.
The integrated national transport strategy will set the long-term vision for transport in England.
Different places face different challenges, so we want to enable local leaders to deliver the right transport for communities.
That will always include good public transport, as well as schemes that balance the needs of drivers, cyclists and pedestrians on the roads.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
When the Government handed the ASLEF trade union an eye-watering £9 billion pay agreement in the summer, they promised that it would
“protect passengers from further national strikes”.
Yet recently the Secretary of State said on national television that
“there will be occasions on which strikes will be necessary”.
Will she provide the House with an example of a necessary strike?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that I have extensive experience from my time in London, where we did take strikes when safety was at risk.
That is one direct example that I can give him.
The Secretary of State will be aware that in response to her Department’s recent rail consultation, the trade unions welcomed her plan and said that a just transition to nationalisation would mean the levelling up of pay and conditions for rail workers.
The cost of that to the taxpayer could be considerable.
Would she consider a strike over harmonising pay and conditions to be a necessary strike?
Let us be clear: the cost of those national rolling strikes over two years was £850 million in lost revenue.
I am sorry, but I am not going to take any lessons from the shadow Secretary of State on industrial relations on the railway.
I have launched a petition in my constituency asking Warwickshire county council to take our buses back under public control.
Almost 30% of buses do not run on time, and my constituents are sick and tired of being stranded if they do not have a car.
Does the Minister agree that Warwickshire county council must do the right thing and improve the dismal service that my constituents are currently stuck with?
We know that too often local bus services are late or, worse, do not turn up at all, blocking passengers from accessing vital services.