For instance, the delivery of HS2 phase 1 will more than double long-distance seated capacity between London and the west midlands, and many projects that will increase capacity are being funded through the rail network enhancements pipeline, particularly in the north and midlands.
I pay tribute to Brian Dunsby OBE, who was a pillar of the Harrogate business community.
He tirelessly campaigned to improve our railways, including getting a direct service from London to Harrogate.
One of the issues that we spoke about before he sadly passed away was how the Leeds to York line via Harrogate becomes a single track at Knaresborough, which has implications for running higher levels of services and for delays, as once one service is delayed, the entire day can quickly fall.
I am launching a campaign for the dualling of the line between Knaresborough and York so that the railways serving our communities are fit for purpose.
Will the Secretary of State join me in that?
Will she offer any advice on how we can go about securing that investment?
May I express my condolences on the loss of the rail campaigner and constituent the hon.
Member mentioned?
I am aware that Network Rail is looking at both electrification schemes and potentially longer platform schemes for stations that serve his constituency, but I recognise that he is talking about dual tracking.
May I suggest that he seeks a meeting with the Rail Minister in the other place to discuss that in more detail?
My constituents in Uttoxeter have no trains on a Sunday until 3 pm due to long-standing Network Rail staffing issues in signal boxes.
With Uttoxeter’s growing population, it is unacceptable that residents are left without transport for much of the day on Sunday.
I thank the Rail Minister for his engagement with me so far, but will the Secretary of State say more about how the Government are improving the reliability of train services?
I am clear that we must have a seven-day railway where trains are as likely to turn up on a Sunday afternoon as they are on a Monday morning.
We are working with train operating companies across the country, including those that serve my hon.
Friend’s constituents in Uttoxeter, and I am happy to provide more information to him in writing about the specific action we are taking in his constituency.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
In 2017, South Western Railway ordered 90 new Arterio trains to increase capacity on its rail network.
They were meant to enter service in 2019.
However, six years later, only five are in service—presumably not counting the empty one that sailed by a teeming and seething platform at Wimbledon this morning.
With SWR set to be in Government hands in two months, what steps will be taken to ensure that those trains are finally brought into service?
I know that the Rail Minister is seized of this issue.
He has spoken to me about it, and I understand that it relates to issues with lighting on platforms, what can be seen from the CCTV cameras and the role of the guard.
We are across the detail, and it is important that those issues are resolved before the trains are brought into public ownership on  25 May .
What steps she is taking to support the proposed railway line between Swindon and Oxford.
Great Western Railway is currently operating a trial of direct Saturday services between Bristol Temple Meads and Oxford that call at Swindon.
Officials are working with Great Western Railway to explore the feasibility of expanding the current Saturday trial of services between Bristol and Oxford to other days of the week.
Over the past decade, we have seen uncertainty in the rail sector.
Will the Minister please reassure me that she will be taking decisions differently, to focus on delivery, especially on links such as Swindon to Oxford?
My hon.