Can the UK Government assist the Scottish Government with fundamental reform of how we procure and run ferries in our country?
As all of us know, Scotland has a world-renowned shipbuilding industry, so it saddens me that, under the SNP, Scotland’s ferries are being built elsewhere.
I am aware that Scottish colleagues want to see reforms to how ferries are run and procured.
In the meantime, I urge the Scottish Government to reconsider sending vital jobs and investment abroad.
I welcome the Secretary of State’s comments on improving everyday transport for UK residents, and her comments on Scottish ferries.
Does she agree that my constituency, on the Isle of Wight, should not be left behind in the Government’s transport plans?
Will she agree to intervene and look at all options in order to regulate private equity—currently, we are entirely reliant on it for our connectivity with the UK mainland, which is harming our local economy—and to look at the potential of empowering any future combined mayoral authority with some regulatory power over cross-Solent transport?
I had a useful meeting with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Isle of Wight West (Mr Quigley)  about this issue a couple of weeks ago, and I am afraid he slightly beat the hon.
Gentleman to it in suggesting that we should consider what powers might be available through any future mayoral combined authority.
Let me assure the hon.
Gentleman that we are speaking to stakeholders across the island, including the ferry operators, to understand these issues in more depth and how we might make improvements going forward.
That engagement will continue, and my hon.
Friend the Maritime Minister will have a meeting with all stakeholders in due course.
Regional growth is really important for the wider economy.
There has been a huge focus on London airports—Heathrow, Gatwick and Luton—in recent weeks.
What efforts is the Transport Secretary making to address regional growth and regional airport investment?
I meet my counterpart in the Scottish Government regularly, and I will discuss this issue with her.
The potential expansion of Heathrow is very important for regional connectivity to our other airports.
With regard to Scottish airports, if there are specific issues that the hon.
Gentleman would like to bring to my attention, I would be very happy to have that conversation with him.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the provision of public transport in Newcastle-under-Lyme.
Transport that meets local, regional and national needs is vital for delivering this Government’s missions, and I am determined that communities like  those in Newcastle-under-Lyme will benefit.
The Chancellor announced over £650 million for local transport outside city regions at the autumn Budget, and the Secretary of State will confirm the allocations soon.
A well-connected transport system is critical to the local economy, a healthy population and a sense of pride in our communities.
However, many of my Newcastle-under-Lyme constituents in Betley, Bradwell, Wolstanton, Audley and the rest of the villages have made it clear that they cannot access medical or retail services due to a lack of local bus provision, hurting our shops and the health and wellbeing of my constituents.
Will the Minister come to Newcastle-under-Lyme to meet me so that we can establish a path forward to get my constituents the bus services they need?
While I would always welcome the opportunity to meet my hon.
Friend, I urge him to lobby Staffordshire county council, which will get £11.1 million in bus funding in 2025-26, consisting of £5.8 million in revenue and £5.3 million in capital, specifically to support and improve bus services and infrastructure across Staffordshire, including in his constituency.
What steps she is taking to support the aviation sector.
What steps she is taking to support the aviation sector.
The Government have shown that we will support the UK aviation sector by backing airport expansions that promote economic growth while meeting climate and environmental standards.