Half a billion pounds will be taken away from those who care.
The Joseph Rowntree Foundation suggests that some couples will lose £12,000 a year, when PIP cuts and carer’s allowance cuts are taken into account.
While I welcome the apology that the Chief Secretary to the Treasury gave yesterday in relation to his references to pocket money, will the Minister agree that it is inappropriate to compare cuts to PIP with cuts to pocket money?
I very much agree that this all needs to be done in a managed and compassionate way, which is exactly what we are doing, so I do not agree  that it is being rushed.
As I have said, the changes will not happen for more than 18 months—they will not take effect until November 2026.
They will not affect current recipients of personal independence payment until their first award review after November 2026, and review periods are typically three years, so this is definitely not being rushed.
It will happen in a properly planned, staged and careful way.
The hon.
Gentleman referred to couples losing £12,000.
I think he must be referring to instances of people who receive personal independence payment and also receive carer’s allowance for caring for their spouse—he is right that there are some instances of that.
There are couples for whom that happens both ways.
The transitional arrangements we are consulting on, which are referred to in the Green Paper, need to take account of that incidence, but it is absolutely the right thing to do, to ensure that personal independence payment continues in the long term as part of a sustainable benefit system.
We do have to make some reductions, as I think the hon.
Gentleman acknowledged.
If he has another idea on how that can be done, I am interested to know what it is.
By concentrating on those whose impairments are the most severe, which the proposed changes will do, we will be able to ensure that the benefit is there for the long term and that it is sustainable.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that in order to safeguard the future of the welfare system, we must ensure that it is sustainable?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right; we have to do that.
Five years ago, we were spending £12 billion on personal independence payment, and this year, in current prices, we will spend £22 billion.
The Government have to address that, precisely as he says, in order to ensure that this crucial safety net is there for the long term.
We will not be means-testing it, freezing it or converting it into vouchers, as the Conservative party suggested; we want it to be a cash benefit that can meet the needs of those who depend on it.
I call the shadow Minister.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Torbay (Steve Darling)  on bringing this important matter before the House.
In government, my party supported carers: we increased carer’s allowance by £1,500 and, with the support of the Liberal Democrats, introduced carer’s leave.
We are united again today in dismay at what this Government are doing.
The Government had 14 years to prepare their welfare reforms.
We had nothing for eight months, and then everything in a rush, because the Chancellor crashed the economy.
With growth this year cut in half, inflation rising further, unemployment up, productivity down, debt interest soaring, a record tax burden and 200,000 people being pushed into absolute poverty by the measures taken by this Government, they have had an emergency Budget containing cuts to benefits for disabled people.
Perhaps if they were not in such a rush, they would have realised that these crude reforms also impact carers.
Some 150,000 people who gave up income to look after a loved one, and who rely on carer’s allowance to make ends meet, are now going to lose it.