A land disposal strategy for HS2 is overdue.
Can she produce one urgently?
When she does so, will she seek opportunities to benefit communities like those I represent, which are suffering the disruption of the line but will not benefit from its operation?
This is a matter that I am seeking to expedite, as I recognise the uncertainty it causes for landowners and communities along the line.
I will take the right hon.
and learned Gentleman’s wider point into consideration.
East Midlands Railway has a new fleet of trains that will be on the tracks this year—a £400 million investment.
These trains can be powered by electrified tracks, but can revert to diesel when travelling on the parts of the midland main line that are not yet electrified.
As electrification means cleaner air, less diesel and quieter and faster trains, does the Secretary of State agree that the more of the track that can be electrified, the better it will be for passengers, communities and the environment?
I do agree that Government investment in new bi-mode trains and electrification on east midlands railways will result in lower energy costs, a reduction in noise emissions and a significant improvement to the railways.
As the Secretary of State will be aware, the Government moved the money earmarked for Aldridge train station on the  whim of the Labour Mayor, sadly making Aldridge residents feel that they are no longer cared about.
As the Government say that they are minded to grant open access from Wrexham to Euston, will they work with me to demonstrate to the people of Aldridge that they do actually care by working to deliver a train station by 2027, as planned and budgeted for by the Conservatives?
I find it rather strange that every month I come to the Dispatch Box and answer the same question from the right hon.
Lady, given that she was Rail Minister for a number of years.
I am very happy to discuss the importance of Aldridge station with the Mayor of the West Midlands and to update the right hon.
Lady further.
I call the Chair of the Transport Committee.
Yesterday, the all-party parliamentary group on cycling and walking published its report on social justice as it impacts on vulnerable road users.
Injuries to pedestrians could be cut significantly with simple side road zebra crossings without Belisha beacons.
That would align with the 2022 highway code changes.
Such crossings are common across the world, and they are being trialled around the corner from this building at the Department for Transport.
Will the Government consider amending the guidance for highways authorities so that these crossings can be rolled out across the country?
The Government agree that everyone should have the opportunity to walk or cycle, whatever their background, and we will obviously study the contents of the report in detail, which correctly highlights some of the ways in which cycle to work schemes, for example, might be reformed.
The Government agree that adapted cycles, which are included in the report, also play an important role in providing freedom and independence.
The root cause of the pothole problem is councils’ inability to afford to resurface roads.
Wokingham borough council saw no uplift in resurface funding for many years, with no account taken of inflation or new roads.
This is a legacy of the Conservative party in government, leading to maintenance funding per mile effectively being halved.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the urgent need for funding for resurfacing of new roads?
I am afraid that the hon.
Gentleman’s local council has suffered the same fate as councils across the country as a result of the under-investment in local roads maintenance under the previous Government, but they will now have benefited from their share of our £500 million uplift for the year ahead, and they are absolutely encouraged to use that to resurface the roads and fix potholes.