Friend will be pleased to hear that charge point numbers increased by 45% in rural areas such as the one he represents, and that the North East combined authority received almost £17.3 million from the local electric vehicle infrastructure fund, which means more public charge points for his constituents.
We are also supporting cross-pavement solutions that provide safe charging options for those without driveways, as he describes.
What assessment her Department has made of the effectiveness of the roll-out of electric vehicle charging infrastructure.
rose—[Interruption.]
It actually follows rather well, because—
Order.
The Minister has to answer the question first.
It is lovely that people are so keen.
Charge point availability is increasing everywhere.
As of  1 March , there were over 75,000 UK public charging devices, with one added to the network every 29 minutes, but we recognise that there are still regional disparities.
The local EV infrastructure fund will deliver a further 100,000 charge points right across England.
We new boys are still finding our way, Mr Speaker.
My part of the world, Yorkshire, has the lowest EV charging points per head of the whole country.
The National Audit Office has pointed out that only 15% of charging points are in rural areas, compared with 44% in London and the south-east.
The net zero aims will collapse if we do not fix the equitable provision of EV charging points.
What will the Government do to correct those problems?
The right hon.
Member is absolutely right to raise concerns that although charge point availability is increasing rapidly, there are regional disparities and differences between urban and rural areas.
The local EV infrastructure fund is designed purposely to tackle some of that regional disparity.
As I say, charge points in rural areas have increased by 45% in the last year.
The East Riding of Yorkshire, which covers the right hon.
Member’s constituency, has received £2.7 million in LEVI funding; I hope that that will deliver the improvements he seeks for his constituents.
Will the Minister update us on the zero emission vehicle mandate consultation?
When can the sector expect an outcome?
I know that the global challenges facing the automotive industry have been significant over the past couple of months.
During the ZEV mandate consultation, my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State and I met 95% of the vehicle manufacturers.
We are currently considering carefully the representations that they and others have made.
We will make a further announcement later in the spring.
What steps she is taking to support the maritime sector.
This week we published our maritime decarbonisation strategy, setting decarbonisation goals, along with policy and regulatory measures, to support the sector through the net zero transition.
The strategy provides clarity to the sector and will unlock investment in clean maritime technologies, ensuring that the sector is prepared for a zero-emission future.
The lower Thames crossing announcement a couple of days ago was a disappointment to many of my constituents.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we can use a small proportion of the tolls to support the maritime sector, particularly the Tilbury-Gravesend ferry, to reduce congestion and rat-running through the villages?
I recently met my hon.
Friend about her campaign to reinstate the local ferry.
Local ferries are a matter for the competent local transport authority, and I call on Kent county council to help her in that campaign to re-establish the ferry.
I know that she is working with maritime partners, but I am happy to meet her.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
I put on record my thanks to all those involved in responding to the major incidents that we have seen unfold on land and at sea in recent weeks.
The collisions of vessels in the North sea and the fire at the electricity  substation serving Heathrow have caused disruption and distress.