Will the Minister meet me to discuss the urgent need for funding for resurfacing of new roads?
I am afraid that the hon.
Gentleman’s local council has suffered the same fate as councils across the country as a result of the under-investment in local roads maintenance under the previous Government, but they will now have benefited from their share of our £500 million uplift for the year ahead, and they are absolutely encouraged to use that to resurface the roads and fix potholes.
I thank the Minister for her answer on the work the Government are doing with businesses to support people dealing with the consequences of the gig economy and road safety.
Will she join with me in my work to ensure that the area around Baker Street is safer for residents, and will she work with me and  residents around Baker Street to make the case to gig economy businesses that we need to do more on enforcement and on the regulation of these workers?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise concerns.
Obviously, enforcement of the rules on using cycles and e-cycles is a matter for the police, but I would be very happy to meet her to discuss the issue.
This week the Government have given a commitment to providing extra EV charging units right across this United Kingdom, so may I ask the Minister a very helpful question?
What discussions has she had with the Northern Ireland Assembly in relation to expanding EV charging infrastructure in the devolved nations?
How can we help Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales to catch up?
As a departmental team, we have regular meetings with our colleagues across the devolved Governments, including on issues of how to extend EV charging, and I would be very happy to pick that up with the hon.
Gentleman further.
My constituency has a very successful passenger branch line, but there also used to be a freight line.
There is a tiny piece of track that, quite inexpensively, could be reopened to carry tin and lithium out through the docks.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the possibility of doing that?
This Government are committed to moving more freight from road to rail, which is the right thing to do for our environment and our economy.
I would be happy to have that meeting with my hon.
Friend.
Derby station has recently been revealed as the seventh worst for delays in the UK.
When people cannot get to work on time, it is not just a pain for them; it also impacts productivity and holds back our local economies.
Will the Secretary of State outline the steps she is taking to tackle delayed trains in Derby and the east midlands, so that the transport system supports economic growth rather than holding it back?
We are working closely with East Midlands Railway and CrossCountry to resolve cancellations and delays, whether related to train fleets, staffing or infrastructure matters.
The reduction in funding for our waterways by 5% year on year from 2027 will have a detrimental impact on the operations of the Dudley Canal and Caverns Trust.
Will my right hon.
Friend commit to a review of the funding of our waterways and reinstate that support?
I am happy to look into that issue for my hon.
Friend and provide her with a written update.
I recently met the managing director of Morebus again to call for new services to Hengistbury Head, reinstated services to Throop and better services, such as an improved 33 route and routes to the Royal Bournemouth hospital and the airport.
Does the Minister agree that better buses are good for our communities and our economy, and that there is a lot of growth to unlock in Bournemouth and the south-west with better buses?
My hon.
Friend is a fierce advocate for good public transport in his constituency and I absolutely agree with the sentiment of what he said.