The Government’s plans in the Green Paper say nothing about how the terminally ill or their carers will be affected by these cuts.
Can the Minister guarantee today that they will not be plunged into deeper poverty?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for raising that point, but the Green Paper is very clear about the protections provided for people who are terminally ill.
There are special rules in place, and they will absolutely be maintained.
She can be very much reassured about what the Green Paper says about that group.
If there is a point that I have missed that she has spotted, I would be grateful to hear about it, but we have very robust protections for those people for exactly the reasons she sets out.
I grew up caring for two disabled parents.
As I said in my maiden speech, I would not be here if it was not for the sacrifices they made when they had so little in the first place.
I have seen both my mother and my father forced out of work by their poor health.
I have seen their mental health suffer, because they could not get a foot in the door of the NHS.
I have seen the consequences in our family home; they suffered significant bouts of depression.
I know the dignity and importance of work to people who want to and can work.
When my parents’ health got worse, they could not work, so I know the importance of protections for people like them.
I am pleased that the Government are emphasising both parts of the issue.
Will the Minister please assure my constituents, who are concerned because of the leak, into which an official inquiry is under way, that the Government are truly listening to our constituents?
Will he give the assurance that, through the pathways to work consultation, the Government want to hear from disability groups in my constituency, including the Cambian  Wing college, whose representatives I met on Monday, and other organisations?
Will he also reassure the public that the Government are committed to closing the disability employability gap?
We need employers to support people into work, too.
I understand that this is a very important urgent question—that is why it was granted—but I need to try to get everybody in; that is what I am bothered about.
If we can speed up questions and answers, that would help us all.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for bringing his experience to this debate.
I can absolutely give him the reassurance he seeks.
Earlier in the week, I wrote to the Secretary of State, asking her to confirm that the plans would not go ahead if the proposals were assessed as being harmful to disabled people.
The equality analysis says that the families who will lose out are estimated to represent 20% of all families who report having someone with a disability in the household.
Given that PIP is not related to work, and that the money cannot be made up through work changes, does the Minister agree that proceeding is not acceptable when there is this level of harm?
The assessment published yesterday is that 90% of those receiving the daily living PIP component will continue to receive that benefit after the changes take effect, so I think the concern that the hon.
Lady raises is not entirely appropriate.
Like thousands of others, I carried out my caring responsibilities this morning before I came to this place.
I have first-hand experience of worrying about paying the bills every month due to caring responsibilities—something I no longer have to worry about.
Will the Minister consider whether we need a plan across Government Departments to identify the support available to ensure that carers can work, and that they and their loved ones do not fall into poverty as a result of the announcements made?