Therefore, the carer’s allowance for their carers will continue as at present.
I have the highest respect for my right hon.
Friend, but I am afraid he is not right on this policy.
As a former physiotherapist, I know that many people will not be able to claim carer’s allowance.
Now that we have had the impact assessment, we have seen that nearly 400,000 disabled people will be pushed further into poverty, including 50,000 children, and that 150,000 carers will lose the lifeline of carer’s allowance.
We do not have a social care system to replace it; besides, social care is more expensive.
Today, I want to speak truth to power.
Sometimes Governments get things wrong, and I ask the Government to seriously reflect on these policies.
The first half of Pathways to Work is good, but the second half will let a lot of people down.
Please reflect, and please withdraw this policy.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend, but we will not withdraw the policy.
We will certainly reflect on it, and we will consult properly on the content of the Green Paper.
The figures published by the Office for Budget Responsibility yesterday showed that the benefit changes, on their own, will take 250,000 people, including 200,000 adults, below the poverty line, but that is before any consideration of the impact of the big commitment that we are making to employment support —up to £1 billion a year by the end of the Parliament.
That will clearly have a very positive effect in reducing poverty.
The Office for Budget Responsibility will look at all of this over the summer and then update its figures in the autumn.
We will see what it concludes, but I think the balance of this package will be very positive for reducing poverty in the UK.
To help families, the last Government put in place the household support fund, which this Government have continued.
However, it is due to run out in 2026, when the Minister’s changes are coming in.
What hope is there for households who need emergency support if the household support fund will be dropped when his changes come in?
We have retained the household support fund, as the hon.
Member rightly points out, and the future arrangements will be set out in due course.
However, I can reassure him of the absolute commitment of this Government to supporting families who need our support.
The child poverty taskforce is working on this issue at the moment, and will bring forward a strategy to address the problem of child poverty.
The figures published this morning on households  below average income show just what a huge challenge there is, given the very high level of child poverty left by the previous Government.
We will be addressing that.
I thank the Minister for paying tribute to carers for the economic and social contribution they make, and for the biggest ever increase in the employment earnings threshold for carers.
There is a lot of worry about the changes, so could the Minister confirm that nobody on PIP will be impacted by them until November 2026 at the earliest?
In the meantime, I will be working with disabled groups in my constituency to understand the impact on individuals, and the impact of the investment on supporting disabled people into work.
The Minister spoke about transitional arrangements.
How can I ensure that the views of disabled people in Newcastle upon Tyne Central and West feed into decisions about the implementation of these changes?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to underline again the hugely important contribution, not least economic contribution, made by carers.
The consultation is under way, and it will run for a full 12 weeks from the time when all the accessible versions of the Green Papers are published, which will be in early April.