My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to underline again the hugely important contribution, not least economic contribution, made by carers.
The consultation is under way, and it will run for a full 12 weeks from the time when all the accessible versions of the Green Papers are published, which will be in early April.
I would be very grateful if she encouraged the organisations that she is working with to respond to that consultation, and I would also be very interested to hear and see her response to it.
We will take those contributions extremely seriously as we finalise the details of these proposals.
Before I put my question to the Minister, I am sure that the House will want to join me in offering condolences to Keith Brown, our deputy party leader, on the death of his wife Christina McKelvie, who was a very distinguished and long-serving Member of the Scottish Parliament and a Minister.
The impact assessment snuck out yesterday under cover of the spring statement confirmed what the SNP has been warning about for some time.
Labour’s austerity cuts will have a devastating effect, with the poorest and most vulnerable in society forced to foot the bill for the Chancellor’s incompetence.
Some 150,000 people will be affected by the changes to carer’s allowance, but also—at an absolute minimum—250,000 people, including 50,000 children, will be forced into poverty.
These are very modest assessments; I heard  the hon.
Member for York Central (Rachael Maskell)  give a figure of 400,000 people.
Labour promised that it would improve living standards, but with the full extent of the damage now spelled out, does Labour’s promise not lie in tatters?
What will it take for the Government to change course before irreversible harm is done?
I echo the hon.
Gentleman’s condolences.
The figures were certainly not snuck out yesterday; I do not think anyone can accuse the Office for Budget Responsibility of sneaking them out.
They were published on the day of the spring statement, as they always are and always have to be.
Let me make it clear that spending on the personal independence payment will continue to increase above inflation.
It will not increase as fast as it would have done if we had done nothing, but the advantage is that the funding for that  benefit will be sustainable, and that is vital because so many people depend on it.
It is not going to be means-tested and it is not going to be frozen.
It will be there for the long term.
There is real fear among many of my Calder Valley constituents with disabilities and with caring responsibilities about the proposed changes to PIP, and that fear has been exacerbated by some of the reporting.
Can the Minister please give me a categorical assurance that the consultation on these measures is genuine, and that the Government will ensure that the responses of disabled people and of disability rights campaigns such as Scope will be given the weight they deserve?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise those points.
I can give him the assurance that he seeks.
Indeed, I spoke to Scope yesterday, and to other disability charities.
Yes, this will be a proper consultation, and we will listen very carefully to what people say to us in response.
Terminal illness devastates people’s finances.
More than 100 terminally ill people every month are refused PIP, and every day 300 people die in poverty, having fallen through the cracks of our benefits system.
Many family carers in the midst of bereavement are then left with nothing.
The Government’s plans in the Green Paper say nothing about how the terminally ill or their carers will be affected by these cuts.
Can the Minister guarantee today that they will not be plunged into deeper poverty?
I am grateful to the hon.