A couple of years ago there was an exhibition at the London Irish Centre curated by the national charity, Irish in Britain, that for the first time that I can remember really told the story of the London-Irish community over several generations.
The London Irish did as much as any community to build this great city.
Irish navvies dug the underground, and Irish construction workers rebuilt our city after the war.
I know that we have a fantastic construction industry in London, with so many Irish people involved, and today we have the founder of and members from the London Irish Construction Network, including Sean Daly and Frank O’Hare, here to watch the debate.
As was touched on by my hon.
Friend the Member for Newcastle-under-Lyme, waves of thousands of young Irish women came to staff our hospitals at the birth of the NHS in this country.
Those women, known as the Angels of Mercy, were often overlooked but essential to the NHS.
I spent a lot of time in NHS hospitals as a teenager, especially the Royal London hospital and the Royal National orthopaedic hospital.
My Irish dad would often look after me, and we would often encounter an Irish nurse.
Before I could get treated, they had to establish how they knew each other.
It would begin with, “What county are you from?”,
then, “What town are you from?
Do you know so and so?”
Once they had made that connection, we were free to get on with our day.
The Irish in Britain have maintained that relationship with the NHS ever since, and I am really proud that there are more Irish staff in the NHS today than staff from any other European country.
Even if we think back more recently to the global health emergency of covid, it was an Irish woman, Professor Teresa Lambe, who co-developed the Oxford-AstraZeneca vaccine.
It was then Margaret Keenan, an Irish woman from Enniskillen living in Coventry and a former NHS nurse, who became the first person in the world to have the vaccine.
The Irish connection to the NHS is really deep and strong, and our community is incredibly proud of it.
However, the exhibition also charted the history of how the Irish community was received here, which, as has been touched on, was not always easy.
Alongside the Windrush generation and the West Indian community —it is important to remember that there has been a lot of solidarity between those communities—it was often treated with suspicion and subjected to discrimination, including through signs that read “No blacks, no dogs, no Irish”.
However, the London Irish community and the Irish community across Britain today is a community transformed.
It is confident in the contributions it makes to every aspect of life in Britain—economic, political, social and cultural.
The Irish community help to make our country the great place it is to live.
I extend that beyond London to the home counties as well.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Reading Central (Matt Rodda) , who is here today but cannot take part in the debate, has long been a champion of Irish contributions to Reading football club and to the Reading Irish Centre, which I have been to and which does incredible work to support the Irish community in Reading.
As well as celebrating the contributions of the Irish community in Britain, I will touch on a campaign I started in the last few weeks to secure justice for  13,000 survivors of Ireland’s mother and baby homes living in Britain.
We often need to remember the reason why lots of people left Ireland and decided to come to Britain.