Friend  the Member for Reading Central (Matt Rodda) , who is here today but cannot take part in the debate, has long been a champion of Irish contributions to Reading football club and to the Reading Irish Centre, which I have been to and which does incredible work to support the Irish community in Reading.
As well as celebrating the contributions of the Irish community in Britain, I will touch on a campaign I started in the last few weeks to secure justice for  13,000 survivors of Ireland’s mother and baby homes living in Britain.
We often need to remember the reason why lots of people left Ireland and decided to come to Britain.
For some, it was for work or to be with friends and family, but in the case of thousands of women who were sent to those homes for the perceived sin of becoming pregnant outside marriage, it was to escape those institutions and the stigma that often came with having been in one.
More than 13,000 survivors live in Britain today, both women and the children who were born into the institutions.
They were subjected to some of the most horrific mistreatment and abuse in those homes.
Women were used as unpaid labour, and their children were often forcibly adopted.
I have named my Bill “Philomena’s law”, after Philomena Lee, who I felt brought that story to a global audience in the film “Philomena”, in which she is portrayed by Dame Judi Dench.
We had an event on an evening two nights ago in a packed room in Parliament to which survivors came and told their stories.
It was incredibly powerful to hear from them about the impact that that has on them many years later.
I hope the Government will listen to the proposals we are putting forward.
At the moment, if the survivors accept the compensation payment they have been awarded by the Irish Government, but are in receipt of means-tested benefits, they will lose that compensation.
I heard from survivors this week, and that has actually become an additional burden for many of these women, who are now often in their 80s or 90s, and some of them are very vulnerable.
I will go back to the Irish in Britain.
We see the pride of the second-generation Irish community, of which I am part, and the growth of Irish culture and its importance right across Britain in the growth of the Gaelic Athletic Association.
It is not just people of Irish heritage who get involved, but people from all communities and backgrounds who participate in GAA.
There is also the Irish language; people are adopting Irish names.
My cousin Jordan and his partner Annie had a baby a couple of weeks ago—a little girl—and I congratulate them.
They have named her Fiáin, which is Irish for “wild” —I think she will take after her dad.
It is common that people are very proud of their heritage often several generations back.
We have seen that in Irish music and culture, where for years the Irish community was subjected to discrimination.
We are now in a period where we can turn on the TV on a Friday night and watch Graham Norton on BBC One and “Derry Girls” on Channel 4, which is a representation of how far the Irish community has come.
We see it in trade unions and in the labour movement as well: there was a period a year or two ago when the general secretary of every single major trade union in this country was either first- generation or second-generation Irish.
There is no more visible transformation in the confidence of the London Irish community over time than in the growth of the Mayor of London’s St Patrick’s day parade.
I was very proud to take part in that this month with our mayor, Sir Sadiq Khan.