This Government recognise that Sunday performance in particular, irrespective of planned engineering works, has not been good enough on Great Western Railway, and we are working actively to address that.
GWR is continuing to make tactical interventions to improve the resilience of timetabling, diagramming and rostering.
I will raise her wider point about join-up between modes with officials in my Department.
Given that one in five trains operated by Southern Rail arriving at Chichester station is late, and that there is no fast service connecting Chichester to London, what steps are being taken directly to improve train punctuality and reliability for my constituents, especially considering that an annual ticket is nearly £8,000?
The hon.
Lady is right to demand excellent train services for her constituents, and that is what this Government are determined to deliver.
We are working with the train operating companies on plans to improve timetabling and staff availability and rostering.
I am happy to take away the specific issues that she has raised in relation to Chichester and provide her with more detail on the intervention plan on that line.
I call the shadow Minister.
We are told that nationalisation is the answer to improving passenger rail performance.
If that is the case, surely it would make sense to start by nationalising the worst performing operators.
CrossCountry comes last out of all train operating companies for passenger satisfaction and it is not complying with its obligations.
The Secretary of State could call in that contract, so why is it not the first operator to be nationalised under GBR?
We made a commitment to bring the train operating companies back into public ownership without any cost to the taxpayer.
The appropriate point at which to bring the train operating companies back into public ownership is when the franchises expire.
If there is terrible performance, we can seek to break a contract earlier.
I am pleased that there are some improvements at CrossCountry.
We are seeing improvements from the train operating companies that have been brought into public ownership.
In particular, for TransPennine and LNER there is a really positive story to tell on passenger journeys and revenue growth.
I thank the Secretary of State for that answer, but she ducks the point that if she had the political will she could bring CrossCountry in-house now.
It is not the first operator to come under GBR or even close to it.
Under current plans, the Government will not get around to tackling CrossCountry until 2031.
In the meantime, highly effective private operators with some of the highest levels of customer satisfaction such as c2c and Greater Anglia will be subjected to dislocating nationalisation this year.
Why are the Government forcing nationalisation in areas where current services are liked, and sitting on their hands where people are crying out for improvements?
I am not sure the hon.
Gentleman listened to my previous answer.
I said clearly that we are bringing the train operating companies into public ownership in a way that offers good value for money for the British taxpayer.
The number of cancellations on CrossCountry has reduced markedly since the start of this year, and although we recognise that there is more to do, CrossCountry is on a good improvement trajectory.
What steps she is taking to increase capacity on the railways.
We are committed to increasing railway capacity.
For instance, the delivery of HS2 phase 1 will more than double long-distance seated capacity between London and the west midlands, and many projects that will increase capacity are being funded through the rail network enhancements pipeline, particularly in the north and midlands.
I pay tribute to Brian Dunsby OBE, who was a pillar of the Harrogate business community.
He tirelessly campaigned to improve our railways, including getting a direct service from London to Harrogate.