The only remedy for Londoners is to vote him out and vote in Susan Hall in May.
We need to incentivise people from all incomes to participate in the green transition.
However, electric vehicles are totally out of reach for most car owners, especially those on low incomes.
In addition, people who rely on public charging points are still paying a lot more than those who can charge from home.
Will the Government close this gap to ensure that everybody is getting a fair deal, including those on low incomes, to make sure that we get to net zero?
Those on low incomes also want to help the country get to net zero.
I thank the hon.
Member for her question.
It is my responsibility to help roll out electric vehicles.
We introduced the zero emission vehicle mandate  to ensure that 22% of vehicle sales this year are zero emission.
I should say that, throughout the life cycle of an electric vehicle, they are cheaper than petrol or diesel cars to drive.
This Government have given £2 billion-worth of support to owners of electric vehicles and to charge point companies to help smooth that introduction.
The specific question that she raises is about VAT, and that is a matter for the Treasury.
What steps he is taking to increase rail connectivity between Cambridge and Norwich.
Greater Anglia currently operates an hourly direct rail service between Norwich and Cambridge using its new rolling stock, with a journey time of around 80 minutes.
It is also possible to travel between Norwich and Cambridge at other times by changing trains at Ely station.
When the Ely area capacity enhancement scheme is delivered, it could create improved regional journeys for passengers across East Anglia.
Costs are rising for growing a business in Cambridge, yet Norwich, a finer city, is just down the road and, more importantly, just down the railway.
We need a greater frequency of trains, and faster trains, to make the Norwich-Cambridge tech corridor a greater reality.
It is being held back by the delays in getting the Ely junction fixed.
How soon will that be sorted out by the Department?
I welcome my hon.
Friend’s campaign for the Ely junction capacity enhancement scheme, which is one of the schemes referenced in the Prime Minister’s Network North plan.
Network Rail has developed the scheme to outline business case stage, and next steps will involve further investment case development and delivery planning.
I am keen to see it delivered, because it will deliver for rail freight.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
This week, the Government showed once again that we are on the side of Britain’s drivers.
New measures from our plan for drivers will make it simpler to charge electric cars, with schools and colleges receiving grants to boost charging and the release of the first payments from our £381 million levy fund.
We are also consulting on speeding up charge point installation.
We have a plan to decarbonise transport that is working.
The Labour party is in disarray.
Its leader,  the right hon.
and learned Member for Holborn and St Pancras (Keir Starmer) , would ditch Labour’s flagship spending promise, despite only committing to it on Tuesday.
The hon.
Member for Sheffield, Heeley (Louise Haigh)  must feel uncomfortable, having said weeks ago that it was very important.
It is not the first time that she has been in that position.
She said a month ago that cancelling phase two of HS2 would make transport worse; the  very same day, the leader of the Labour party overruled her and agreed with the Prime Minister’s plan.
Labour has no plan, no direction, no clue—
Order.
Just a second, Secretary of State.
You know that you have no responsibility for the Opposition, and I am sure that you would not want to take it on as part of your portfolio.
I need to get through topical questions.