Gentleman’s point today.
Since being elected, I and many colleagues have spent much time raising issues that affect men and boys.
However, this House has barely raised the importance of dads and the challenges they face.
They play a vital role in bringing up their children, supporting their family and supporting our country.
Too many are blocked unfairly from seeing their children after a divorce and too often their role in bringing up children is not seen as important, yet we all know families need their fathers, daughters need their dads, and lads need their dads.
Does the Leader of the House agree that we should have a debate on the vital role dads play and the challenges they face?
I thank my hon.
Friend for the campaign he has been running on this issue and his diligence in holding all Departments to account for what they are doing to recognise the vital contribution fathers make, not just to their families but to wider society.
That would be an excellent topic for debate and he will know how to apply for one.
He will also know that he can continue to raise this issue directly with Ministers at Question Time.
It is highly appropriate that he has spoken about this issue; as I said in my opening, we are starting a celebration week of the family.
We know that when families have strong father figures and role models, they are strengthened.
The Leader of the House promised that she would table a motion on risk-based exclusions for Members.
It was published last week, the future business is light and there is plenty of parliamentary time available, so will she tell us why she has not scheduled the debate yet and why there is no sense of urgency in ensuring that Parliament is a safe workplace and its reputation is restored?
I refer the hon.
Lady to the answer I gave to the shadow Leader of the House.
I think that if she were to ask colleagues about their awareness of the motion and the detail within it, many will not have registered it.
What I and other members of the Commission are doing is talking to colleagues about it.
I have had meetings with colleagues who still have some concerns about aspects of it.
I want to bring it to the House and for it to be understood when the House makes a decision on it.
I will do that very shortly after recess, but I do want to allow right hon.
and hon.
Members the time to study the motion and understand what the scheme is.
I think it stands a better chance of gaining maximum support in the House if that is the case.
I will keep the hon.
Lady updated.
Farmers in my constituency are in uproar and my Welsh Conservative colleagues across Wales tell me that they are hearing the same thing.
The source of farmers’ distress is the new proposals from the Welsh Government for a new farming subsidy scheme to be introduced in 2025.
An independent economic assessment published with the proposals says that the scheme will result in a 10.8% reduction in livestock and an 11% reduction in labour—a number that the National Farmers Union in Wales says is equivalent to about 5,500 jobs.
I know how important farming is where I am, even if the Welsh Government do not seem to appreciate how important it is in Wales.
Given the close ties within the farming community across the UK, and given the fact that we enjoy a single UK labour market, will my right hon.
Friend consider providing time for a debate on the vital contribution of farming to the UK economy when the House returns?
I thank my hon.
Friend for all the work he continues to do not just to champion the interests of farming communities in Wales, but to highlight their critical importance to our resilience as a nation.