We have also seen a mother meeting the brutal murder of her child with the most profound grace and compassion, turning her anguish into positive action to protect other children.
And we have seen a father speak about how the love for his child enabled him to overcome his worries about them being trans.
Those are the things that our nation is made of: compassion, fairness, tolerance, responsibility, service, and love.
We see those things every day in the people who sent us here, and we look on them with pride.
Sometimes that pride is reciprocated, as I am sure it was for my hon.
Friend  the Member for Carshalton and Wallington (Elliot Colburn)  in what he said yesterday.
Sometimes that pride is not reciprocated.
Whatever the rough and tumble of this place, and whatever the pressures and mistakes that are made in the heat of political combat, we owe it to the people who sent us here to strive every day to make them proud of us and this place.
The Prime Minister is a good and caring man.
I am sure that he has reflected on things, and I understand that he will say something later today or perhaps even during these questions.
It is not just about Mr and Mrs Ghey that he should reflect on; I am sure he is also reflecting on people who are trans or who have trans loved ones and family, some of whom sit on these green Benches.
I hope the Leader of the Opposition will also reflect on his actions.
This Government have been right to protect the safety and dignity of women, and at each stage of doing so they have sought to bring certainty and assurance to trans people.
This Government are also right to hold the Opposition to account for their multiple inconsistencies and U-turns on their policy platform.
Today supposition has ended, and reality has landed about the Schrödinger £28 billion—a policy that for months and months has been both alive and dead, and is now confirmed as dead, at least for now.
There will be questions over whether the shadow Energy Secretary’s tenure in that role is also alive or dead. “
Politically, it’s strategically incompetent” as  the hon.
Member for Brent North (Barry Gardiner)  called this sorry saga, and that  description could also apply to Labour’s costings on its insulation programme and its council tax policy and modelling.
It is more confirmation that not only does Labour not have a plan, it has no hope of arriving at one either.
The hon.
Member for Manchester Central (Lucy Powell)  asked me about risk-based exclusion, and we have tabled that motion on future business.
She knows that we will bring forward a debate and vote on that after recess, but I want Members of the House to have time to make themselves aware of the issue and to ask me, and other members of the House of Commons Commission, questions about it.
Regarding scrutiny of the Foreign Secretary, I am in touch with the Leader of the House of Lords about that matter and I hope to update the House soon.
Finally, today marks the start of marriage and family week, and it is appropriate that we send a big thank you to all those who support us in this place and who quite often put up with a great deal.
Further business will be announced in the usual way.
The Leader of the House knows that I am a member of the programme board on restoration and renewal, and she is the responsible Minister.
There is a debate due on the business case, and she might now tell the House when that will happen.
It is imminent.