I thank all those working to bring the hostages home, and all Members working to keep the spotlight on these individuals and to resolve the tragedy continuing to unfold in Gaza.
I will ensure that the Foreign Office has heard what my right hon.
Friend has said today and that this House is kept informed.
May I also wish His Majesty the King a speedy recovery?
He was brave to share his health news—he has shown his own vulnerability and humanity, and I am sure people across the nation will thank him for that.
The household support fund provides grants to households struggling to make ends meet, but local authorities still do not know whether funding will continue past the end of March.
More than 100 organisations have warned that there will be devastating consequences if the fund is not extended.
Can we have a statement to clarify the future of the household support fund?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her words about His Majesty the King.
Many Members will know the merits of the household support fund, which was given to local authorities to provide them with the flexibility to respond to particular situations where  people have fallen through the cracks for other types of support.
That is why we have provided the fund.
It is still in operation, and I know the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities and the Treasury will want to ensure that Members are given good notice about what will follow.
I shall ensure that both those Departments have heard what the hon.
Lady has said today.
Local plans are the foundation on which planning authorities make their decisions.
Despite the fact that they shape our villages and towns across the country, few people take part in the consultations that take place ahead of their production.
Can we have a debate in which to exchange ideas about how we might involve more people in the formation of those plans?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this matter and for all the work he does to empower his community to get more involved with shaping their local plans.
He will know that our revised national planning policy framework addresses some of those concerns and the weaknesses in the planning system.
The next questions to the Secretary of State will be on  4 March , where my hon.
Friend can raise this matter directly with the Minister himself.
The life expectancy for the less well-off in south-east Northumberland barely scrapes 70 years of age, due to the industrial heritage and legacy in my region, like many others.
Right-wing think-tanks are mooting the idea of increasing the pension age to 71, which would basically mean that people in my constituency and other constituencies would pay in all our life and get absolutely nothing from the pot.
Can we have a debate in Government time to discuss the huge discrepancies in life expectancy and the potential for people to receive no pension for a lifetime of contributions?
The hon.
Gentleman raises a good point.
There are clearly legacy issues in certain parts of the country because of the industries that were there.
People in certain professions in the modern workplace, such as shift workers, are also at a disadvantage in terms of their health.
All of that needs to be fed in when policy is made, which is why it is important that we have evidence-based policy and a system across Government so that every Department is involved in the formulation of policy.
Given that the question session to the relevant Department is not for some time, I will ensure that the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions has heard the hon.
Gentleman’s point today.
Since being elected, I and many colleagues have spent much time raising issues that affect men and boys.
However, this House has barely raised the importance of dads and the challenges they face.