The decision to extend the Avanti contract was taken because its performance had improved dramatically.
At that time, its self-induced cancellation rates were at 1.5%, down from 13%.
Avanti is in the process of hiring 70 drivers per year.
I have spoken to Avanti about matters that have been raised in the Chamber today, and about its recent service.
We know that it needs to do better, and we are holding it to account to ensure that it does so.
It is an appalling service.
Hear, hear!
The proposed west London orbital network could enable trains to run from Hendon to Hounslow and take millions of passengers off the underground, and will be a boon to all people in west London.
Has my hon.
Friend had a look at the proposal, and will he give it the green light?
We have had a presentation on the plan, and I would be very happy to meet my hon.
Friend to update him.
It is a matter of interest, and I like to see  such proposals brought forward—although, of course, we have to balance them with ensuring that the taxpayer is not at extra risk.
The dualling of the A47 at Blofield was fully funded and ready to go a year ago.
Since then, a former Green party parliamentary candidate has bogged it down in a series of legal challenges.
Once they have been overcome, will the Department be right behind that much-needed dualling scheme?
The Government are utterly committed to the A47.
The court case to which my hon.
Friend refers is also linked to the A57.
We are passionately committed to both roads.
We await the judgment, which we believe will come within the next month or so.
Bedford borough could become the home of the only Universal Studios theme park in Europe, bringing enormous prosperity and many jobs to my constituency and the eastern region.
Although road infrastructure funding has already been allocated until 2025, will the Government commit to supporting that exciting project by funding the substantial road improvements that will be necessary for the plan to go ahead?
I am familiar with that scheme, on which I have been briefed, and I know that the Chancellor has been involved in it as well.
The Government will look carefully at the proposals that are brought forward and will want to do what we can to ensure that that exciting proposal comes to fruition.
Will the Minister update the House on what measures are being taken to reduce the amount of litter and debris blighting many central reservations and grass verges on our major highways?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise that point.
It is absolutely vital that the great British public stop throwing litter—that would be the first and most important thing.
I can assure him that National Highways is utterly committed on this matter, and gave evidence to the Transport Committee about the dozens and dozens of people it has clearing up the litter every single day.
However, it is fundamentally up to the public to stop littering.
Heathrow airport saw a significant increase in noise complaints last year.
Residents in my constituency are regularly woken up in the middle of the night by the roar of jet engines overhead, and there are well-documented impacts on their physical and mental health.
Will the Secretary of State finally commit to banning night flights between 11 pm and 6 am?
On noise, it is important to strike a balance between the negative impacts of aviation on local communities who live close to the airport and the economic benefits of flights around the UK.
We will shortly publish the results of a consultation on night flights, and the hon.
Member should wait for it.[Official Report,  19 February 2024 , Vol.
745, c. 7MC.] (
Correction)
Vehicles parked on pavements continue to have a negative impact on disabled people, especially those who are blind or partially sighted like myself.