Friend have a meeting with the Labour Mayor of London and ensure the money provided by the Department is used for the benefit of Londoners?
My hon.
Friend is right: it is important that the money is used for the benefit of Londoners.
We have provided very significant support, as I have set out, but it has not stopped the Mayor of London from putting up taxes on the poorest motorists, with the extension of his ultra low emission zone scheme to outer London.
Rather than my having a meeting with him, the best way to hold the Mayor of London to account is for voters in London to vote for Susan Hall and kick him out.
What steps he is taking to increase transport connectivity across north Yorkshire.
Because of the Prime Minister’s decision, Network North will see £19.8 billion of extra transport investment in the north of England, including a brand new £2.5 billion fund to transform local transport in 14 rural counties, smaller cities and towns in every part of the north outside the big city regions.
This is in addition to what has already been committed through the integrated rail plan and the £11 billion TransPennine route upgrade.
I thank the Minister for visiting my constituency back in January.
Following that visit, he became aware of the important economic impact of the A64 on York and North Yorkshire.
May I stress to him again how important the upgrade is to safety on the road?
A few days following his visit, the road was again closed due to a serious accident.
Sadly, that followed another fatal accident on the road in December.
This is  becoming an ever more frequent occurrence, so when he looks at the upgrade of the A64, will he ensure that the safety impact plays an important role?
It was a pleasure to visit my hon.
Friend’s constituency and meet him and other parliamentary colleagues who were so passionately concerned about the improvement of the A64 and its safety issues.
I take the point he raises on board.
I know that National Highways is developing options to address the concerns that he, local people and businesses have identified with the road.
We will look at them very closely.
I welcome the fact that he continues to champion this important matter.
What steps he is taking to support low-income motorists.
The Government are helping low-income motorists by keeping down the cost of motoring.
There has been no increase in fuel duty since January 2011, 13 years ago.
Furthermore, recognising the fuel price volatility after Putin’s invasion of Ukraine, we cut 5p from fuel duty in March 2022.
This was extended for another year in March 2023.
This cut, along with the inflation freeze, has saved the average car driver around £100 this year.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his answer.
Months after the Mayor of London’s ULEZ expansion came into effect, some of Uxbridge and South Ruislip’s most hard-working and least well-off residents continue to be penalised by it.
As part of the Government’s work to help motorists, will he commit to continuing to work with me and colleagues from across outer London to ensure that we are doing all we can to lessen the financial burden on all motorists?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that matter.
I am very sorry to hear about the burden that the Mayor of London has forced on the poorest motorists in London, particularly when we hear that his scrappage scheme is underfunded and slow to process payments.
This is a direct consequence of a Labour Mayor who did not keep his word to Londoners.
The only remedy for Londoners is to vote him out and vote in Susan Hall in May.
We need to incentivise people from all incomes to participate in the green transition.
However, electric vehicles are totally out of reach for most car owners, especially those on low incomes.