When will this Government wake up and start doing something about that?
With no disrespect to the hon.
Gentleman, who I like as a person, he is simply wrong.
In the last year, ending June 2023, there was a decline of 9% in fatalities compared to the year ending June 2022.
Look at the specific measures taken: we have toughened up the driving test, made the highway code more robust and introduced tougher criminal sentences.
Those are the actions of a Government who are listening and taking action.
Whether the Office of Rail Regulation has identified unused rail network capacity for open-access services.
The Office of Rail and Road has been working with Network Rail and the Department for Transport to identify unused access rights.
That work will support the release of under-used capacity on the rail network, which may then be used by potential operators in the development of open-access proposals.
It is great to hear that there is work under way, but I notice that my hon.
Friend did not say how far it had got.
I know that he understands that this is a huge opportunity to improve our over-subsidised, post-pandemic railways, so that passengers can get a better deal, but if we do not move faster it will slip through our fingers.
The only people who are happy with the status quo are middle-aged men who want to carry on playing with trains at the expense of taxpayers, and the Labour party, which wants to run rail for the benefit of rail unions rather than passengers, so please can we get on with this a lot faster?
I thought he was referring to me with that “middle-aged man” point, but I can assure my hon.
Friend that we are working at pace.
Since we met in November with the team, which included my hon.
Friend, to see what further we could do, we have written to operators to clarify that unused access rights should be released.
With regard to Department for Transport operators, we have hundreds of unused access rights that we have identified for release.
We also talked about speeding up the entire decision-making process, and the ORR and Network Rail now have a draft service level agreement to do that.
I will write to him with more detail, but a lot has happened in the last month.
What discussions he has had with Transport for London on its use of Government funding.
Transport in London is devolved to the Mayor of London.
Since 2020, the Government have given TfL £6.6 billion of funding to support transport services.
It is the responsibility of the Greater London Authority to hold the Mayor and Transport for London to account.
The Department is in regular contact with TfL and monitors its finances in accordance with the terms of our funding settlement letters.
Clearly, the £6.6 billion to subsidise TfL came with strings attached, including raising fares in line with the rest of England.
No sooner did the last instalment of the money arrive than the Mayor managed to find £30 million to pay off the National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers, which threatened strike action, storing up problems for the next negotiations.
He then found £120 million so that he does not have to raise fares in line with the rest of England.
He has now come up with a crazy policy of reduced fares on Fridays, without having talked to anyone before introducing it.
Will my right hon.
Friend have a meeting with the Labour Mayor of London and ensure the money provided by the Department is used for the benefit of Londoners?
My hon.
Friend is right: it is important that the money is used for the benefit of Londoners.