The provisional business for the week commencing  26 February  includes:
Monday 26 February —General debate, subject to be confirmed.
Tuesday 27 February —Remaining stages of the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Bill.
Wednesday 28 February —Second Reading of the Pedicabs (London) Bill [Lords].
Thursday 29 February —A debate on a motion on language in politics on International Women’s Day, followed by a general debate on Welsh affairs.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 1 March —Private Members’ Bills.
I start by offering my best wishes to His Majesty the King and all the royal family at this difficult time.
I wish him a speedy recovery.
I thank the Leader of the House for the business, but yet again, there are a few things missing that we have long been promised.
I was glad that the motion on risk-based exclusion of Members was laid before the House last week, but when will the Leader of the House schedule a debate and a vote?
Once again, there is no motion on the Procedure Committee’s recommendations on holding Secretaries of State in the Lords to account.
Report stage of the Renters (Reform) Bill was promised by early February, but it is nowhere to be seen, and the football regulator long promised to clubs and their communities is still not in the upcoming business.
The Leader of the House said a few weeks ago that that legislation would be brought forward “very soon”.
Will she also confirm that the Government will make a statement as soon we are back on progress in exonerating victims of the Post Office Horizon scandal, and that it is still the intention of the Government to bring forward legislation to exonerate victims?
We are getting a written ministerial statement today on infected blood, yet time and again she has promised oral statements to update the House.
The business she has announced is not exactly going to fill all the days, so surely she can find time for these important matters.
This week, we saw the launch of the Popular Conservatives, who apparently have not heard of irony or oxymorons.
They are headed by  the right hon.
Member for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss) , the least popular Prime Minister in the history of British polling.
I know the Leader of the House is a fan, but in the six weeks she was in office she managed to totally crash the economy.
Who exactly do they think they are popular with: mortgage holders coming out of fixed rates and now paying hundreds of pounds more a month, shoppers seeing the prices of food and essentials soar, or renters seeing massive hikes?
Let us be honest: poll after poll shows there is absolutely nothing popular about the current Conservative party, although I did notice that the Leader of the House herself ranks as the most popular Conservative with voters.
So maybe she could offer the Popular Conservatives some advice: show some contrition for the economic mess they have caused and stay off the airwaves.
Perhaps more sombrely, the Prime Minister has this week made some serious misjudgments.
On Monday, he shook hands on a bet to deport migrants to Rwanda before the next general election.
Betting on people’s lives was grim to watch, and the ease with which the Prime Minister agreed to a £1,000 bet when so many are suffering through the Conservative cost of living crisis was a gross spectacle.
Does the Leader of the House think betting about the plight of desperate people is a good advert for her Government?
In that interview, the Prime Minister also inferred that the Leader of the Opposition was a terrorist sympathiser.
Actually, when he was the Director of Public Prosecutions, my right hon.
and learned Friend oversaw the first convictions of senior members of al-Qaeda, the jailing of the airline liquid bomb plotters and the deportation of countless terrorists.