The Department is now working closely with Network Rail and local stakeholders to revisit the scope of the interventions, which were presented in the 2022 outline business case, and we expect that work to conclude later this year.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
The A701 relief road realignment is a key regional infrastructure project with knock-on national benefits, not to mention the major improvements it would make in Midlothian.
So-called levelling up round 3 did not even allow the project to bid for funding, and I know that the leader of Midlothian Council and the leaders of all the councils in the Edinburgh and South East Scotland city region deal have written to the Levelling Up Secretary to express their disappointment.
Will this Secretary of State add his voice to theirs in calling for that critical infrastructure to be supported?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that the primary responsibility for delivering road transport in Scotland is the responsibility of the SNP Government, because it is devolved.
I am pleased that he has welcomed the levelling-up bids that have been delivered in Scotland—this Government delivering for the people of Scotland where his Government have failed.
On the specific issue he raises, I will of course draw his remarks to the attention of the Secretary of State.
Fraserburgh-based Gray & Adams is the UK’s pre-eminent manufacturer of refrigerated trailers—I am told they were involved in the design of regulations in the early days of refrigerated transport.
Will the Minister meet me and Gray & Adams’s management and engineers to see what can be done to ensure that regulations are updated at a pace that keeps up with the ongoing innovations made by that great example of British manufacturing?
My hon.
Friend has been a fantastic champion for Fraserburgh and for that business in particular.
I know very well the issue in respect of longer semi-trailers and compliance with the regulations.
I would be delighted to meet him and the company,  and I assure both the company and the wider industry that we are working to find a way forward on this question, because it matters and we want to support that business.
His Majesty the King is well known and much loved in my constituency, and on behalf of my constituents I wish him a full recovery.
Do the Government agree that the sustainability of transport links, particularly air links, between Scottish airports and the rest of the UK are very important?
For example, flights in and out of Wick John O’Groats airport are crucial to the economic development of the far north.
Indeed; aviation is important for economic development across the entirety of the UK, including links between Scotland and England.
However, the hon.
Gentleman’s question was about Wick John O’Groats airport, and the public service obligations for that airport lie entirely within Scotland and are a matter for the Scottish Government.
The roads Minister will recall a meeting I had with him, along with my hon.
Friends the Members for Great Grimsby (Lia Nici) and for Scunthorpe (Holly Mumby-Croft), about resurfacing the A180 and removing the concrete surface.
I have had many meetings with roads Ministers over the years who have promised that.
Will he be the one who can deliver it?
I sincerely hope so.
One SME owner in my constituency told me that, if he has meetings in London, he now often travels down the night before, because he cannot rely on Avanti’s train service.
Even if the trains are not cancelled, as we learned recently, Avanti is Britain’s least punctual train operator.
Given that terrible service, does the Secretary of State now regret his premature decision to extend the contract for the west coast main line?
The decision to extend the Avanti contract was taken because its performance had improved dramatically.
At that time, its self-induced cancellation rates were at 1.5%, down from 13%.
Avanti is in the process of hiring 70 drivers per year.