The Leader of the House knows that I am a member of the programme board on restoration and renewal, and she is the responsible Minister.
There is a debate due on the business case, and she might now tell the House when that will happen.
It is imminent.
We will also have a debate on whether we will have a decant, but not until 2025, and even if we do decant, that will not be until 2031, and I doubt I will personally live to see it, although I wish Members well with that project.
I do not want to get involved with whether we decant, but ask a specific question.
This matter has now dragged on since 2015 and could drag on until 2031.
Meanwhile, the building is decaying around us.
Three options were delivered to the Speaker’s Commission on this matter, and one is planned maintenance around us.
We have successfully done good work on parts of the building, and I urge the Leader of the House now—she might make an announcement on this—to press ahead with proper planned maintenance, so that we can repair the building and make it good for future generations.
May I start by thanking my right hon.
Friend and other colleagues for all the work they have done on the programme board?
The new governance structure—I hope Mr Speaker would concur—has enabled us to make good progress on getting a proper grip of what needs to happen to this building and the activity and costs associated with that.
We will bring forward further news to the House shortly on where we are with the plans and the programme, but that should not get in the way of concurrent activity.
He will know there are some early projects that we think we can get on with that are perfectly within the boundaries of the Parliamentary Buildings (Restoration and Renewal) Act 2019, and we should get on and do them.
I hope that the House will welcome a more pragmatic approach to taking care of this important UNESCO heritage site.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
May I associate myself with the shadow Leader of the House’s comments about Brianna Ghey and her remarkable parents?
Last week, I asked the Leader of the House about the cost of the Tories’ secret and highly sensitive report to Cabinet on the state of the Union.
Hansard records that not one word of her answer reflected my question—not one syllable.
Instead, she read out to the Chamber a video script about bingo and made a joke about monkeys.
The week before, I asked the Leader of the House about the Electoral Commission’s concerns over Tory voter ID plans.
Again, there was not one word in Hansard about Tory voter ID—not a peep.
Instead, she read her prepared script attacking the SNP.
In fact, Hansard reveals that week after week, not only do my questions go unanswered, but they are completely ignored.
Week after week, we get a clickbait video for her personal YouTube channel.
Surely that behaviour demeans her office and disrespects this House.
She is here to answer questions from Members.
Returning to that state of the Union report to Cabinet in July 2020, it aimed to undermine the Scottish Government and the Scottish independence cause, which were apparently a Tory top priority at the height of the pandemic.
It came to light last week, and no wonder the Leader of the House’s Government wanted to keep it under wraps.
It contains more grim news for any remaining supporters of the Union.
My questions again are: how much did it cost taxpayers, what was its purpose, and what strategy was it asking the Cabinet to endorse?
Do the Union strategy and operations committees still exist?