I am glad that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Broxtowe (Darren Henry)  raised the issue of the importance of funding for improving local roads.
We made a big decision on that, and improving the road network over time and allowing local authorities to spend that money shows an important sense of priorities.
We are also making sure that reporting requirements are in place, so that  highways authorities have to set out to the people to whom they are accountable what they are spending the money on.
The pothole situation is a metaphor for what the Government have been doing with public investment in the past 14 years.
The roads have got worse and worse, with the Automobile Association describing October as the worst month for pothole breakdowns on our roads.
If the Government were really concerned about this issue, they would not have starved local authorities of the resources to deal with the problem.
Is that not correct?
No, I do not agree with the hon.
Gentleman on that at all.
We have given local authorities more than £5 billion of funding for local road maintenance.
The £8.3 billion in the Network North plan is over and above that.
I would have thought he would welcome the fact that when we announced the money for local road maintenance, I decided that in London, 95% of that extra funding would go to London councils, rather than Transport for London, so that it gets spent on fixing the roads, rather than being wasted by the Mayor of London.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Secretary of State seems to have forgotten the extensive cuts to the road repair budget that his Government have presided over.
Let us consider the example of Northamptonshire, where the Government have cut £16 million from highways maintenance since 2020 alone.
That is leaving 330,000 potholes unfilled.
He knows that the Network North announcement will give Northamptonshire back only £2.5 million of that £16 million over the next two years.
As for Wellingborough, the last time Peter Bone mentioned road repairs was in 2015.
After 14 years of neglect by the Conservative Government and their former Conservative MP, is not the best advice for people in Wellingborough who want action on potholes to vote for Labour’s Gen Kitchen next Thursday?
It will not surprise the hon.
Gentleman to hear that I do not agree with him at all.
Before the Network North announcement, the Government were already investing over £5.5 billion of capital funding in highways maintenance between 2021 and 2024-25, and in the Budget last year, the Chancellor found an extra £200 million for eligible highways authorities.
The £8.3 billion is on top of that, so I would urge voters in Wellingborough to vote for our fantastic candidate, Helen Harrison, who will make a fantastic Member of Parliament to serve on the Government side of the House.
What steps he is taking to help ensure the safety of vulnerable road users.
In January 2022, the Government updated the highway code to improve road safety for people walking, cycling and riding.
The changes aimed to make a positive shift in road-user behaviour, by  making road users aware of their responsibility to use roads safely and to reduce the dangers they may pose to others.
The Government’s flagship multimillion-pound road safety campaign, THINK!,
also plays a crucial part in reducing the number of people killed or seriously injured on our roads.
Are the Minister and his team aware that our country, once known to be one of the best places in the world for road safety, is now, after 14 years of neglect, no targets—in fact, there is a hatred of targets—and little enforcement, a very dangerous place to be a vulnerable road user?
When will this Government wake up and start doing something about that?
With no disrespect to the hon.
Gentleman, who I like as a person, he is simply wrong.