Just a second, Secretary of State.
You know that you have no responsibility for the Opposition, and I am sure that you would not want to take it on as part of your portfolio.
I need to get through topical questions.
I am pleased to hear about the Secretary of State’s plans, but does he have a plan to deal with some of the apparent traffic jams in responding to consultations on private Members’ legislation in his Department?
In 2020, the consultation on pavement parking closed.
Pavement parking causes huge problems for guide dogs, wheelchair users and everybody else.
When will we have a response to that?
On the Parking (Code of Practice) Act 2019, introduced by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for East Yorkshire (Sir Greg Knight) , when will we see the plans to cut down on cowboy parking enforcement companies?
When will that traffic jam be eased?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising those issues.
We will come out with a response on pavement parking very shortly.
I cannot give him a specific date.
On roadworks generally, we will consult on plans to improve the measures that stop utility companies causing roadworks to overrun, putting more pressure on them to ensure that our roads can keep moving, to support drivers.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
What does the Secretary of State think that it says about the performance standards in the contracts that he signed with failing operators that senior executives at Avanti, whose cancellations now run at 17%, could boast about the “free money” from the taxpayer that is
“too good to be true”?
Two things: first, Avanti does not have any money under the performance regime, because it has not delivered appropriate enough quality, demonstrating that we pay only for good performance.
On the specific issue that the hon.
Lady raises, the Rail Minister and I raised that with Avanti.
Senior executives at FirstGroup agreed with us that those comments were appalling, and they are taking steps to deal with that issue within the company.
They were disgraceful comments from Avanti, but the problem goes to the contracts that the Secretary of State is signing with such failing operators.
Last year, Govia Thameslink failed on every single performance measure at its stations, but rather than enforcing the standards in the contract and demanding better, he lowered them so that Govia would still potentially receive its bonus and performance fee, at a potential cost of millions to the taxpayer.
Is that not the perfect symbol of the Conservatives’ broken rail network: failure rewarded, and passengers and taxpayers paying the price?
It absolutely is not.
The hon.
Lady referred to Avanti West Coast, I gave her the answer to the question on Avanti and then she just repeated  something that simply was not the case.
According to the service quality regime under which Avanti West Coast operates, it has not received any payments, because it has not been hitting the quality targets—[Interruption.]
If she would listen to my answer, Avanti has not hit the quality targets, so that is exactly the performance regime working.
The Cumbrian Coast railway is vital to the energy coast, for both passengers and freight.
I welcome the extra funding and services that Network North will bring, but could the Rail Minister update me on the latest progress?
I would be delighted to update my hon.
Friend.
She will know that the upgrade of the energy coast line was one of the commitments in the Network North document.
The Department is now working closely with Network Rail and local stakeholders to revisit the scope of the interventions, which were presented in the 2022 outline business case, and we expect that work to conclude later this year.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
The A701 relief road realignment is a key regional infrastructure project with knock-on national benefits, not to mention the major improvements it would make in Midlothian.