Will the Leader of the House arrange for a statement to be made on what steps the Government will take to ensure that Ministers actually answer the questions that they are asked?
I think that when one is presented with a question like that, it is quite hard to answer it.
If the hon.
Gentleman would like to furnish me with some examples—any examples—of where that is happening, I will of course respond to them.
This is business questions, so his question is in order, but I would point out to him that it is actually quite difficult to answer.
I want to pay tribute to my constituent Loyd, who is in the Public Gallery this morning.
He is a remarkable young man.
Every time the Ellesmere Port Wombles have a litter-pick he is there, come rain or shine.
I also want to record my appreciation of another young constituent, Heidi, who is nine years old and who, on Sunday, will complete her cycle ride—the equivalent of London to Paris—to raise funds for Alzheimer’s Research UK and Macmillan Cancer Support.
She has already raised nearly £6,000, which is a fantastic achievement.
There are so many other young people in my constituency and, I am sure, every other Member’s constituency who do fantastic things for their communities and for good causes.
May we please have a debate to celebrate the great work that our young people do?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for affording me, and the whole House, the opportunity to join him in praising Loyd and Heidi and congratulating them on all that they are doing.
Young people in this country sometimes get a bad press, so it would be very good to have time on the Floor of the House or in Westminster Hall to celebrate all that they do.
A recent report by London Councils found that Wandsworth is one of the boroughs worst affected by falling pupil roll numbers, with a 12% drop in demand for reception places.
Many parents in Battersea have shared with me their concerns about their children’s education.
It is vital that the Government ensure that every local area has excellent, financially viable schools.
May we have a statement on how they will address the fall in pupil roll numbers?
I will ensure that the Secretary of State for Education has heard what the hon.
Lady says, and I will draw her attention to that report.
I think that is how I can best serve the hon.
Lady today.
In the midst of a cost of living crisis of his own making, the Prime Minister this week placed a £1,000 bet with a TV presenter.
What message does that send to our constituents, many of whom are struggling to pay their bills?
The hon.
Lady accuses the Prime Minister of causing a cost of living crisis.
She knows that the pandemic had knock-on effects because of the spending we had to do, including on the furlough scheme, which the Prime Minister designed when he was Chancellor.
That scheme kept people, families and businesses going throughout that period and enabled us to make a swifter economic recovery than many comparable nations.
The Prime Minister is not responsible for the war in Ukraine or any of the other geopolitical and global shocks we have to endure, which are causing  financial pressure on the nation and on households.
During this time, we felt it right to stand up an enormous package of support for households to alleviate the cost of living.
More than £100 billion, and growing, has gone towards supporting people, which shows that this Government understand what they are going through and will do everything we can to support them.