While our legislation and the things that arm’s length bodies use need to be legally accurate, it is important that people can use language and words such as “mother” and “father”.
Actually, that is not only the right thing to do but what the guidance they operate under says they should do.
May I ask him to let my office have the details of that case?
In addition to perhaps having a debate—he will know how to apply for one in the usual way—I could follow that up for him with relevant arm’s length body.
I call the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee.
I thank the Leader of the House for the business statement and for announcing two full weeks’ business.
That is welcome.
Last week, we had to pull a debate due to shortage of time.
That was understandable, given the importance of the Government business tabled for that day, but the sad point from our perspective is that unless we are allocated time other than on Thursdays for Back-Bench debates, we will probably have no further time to allocate in the Chamber before the Easter recess.
Monday 26 February  might fit the bill, since a general debate has been announced for that day.
We are of course open for applications, particularly for business in Westminster Hall.
I know this has been mentioned, but could the Leader of the House give an indication of the progress made on bringing forward legislation for the appointment of the football regulator?
I have a particular interest in that.
Television’s impact on travelling football fans is worsening, with Newcastle United fans alone—I am one of them—having had inconvenient and almost unworkable away-game fixtures imposed on them no fewer than eight times this season.
We have had away kick-off times of 8 pm on new year’s day, 5.30 pm in Brighton and Bournemouth—this is when travelling from the north-east of England—and Saturday night kick-offs in London at 8 pm on two occasions and 7 pm on one occasion.
Those times makes it unworkable for people to get back from those fixtures on public transport, and it is happening on a  much more regular basis.
The football regulator is much needed, and I am sure that is something that it would like to focus on.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for all his work on the Backbench Business Committee and for welcoming two weeks of business—nothing makes me happier than to come to the House and announce that.
He knows that I take very seriously our obligations to provide the Backbench Business Committee with time to have its debates on the Floor of the House.
I hope to update him shortly on when we can give him some additional time.
The hon.
Gentleman raises an incredibly important point about football, and I find it amazing that it has been allowed to endure for some time.
It is probably very unfair on not just the players but the travelling public.
I will make sure that the Secretary of State has heard his concerns, and he will know that the next Culture, Media and Sport questions are on  22 February .
Collecting food waste from domestic properties is an expensive service both to set up and to carry out.
Every local authority in west London has had the service for a long time—certainly before March 2023.
In west London, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs is providing £230,000 in funding for Hounslow, £201,000 for Brent, £406,000 for Ealing and a massive £606,000 for Hillingdon.
In my borough of Harrow we have had zero, yet we provide food waste collection to 4,136 flats, and the borough wants to roll out the service to over 18,000 more flats.
It is clearly unfair that Harrow has been singled out.
It is not getting the funding it deserves, and has not for many years.
Could right hon.