It is clearly unfair that Harrow has been singled out.
It is not getting the funding it deserves, and has not for many years.
Could right hon.
Friend arrange for the DEFRA Secretary of State or a Minister to make a statement on the Floor of the House on how that funding is allocated, and why Harrow does not receive its fair share?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question, and for giving me advance notice of it—It is helpful and diligent of Members to do that.
I have uncovered an administrative saga that I will not bore the House with, but I will update my hon.
Friend.
The fact that he has put the situation on record will help it to be resolved.
I have received some reassuring news from the Department.
Further to a question at last week’s business questions from a Conservative Member about SSB Law, I have at least 10 constituents affected by this issue.
What can only be described as cowboy outfits offered constituents cavity wall insulation, and put it into homes where it should not have been, resulting in mould, damp and damage to properties.
Those constituents were then approached by SSB Law, which took on those claims in a no win, no fee basis.
When it went under, my constituents received enforcement notices telling them that they owed up to £19,000.
It is a scandal on top of the scandal.
I wrote to the Justice Secretary as a matter of urgency back in December, but I have not had a response.
Can the Leader of the House help me to find ways in  Parliament to co-ordinate all those across the north who have been affected—we expect there are hundreds, if not thousands—and to get a response so that we can look after those people, some of whom are among the most vulnerable and have received extortionate bills telling them that they owe thousands of pounds?
I am very sorry to hear about this ongoing situation.
From memory, I wrote to the Department last week about this issue, and I will make sure that the hon.
Lady is cited in the reply.
I will also raise it again with the Justice Secretary, and chase up the hon.
Lady’s correspondence.
My office stands ready to assist her in getting this matter resolved for her constituents.
It is both intolerable and heartbreaking that hostages remain in captivity in Gaza after more than 100 days.
Who knows what horrors are being inflicted on them as we sit here today?
Can a Minister come to the House to make an urgent statement on what the Government are doing to get the hostages home?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for what she has just said and for her ongoing work to keep our eyes focused on those individuals.
Yesterday marked four months that they have been in captivity.
This week, I met Annabel, who is helping the Sharabi family, who lost multiple members of their family in the  7 October  attack.
Very sadly, the family recently confirmed that another relative, Yossi, who was taken hostage, has been murdered.
Yossi was described as a pillar of their family; he was also a football fan, and a supporter of Manchester United.
The family are hoping that Eli Sharabi, who was also taken hostage, will be returned to them, and that eventually Yossi’s body will be returned to them so that they can bury him.
Sadly, Eli’s ordeal will not end there, as his wife and two daughters were among those murdered in the attack, which I do not think he will know yet.
I thank all those working to bring the hostages home, and all Members working to keep the spotlight on these individuals and to resolve the tragedy continuing to unfold in Gaza.
I will ensure that the Foreign Office has heard what my right hon.
Friend has said today and that this House is kept informed.