Member should wait for it.[Official Report,  19 February 2024 , Vol.
745, c. 7MC.] (
Correction)
Vehicles parked on pavements continue to have a negative impact on disabled people, especially those who are blind or partially sighted like myself.
It has been four years since the Government’s consultation on that, yet still no action has been taken.
The Minister said that they were going to respond to that consultation soon. “
Soon” is not good enough.
When will they bring forward a plan to ban pavement parking?
The hon.
Lady will understand that there are already provisions in place permitting action by local authorities.
We intend to publish the Government review very shortly.
Has the ministerial team seen the Parliamentary Advisory Council for Transport Safety’s recent report on the growing number of accidents involving e-scooters, and if not, will they look at it?
Not only are e-scooters an increasing danger to all our constituents, there is a lack of police follow-up when accidents happen.
The use of private e-scooters on public land—on roads and pavements—is illegal in the UK, and it is up to the police to enforce that law.
We have 23 different legal trials of rental e-scooters around the country.[Official Report,  19 February 2024 , Vol.
745, c. 7MC.] (
Correction) We recently announced the extension of those trials, and we are using that data to learn more about the dangers or otherwise of e-scooters, which will inform the policy for the future regulation of e-scooters.
The Mayor of London has frozen fares for five out of the eight years he has been in office, meaning that they are 14% below national fare increases.
Should I take it from the Secretary of State’s earlier answer to  the hon.
Member for Harrow East (Bob Blackman)  that he is opposed to those fare freezes, and that he expects a Conservative Mayor to put fares up if elected?
No.
What I find surprising is that the London Mayor spends an awful lot of time pretending that he does not have any money, so he puts up taxes on hard-working motorists in outer London, and then just before an election, he finds a secret war chest that enables him to do popular things.
Everyone knows that if he were to win, he would put up taxes again on the poorest motorists as sure as night follows day, which is why they should vote for Susan Hall.
I thank Ministers for all their answers.
Regarding accessibility for disabled passengers, being ever mindful that we are in an age of equality and that disabled people deserve the same opportunities as everyone else, has consideration been given to ensuring that taxi firms have an obligation to provide vehicles for disabled people in every shift pattern?
It is always good to have the hon.
Gentleman winding up proceedings.
I will take away that point and have a very detailed look at it, and get officials to give me a detailed answer that I will provide in writing.
Will the Leader of the House give us the forthcoming business?
The business for the week commencing  19 February  will include:
Monday 19 February —Second reading of the Investigatory Powers (Amendment) Bill [Lords].
Tuesday 20 February —Remaining stages of the Offshore Petroleum Licensing Bill.
Wednesday 21 February —Opposition day (5th allotted day).
Debate on a motion in the name of the Scottish National party, subject to be announced.
Thursday 22 February —A debate on the civil nuclear road map, followed by a general debate on premature deaths from heart and circulatory diseases.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 23 February —Private Members’ Bills.
The provisional business for the week commencing  26 February  includes:
Monday 26 February —General debate, subject to be confirmed.
Tuesday 27 February —Remaining stages of the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Bill.
Wednesday 28 February —Second Reading of the Pedicabs (London) Bill [Lords].