None the less, we expect substantial continued demand for new trains.
Last month, LNER confirmed an order of 10 new tri-mode trains for the east coast main line, and on Monday, a tender for new trains for the TransPennine Express route was launched.
Contract awards are also expected between late 2024 and early 2025 for major orders for Southeastern, Northern and Chiltern.
In the meantime, the Government will continue to work with Alstom and other UK manufacturers to ensure a strong and sustainable future for the rail industry.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for granting this question on a matter of some urgency.
I thank the Minister for his response, and I must impress upon him and the House that the Secretary of State must expedite the contract bidding process for updating existing UK trains to ensure the survival of the UK-based train manufacturing industry.
Without immediate plans to allow companies to bid for new contracts, make no mistake, thousands of skilled jobs in the UK will go.
The urgency stems from the crucial role of the Alstom factory in Derby.
It is the UK’s only end-to-end, design, build and test train manufacturing facility, making it integral to the UK’s rail manufacturing industries.
Some 3,000 people currently work directly at Alstom, and 15,000 jobs in the supply chain rely on the factory’s continued production.
Nick Crossfield, Alstom’s managing director, gave evidence to the Transport Committee yesterday, and he was absolutely clear that the Government need to decide now on how and where they want trains to be made in the future.
If this Government do not expedite the bidding process, trains will not continue to be manufactured in the UK.
They will start to be manufactured in North America, South America or south- east Asia.
Alstom’s current and final contract for rolling stock is on the Elizabeth line and is due to expire in six weeks.
That could mean an end to the rail manufacturing industry in the UK as we know it.
Yesterday, I met Unite the union, of which I am a proud member, and rail workers from Alstom site in Derby, and they asked for our help in retaining their jobs.
Also just yesterday, two of the supply chain companies that supply Alstom went into liquidation due to the uncertainty over future orders from the Alstom factory.
Timing on this issue has never been more crucial.
May I again thank my friend the hon.
Member for Easington for raising this important issue?
This is a matter of grave concern.
The site has been operating in Derby for many years.
Indeed, I think he and I both went to that site when it was formerly owned by Bombardier as part of a Transport Committee delegation.
That support is assured.
I also make the point that I am meeting Unite the union next week.
It has been in touch, and I will be pleased to work with it and everyone to see what more can be done to keep that plant open.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
I know that the Minister is a great advocate of the work of the Transport Committee, and I strongly urge him to look at the transcript of the evidence we received yesterday from not just Alstom but others in the rail industry.
The fact is that the medium and long-term prospects for the sector are positive.
What we are facing is a short-term lull.
I impress on him the urgency of working with the rolling stock companies—ROSCOs—and others to try to bring forward some refurbishment contracts that Alstom and others can bid for to help smooth out these peaks and troughs in the sector.
I thank my hon.
Friend, the Chair of the Select Committee, for the work he does—that evidence session was particularly pertinent for highlighting the matters he allows that Committee to raise.