In Duncan Mavin’s book “A Pyramid of Lies,” he subtitles the saga
“The Prime Minister, the Banker and the Billion-Pound Scandal”.
Amazingly, the company was not regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.
Will the Attorney General please look into this massive loophole?
The scandal could have been stopped if the FCA had been able to step in earlier.
The hon.
Gentleman will understand that the Attorney General and I superintend both the Crown Prosecution Service and the Serious Fraud Office, but that does not mean that we direct how they conduct investigations, and nor should we.
It is right and proper that both organisations conduct their matters independently of Government, and that will continue.
Further to the question by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bromley and Chislehurst (Sir Robert Neill) , what guidelines are given not only to the police but to the Crown Prosecution Service about the level at which fraud will be investigated?
As chair of the all-party parliamentary group on personal banking and fairer financial services, I have referred a number of cases that have come to me to the police and to the CPS, and they say that they do not have the resources to investigate them.
Could my hon.
and learned Friend update the House on the position?
My hon.
Friend is diligent in these matters, and he raises an issue that affects us all as constituency MPs, as we have all had cases brought to us that need to be investigated.
I work very closely with both the police and the Home Office, and I will continue to do so.
I call the shadow Minister.
In January 2022, the then Chancellor said that, clearly, criminals have sought to exploit our covid support schemes, and
“We’re going to do everything we can to get that money back and go after those who took advantage of the pandemic.”
What proportion of that money has been recovered so far?
How many of those who took advantage have been sent to jail?
First, I warmly welcome the hon.
Gentleman to his place or, rather, back to his place, as I understand that this is his third outing in the shadow ministerial team.
It is pleasing to see his predecessor,  the hon.
Member for Hammersmith (Andy Slaughter) , whose name is on the Order Paper.
We look forward to his question.
The shadow Minister will be interested to know that I recently visited the Insolvency Service, which is conducting investigations into the bounce back loan scheme and the like.
We must remember that the covid lending schemes delivered just under £80 billion of finance in almost  record time.
It was called for from across the House and should be supported, but he is right that those who have committed fraud should be investigated.
What assessment she has made of the effectiveness of the Unduly Lenient Sentence scheme.
In 2022, my office received 819 requests to review unduly lenient sentences.
Of those, 139 were referred to the Court of Appeal, and the sentence was increased in 68% of cases.
I welcome much of the work being done.
As the Solicitor General will be aware, a serving Royal Navy sailor was the subject of a violent attack in Torquay when he attempted to stop a group of yobs stamping a bird to death, but the unduly lenient community sentences and small fines handed down did not reflect the gravity of the offence or provide any deterrent.
What steps will the Government take to review the unduly lenient sentence scheme to cover cases such as that?
I am very grateful to my hon.
Friend for his question.
I know he has had a long-standing interest in this subject since even before he was a Member of the House, and I am grateful to him for holding the Government to account.
He knows that the ULS scheme—the unduly lenient sentence scheme—is reserved for the most serious matters.