Will the Government commit to doing so too?
Will they also commit to ensuring adequate resourcing for the National Cyber Security Centre, the intelligence agencies and the defending democracy taskforce?
I give the Minister every assurance that the Labour party will work in partnership and full co-operation with the Government and all relevant authorities to take every necessary step to address this threat and protect the integrity of our political process from hostile interference.
As politicians from different parties, we have all stood united across the House against Putin’s imperial aggression in Ukraine.
That unity is a source of strength and pride.
In the face of these threats, this House must remain united, Britain must remain united and democracies must remain united in defence of our institutions and against those who seek to undermine the great values that our society is founded upon.
I am grateful for the tone and constructive content of the right hon.
Gentleman’s response.
He is right to say that 2024 is a bumper year of elections, involving some 70 elections and billions of people across 40 countries.
This is a matter of trust and confidence, which is why we have made this statement now, to ensure that its full deterrent effect is properly timed.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked whether we are confident that we have uncovered the full extent of the activity.
We have a high degree of confidence with regard to this specific incident, but of course it is a question and our duty is to remain ever vigilant.
The lesson of this sort of activity is that a higher degree of vigilance is necessary, and that is the posture that we now maintain in terms of any future activity.
I am grateful that the right hon.
Gentleman welcomed the designation.
Specific action has been taken by the NCSC, in accordance and together with House authorities,  to ensure that all of the individuals affected have a higher degree of preventive measures in place.
The posture of the House authorities, and the security offer available, have been enhanced.
However, as I have said, it is a matter of improved vigilance on all sides.
As for additional steps we might take, there is the collective deterrent impact of our naming and shaming these individuals and designating them in our sanctions, as well as the diplomatic effort to call Russia out, combined with personal cyber-security measures on behalf of individuals—those important steps that all colleagues need to take.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about the Whitehall structure in this area and pointed to his own policy of calling for a joint cell.
We are confident that the defending democracy taskforce, led by the Security Minister, represents a robust and cross-departmental response.
On the wider picture of disinformation, the right hon.
Gentleman is right to say that we need to up our game to counter disinformation, call Russia out and better resource and energise our own security posture in the cyber domain.
That has been done; there is an enhanced degree of resource, organisation and political will.
This public statement today is part of the hugely important deterrent effect.
The Intelligence and Security Committee was one of the first to sound the alarm on this issue in its Russia report.
More recently, we have highlighted the risk that China poses through interference in democratic discourse, for example, in think-tanks and universities.
Will the Minister update the House on what action the Government are taking in response to the recommendations made in those two substantial reports?
My right hon.
Friend makes a very good point.
Clearly, this statement is about Russia, but she draws a comparison with the activity of China.