There is a new energy and a new rigour within the SFO, but I repeat that it is not just the SFO that conducts such investigations; the Insolvency Service is also involved, and is also carrying out some excellent work.
What steps she is taking to increase prosecution rates for small boat gangs and other people traffickers.
Earlier this year, the Attorney General and I visited Western Jet Foil and the joint control room in Dover to discuss the Illegal Migration Act 2023.
The number of small boat crossings is down by a third this year, and we are seeing an increase in the number of prosecutions since the introduction of the Nationality and Borders Act 2022.
Yesterday the Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Bill was laid before the House.
It would disapply the Human Rights Act 1998 for those seeking sanctuary.
That undermines the UK’s international reputation and international law.
The Home Secretary said yesterday at the Dispatch Box that the Attorney General made it clear that the Bill is in conformity with international law, so can he confirm that that advice was given, and how is it meant to impact small boat crossings and prosecutions?
The hon.
Gentleman has kindly been present throughout question time, so he will know that I cannot confirm or deny whether advice was even sought, let alone given, let alone its content.
His question is about small boat crossings, which Government Members are determined to stop.
I was disappointed that he did not support our Nationality and Borders Act, which prosecuted the people traffickers.
That is the substance of his question.
I look forward to his reading the Bill in more detail and supporting it in due course.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Transport if he will make a statement on expediting the contract process for refurbishing existing UK trains.
I thank the hon.
Member for his question, which I will answer on behalf of the Secretary of State.
The Department works closely with rolling stock owners and train operators to understand when new and refurbished trains are likely to be required, and to ensure a regular flow of work for train manufacturing companies.
Trains are major assets, with a lifetime of 35 to 40 years, so there will naturally be peaks and troughs in procurement cycles.
The average age of the current fleet is 17 years.
The Department has overseen the procurement of more than 8,000 new vehicles for the Great British mainline railway since 2012.
Some of those are still being produced, including Alstom trains for South Western and West Midlands trains.
Passenger travel habits have changed over the past three years, and while numbers are showing signs of improvement, we are still seeing reduced passenger revenue on the railway.
We are aware that Alstom is facing difficult trading conditions.
It is consulting its unions and employees on possible job losses.
While it must be a commercial decision for Alstom, the Government have been working with the company to explore options to enable it to continue manufacturing at its Derby site.
Officials from my Department and my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Transport have held regular meetings with senior management at Alstom.
We have also convened a cross-Whitehall group to advise on ways to support continued production at Derby and how best to support those workers who could lose their jobs.
The fact remains that the market for passenger trains is competitive.
The Department cannot guarantee orders for individual manufacturers.
None the less, we expect substantial continued demand for new trains.
Last month, LNER confirmed an order of 10 new tri-mode trains for the east coast main line, and on Monday, a tender for new trains for the TransPennine Express route was launched.
Contract awards are also expected between late 2024 and early 2025 for major orders for Southeastern, Northern and Chiltern.