When I have diligently written back to those individuals, they have said that they did not send the emails.
It is quite clear that hostile actors are collecting our constituents’ email addresses and using them to subvert the democratic process.
Will my hon.
Friend take the message not only back to the Foreign Office, but across the House, that this needs to be investigated and stopped?
My hon.
Friend makes a very good point.
This practice, using emails to insert malware or to entice users to click on a malicious link, is sometimes extremely convincing.
Staff have to deal with a great volume of such emails, which is why we are pleased that the House authorities have greater awareness.
Staff should seek guidance from the House authorities on taking a more secure approach.
The Minister contributed to a very good debate in the UK-EU Parliamentary Partnership Assembly, which met in Westminster earlier this week, and touched on some of these issues.
We are clearly dealing with hybrid warfare—there is no other phrase for it.
Although I commend the Minister for coming to the House to give us this information, the response of sanctioning two people seems rather mild.
Will he say more about that?
Will he also say something about the co-ordination across western democracies and allies on next year’s year of elections?
We must all co-ordinate so that we can spot patterns in order to deal with this threat.
The hon.
Lady should be reassured that, although today’s announcement pertains to two individuals, it is indicative of a huge and sustained institutional effort to tackle this threat by way of a vastly improved defensive cyber-capability right across our nation.
Our global response is working hand in glove with Five Eyes partners, and there is a huge diplomatic and security effort to make sure this activity is called out and pursued.
That is not just deterrence; it is also enhanced resilience.
Although the number of individuals is small, the hon.
Lady should be reassured that the institutional work is tremendously well resourced and entirely determined.
I thank the Minister for his statement.
I am incredibly grateful to the Speaker’s Office, the Security Minister and the House authorities for their work to increase our awareness and to improve our protection within Parliament, but we are in a very privileged position.
Frankly, the fabric of our society that is most at risk are those parts that do not have access to such information, whether they are small and medium-sized enterprises that supply critical national infrastructure, whether they are the parts of the economy that keep us going or, indeed, whether they are those who protect our elections.
Will the Minister speak a little about what protections and information will be offered to them so that they can support us?
My hon.
Friend makes a very good point.
This affects us all.
It not only affects parliamentarians or those in public life; it affects those in commerce.
The National Cyber Security Centre has published guidance and is available to provide guidance to those businesses that need to ensure they have a higher degree of cyber- security and resilience, particularly those involved in, for example, critical national infrastructure.
This is a refreshing statement, but what action will be taken?
This is a very serious challenge to our democracy.
Indeed, it is not only a serious challenge to Members of Parliament.
I know of a major takeover of a British company by a Chinese entity.
The senior executives said that, when they attended meetings, the Chinese knew information about the company, its secrets and its background that they could have known only by illegal means.
It is everywhere, and it is particularly coming from Russia, China and perhaps Iran and North Korea.
Can we have action?
Yes, we need to train our staff and Members of Parliament, but I was brainwashed as a child by the James Bond novels—maybe you were too,  Madam Deputy Speaker.