I reassure the House that we have identified targeting of parliamentary colleagues and engaged with victims through both the National Cyber Security Centre and the parliamentary authorities.
The Government will continue to expose and respond to malign cyber activity, holding Russia accountable for its actions.
To that end, the UK has designated two individuals under the UK’s cyber sanctions regime, following a thorough investigation by the National Crime Agency into the hack of the Institute for Statecraft.
In doing so we send a clear message that these actions have consequences.
This morning, the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office has summoned the Russian ambassador to the Foreign Office to convey that message.
We have robust systems in place to protect against the threat from foreign malign influence.
The Minister for Security, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Tonbridge and Malling (Tom Tugendhat) , leads the defending democracy taskforce, which drives work to improve our resilience against these threats.
Our National Cyber Security Centre, alongside Five Eyes partners, today published a technical advisory to provide guidance to organisations and individuals at risk of being targeted to help defend against such attacks.
We will continue to defend ourselves from adversaries who seek to threaten the freedoms that underpin our democracy.
It is and always will be an absolute priority to protect our democracy and elections.
A key component of increasing our resilience is supporting the National Cyber Security Centre and parliamentary authorities to deliver an enhanced cyber-security offer to right hon.
and hon.
Members, and to Members of the other place, that aims to better protect them against this insidious threat and support the resilience of our lively democratic society.
We hope that this statement helps to raise awareness of the threat and allows those in public life, in this House and beyond, to recognise how they may be targeted by such operations.
Russia has a long-established track record of reckless, indiscriminate and destabilising malicious cyber-activity, with impacts felt all over the world.
In recent years, the Government have, alongside allies, uncovered numerous instances of Russian intelligence targeting of critical national infrastructure, for example.
We have worked in close co-ordination with our intelligence partners to expose sophisticated cyber-espionage tools aimed at  sensitive targets.
The irony of Russia’s abusing the freedoms that it denies its own people to interfere in our politics will not be lost on anyone.
Of course, our political processes and institutions have endured in spite of those attacks, but the cyber threat posed by the Russian intelligence services is real and serious.
All right hon.
and hon.
Members should pay careful attention to it in the course of their work and their daily lives.
Many in this House may not consider themselves a potential victim.
I want to underline to the whole House that the targeting can be extremely convincing.
We must all play our part in exercising good cyber practices, using appropriate caution and following the good guidance of the National Cyber Security Centre and others to mitigate the threat.
That is how we defend ourselves and our precious democracy.
I commend this statement to the House.
I call the shadow Foreign Secretary.
I am grateful to the Minister for advance sight of his statement.
The news that the Russian intelligence service is behind an effort to target Members of this House and the other place, civil servants, journalists and NGOs is not just concerning; it is an attack—not only on individuals, but on British democracy, on both sides of this House, and on the public we represent.
Labour, along with the whole House, condemns it in the strongest terms.
The news comes as we approach 2024, the year of elections not only in Britain, but in the United States, India and the EU, with more than 70 elections scheduled in 40 countries across the world.