If not, what would be the legal basis for refusing an ICC request?
As I said, the UK supports the ICC and its chief prosecutor Karim Khan.
We do have surveillance flights operating in the region.
The primary purpose of those is to help with the hostage situation.
We will say once again that we very much hope that the hostages will be released immediately.
It is absolutely the case that we will continue to urge all parties to continue to abide by international humanitarian law.
What recent steps has she taken with Cabinet colleagues to uphold the rule of law within Government.
What recent steps has she taken with Cabinet colleagues to uphold the rule of law within Government
As I emphasised to the House of Lords Constitution Committee in June, the rule of law is fundamental to our constitution, and it is the duty of the Law Officers to uphold it.
I will not ask the Attorney General to comment on specific legal advice that she has given to colleagues—I know she cannot do that—but, as a general point of principle, does she agree that the inclusion of a notwithstanding clause in legislation cannot magic away the international laws to which it refers, especially if an individual claimant can still assert their rights under those international laws?
As the hon.
Gentleman knows very well, I am unable to do away with client confidentiality and give him the specifics of any legal advice that I may or may not have given.
I take very seriously my obligations to encourage the Government to act in a lawful manner and to ensure that the Government are acting in a lawful manner, both on the domestic front and on the international front.
While it is a pleasure to see my hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull East (Karl Turner)  back in his rightful place on the Front Bench, I wonder how long the Attorney General will feel able to remain in hers.
How comfortable is she with the draft Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Bill, which seeks to oust the jurisdiction of our highest courts, denies our country’s international treaty obligations and treats our constitution and the rule of law with contempt?
She has rightly said that her first duty is
“as an officer of the court”,
and she has called for a “respectful relationship” between the Executive and the courts.
Is that why her name does not appear on the face of the Bill?
May I start by thanking the former shadow Solicitor General for his great work while in that post and in particular for his championing of the pro bono movement, which I know he has always taken extremely seriously?
It has been and remains a pleasure to do business with him.
He knows perfectly well—better than most—that I cannot give from the Dispatch Box the details of legal advice that I have been giving to the Government, or of whether or not I have been giving such advice.
That remains the case.
I remain very comfortable in my role, and I hope that I will remain in this role to give the Government legal advice for a long time to come.
I join colleagues on both sides of the House in welcoming the new shadow Solicitor General, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull East (Karl Turner) , to his place.
I am delighted to see his predecessor, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hammersmith (Andy Slaughter) , still contributing to our debates.
It is a pleasure and a blessing to work with both of them.
As the previous questions illustrate, there is an intense level of public interest both inside and outside the House about the legal implications of the new Rwanda Bill.