All those manufacturers are bidding, and the hon.
Member is absolutely right that there must be a fair process for all, which will take place.
It is not that long ago that we had the hated Pacer trains on the Furness line.
We were very glad to see the back of those, but of course a new, shiny train is no good if it is not running.
The Minister mentioned that if we are not seeing customer demand, that is going to hurt the industry, so  could he speak to what the Government are doing to improve customer service and get the level of train service back up to where my constituents hope it will be?
We are aware that performance needs to be a lot better than it is currently, not just from train manufacturers but from Network Rail.
Indeed, I was due to meet with the train operators this morning to discuss that issue; obviously, I have had to move that meeting, but I am very happy to meet with my hon.
Friend so that I can take his particular points into account.
We need to do more.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Alstom Litchurch Lane factory in Derby has been building trains for over a century, since the dawn of train travel.
It has provided high-skilled jobs for the local community for generations and helps support other local companies that form part of its supply chain, and as Britain’s biggest train-building plant, it plays a pivotal role in supporting the growth of the midlands and our country’s manufacturing sector.
Following the Government’s chaos and indecision over HS2 and the lack of a long-term strategy, hundreds of highly skilled jobs at the plant are at risk, with no confirmed workload beyond the first quarter of 2024, and contracts to build trains for HS2 pushed back until 2026, creating a gap in orders.
This news will be deeply worrying for those affected and their families in the run-up to Christmas.
It will also be extremely concerning for local businesses that rely on the factory and the wider rail sector, and for the people of Derby.
The workers at Alstom have only days to get a decision out of the Minister before their livelihoods are put at risk—time is up.
They deserve to hear from the Minister how this has been allowed to happen, and what action the Government are taking to pursue a deal to secure the Derby plant and ensure that as many jobs are protected as possible.
What urgent clarity can the Government provide Alstom on the short-term rolling stock pipeline, including possible refurbishments?
I am pleased that the Minister confirmed that he will be meeting representatives from Unite the union, and I hope that he will commit to working with them to safeguard jobs.
When can the factory finally get certainty on HS2 orders, so that it can plan for the future and secure jobs?
How many more rail manufacturing jobs across the country are at risk following the Government’s recent decision on HS2?
Earlier this year, Derby was named the Government’s home of Great British Railways.
Just seven months on, the future of its landmark factory is in danger.
At the heart of this is the chaos and indecision of the Conservative party.
The Minister owes the people of Derby and the country an explanation of what he plans to do to stop the Prime Minister’s HS2 fiasco leading to more job losses.
I will, if I may, deal with the matter of HS2 head-on.
The shadow rail Minister made that same point, saying that this was somehow linked to HS2, and it has now been made from the Dispatch Box  today.
The Secretary of State responded to the shadow rail Minister, so I shall put this on the record.
With regard to HS2, he said:
“I can assure you this is not the case.