I thank the Minister for his answer.
Having gone through a difficult time during covid, in which it had to reduce staffing numbers, the Oscar Mayer factory in my constituency has now taken on additional product lines and is looking to expand and create significant new employment opportunities.
It uses traditional methods and fresh ingredients to make healthy and affordable meal options.
I know it is watching these proceedings and would be delighted if the Minister confirmed that he will visit the factory in Flint to see the huge improvements it has made in changing the ready meal sector, which has historically been poorly regarded?
The hon.
Gentleman will be surprised to know that I would be delighted to visit a food factory.
I am also delighted to hear about the success of Oscar Mayer.
North Wales has a strong food and drink footprint, represented by many large and small businesses.
Should my diary allow, I would be delighted to visit.
I will make sure that my colleagues in the Wales Office also know that they have an open invitation.
rose—
Question 11 is in the name of Sir Edward Leigh, who is not in his place.
I would be grateful if the Secretary of State answered the question, as the shadow Minister has indicated that he would like to ask a supplementary question.
What steps his Department is taking to manage waterways to help reduce the risk of flooding.
The Government are investing £5.2 billion in flood protection between 2021 and 2027.
This builds on the previous six-year investment of £2.6 billion, showing the increased investment that the Government are making in flood protection.
I call the shadow Minister.
I am grateful for your generosity, Madam Deputy Speaker.
We are just grateful that at least some Conservative Members have turned up.
On  20 October  over 500 homes in Chesterfield, like hundreds across the UK, were flooded, leading to the tragic death of Mrs Gilbert on Tapton Terrace.
Less than a month later, with the impeccable timing that only this accident-prone Government are capable of, the National Audit Office announced that the Government had cut by 40% the number of homes that will be protected from floods by 2027.
Will the Secretary of State at least promise the House that he will never again say to a flood victim that the Government are doing all they can?
I am sure the whole House extends our condolences on the sad loss of Mrs Gilbert.
Our investment in flood asset maintenance is up by £220 million.
As I said, the previous six-year investment was £2.6 billion.
Between 2021 and 2027, we are now investing £5.2 billion.
Yes, there have been pressures on the programme through inflation and covid, as the National Audit Office report shows, but what is not in doubt is the increased funding that this Government are putting into flood protection—the £5.2 billion indicates that—alongside the increased funding for flood maintenance.
What steps he is taking to tackle raptor persecution.
The Government take raptor persecution very seriously.
It is a national wildlife crime and there are strong penalties in place for offences committed against birds of prey.
In 2022, DEFRA more than doubled its funding for the national wildlife crime unit to £1.2 million over three years, in part to target crimes of raptor persecution.
I thank the Minister for his response.
There are many long-standing traditions that are worth preserving in our countryside, but raptor persecution is definitely not one of them.
It is a vile practice and we need to do much more to protect our majestic birds of prey.
Have the Minister and the Department considered whether introducing vicarious liability would act as a deterrent to rogue landowners who direct their gamekeepers to commit wildlife crime?
As I said, the Government take raptor persecution very seriously, and those found guilty of wildlife crimes should be subject to the full force of the law.