Friend for his question.
I know he has had a long-standing interest in this subject since even before he was a Member of the House, and I am grateful to him for holding the Government to account.
He knows that the ULS scheme—the unduly lenient sentence scheme—is reserved for the most serious matters.
It is right to say that we keep the scheme under review.
I cannot promise or guarantee to my hon.
Friend any imminent changes to it, but I am very grateful to him for raising that important case.
Could the Solicitor General make it clearer what the scheme is about and spread the message more broadly?
I regularly write to him to say that a sentence has been too lenient.
I recently wrote to him about Bernie Ecclestone, who I thought should have been severely punished for his behaviour.
I have also sometimes written to the Solicitor General and his predecessors about too severe sentences, often involving women who have not conducted any violent crime but get long sentences.
Can we have a balance, please?
Well, it is a Thursday, and I think we have heard a call for a Backbench Business debate or, indeed, for an Adjournment debate, and I would warmly welcome that.
There have been such debates on the unduly lenient sentence scheme.
It is not a mystery—there are further details online—but I would seriously welcome a further debate to air these matters, because they are important.
The hon.
Gentleman is right to say that the balance between, on the one hand, unduly lenient sentences, and on the other hand, manifestly excessive sentences is important, and I look forward to his application for a debate.
If she will hold discussions with Cabinet colleagues on consulting the International Criminal Court on potential breaches of international law in the conflict between Hamas and Israel.
I know that the hon.
Lady cares deeply about the region.
She and I—and, indeed, you, Madam Deputy Speaker—visited the region together some years ago, and I know that at the current time all of us will be thinking about the places we visited and the people we met.
In answer to her question, the ICC started an investigation into the situation in Palestine in March 2021.
I thank the Attorney General for her response.
In the light of the brutality and sexual violence perpetrated against Israeli civilians by the terrorists of Hamas, and the scale of the indiscriminate bombing of tens of thousands of Palestinians, including children, in Gaza, how is she urging the UK Government to advocate for the end of the killing to ensure that the International Criminal Court can gather the most detailed evidence to weigh the actions of all parties against international law at the earliest opportunity?
The Prime Minister, the Foreign Secretary and, indeed, the whole of the UK Government have consistently urged that international humanitarian law must be followed in this case.
The ICC prosecutor, who is a British-born barrister—Karim Khan, with whom I have had a number of extremely helpful meetings over the course of my time as Attorney General—has said that the investigation is
“ongoing and extends to the escalation of hostilities and violence since the attacks that took place on  7 October ”.
I call the spokesman for the Scottish National party.
Article 86 of the Rome statute says that, in relation to the work of the International Criminal Court, state parties shall “cooperate fully with the Court in its investigation and prosecution of crimes within the jurisdiction of the Court.”
Given that in 2022 the UK referred Russia to the ICC, can we assume that the UK will comply with any request from the ICC for footage from the reconnaissance flights operating over Gaza?
If not, what would be the legal basis for refusing an ICC request?
As I said, the UK supports the ICC and its chief prosecutor Karim Khan.
We do have surveillance flights operating in the region.