The shadow Minister raises an important point, because there have been concerns in the fishing sector.
The Minister for Food, Farming and Fisheries and I have been in touch with Department for Transport  colleagues on this issue.
There have been amendments to the regulations as a result of those discussions, which are ongoing.
However, we should not alarm people either, and the way that the shadow Minister characterised this—suggesting that someone went to their GP and raised an issue, and that prevented them from following their livelihood—is not what the regulations do.
I recognise that there have been concerns in the sector.
We are looking at them closely and following them up, but the situation is not as he characterised it.
That would cause undue harm to those in the fishing sector.
Post-Brexit attempts to recruit domestic workers into agricultural jobs have not managed to fill existing vacancies, leaving firms unable to produce at pre-Brexit levels.
New Government rules on migration now put the minimum income requirements for immigrant workers far higher than the level currently earned by an agricultural worker in the UK.
In that context, what assessment is he and his Department making of the impact that his Government’s draconian immigration policies will have on the security of domestic food production and on the cost and availability of food for consumers as they continue to battle the cost of living crisis to put food on their tables?
Of course we will work with colleagues in the fishing industry to discuss the impacts of the Home Office announcement—[Interruption.]
Perhaps the hon.
Member would like to hear the answer, having asked the question.
That is part of the discussions that we will have.
It is worth reminding the House that, for farming, the seasonal agricultural workers scheme is separate and is not part of the announcement from Home Office colleagues this week.
However, there will be questions from the fishing industry, and we stand ready to work with it on those.
Whether he has had recent discussions with representatives of supermarkets on their proposed changes to the Red Tractor scheme.
The Red Tractor assurance scheme is independent and its relationship with food retailers is a commercial matter for it.
Separately, the Government will launch a review of the fresh produce sector to understand issues relating to fairness in the supply chain.
It is important that consumers know about the food they buy.
I thank the Secretary of State for that answer.
As he will be aware, although farmers in this country want to comply, they are a bit concerned that they may be disadvantaged compared with foreign producers who do not work to the same standards.
What assurance can he give to British farmers that he will do everything he can to make sure that supermarkets do not disadvantage them?
I can give my hon.
Friend a very strong assurance on that front.
Supporting British farmers is my No.
1 priority.
Indeed, with the Minister for Food,  Farming and Fisheries in the Department, we have someone who has a lifetime’s experience of working as a farmer.
We should be proud of the Red Tractor scheme, which is known around the world for being a high-quality mark of British produce.
I recognise, however, that concerns have been raised and we will launch a review soon into fairness in the horticulture supply chain, but if necessary, I will not hesitate to use the powers in the relevant Act to introduce legislation to tackle contractual unfairness, wherever that exists.
What discussions he has had with the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero on the impact of climate change on food prices.
Food prices depend on a range of factors, which have recently included Russia’s war in Ukraine and the subsequent energy price rises.
Supporting our world-class farmers and food producers and driving down inflation are top priorities for the Government.
I thank the Secretary of State for his response.