The shadow rail Minister made that same point, saying that this was somehow linked to HS2, and it has now been made from the Dispatch Box  today.
The Secretary of State responded to the shadow rail Minister, so I shall put this on the record.
With regard to HS2, he said:
“I can assure you this is not the case.
Alstom is part of a contract with Hitachi to design, build and maintain HS2 trains for Phase One only.
Phase One of HS2 between Birmingham and London will continue”.
That position has been reiterated by Alstom’s chief executive.
I gently point out to  the hon.
Member for Wakefield (Simon Lightwood)  that this has nothing to do with HS2; that has been established, and it is erroneous to claim otherwise.
The hon.
Member also has to bear in mind that we now have four train manufacturers.
We cannot just award a contract to one manufacturer; there has to be a fair tender process for all the jobs across all four plants.
The Department for Transport has won a case brought by one of the other train manufacturers, demonstrating that our tendering process is fair.
My hon.
Friend referred in his opening statement to a new order from TransPennine.
He will be aware that there is severe overcrowding on the Cleethorpes-Manchester-Liverpool service, because the trains have been reduced from six carriages to three in recent months.
Can he enlighten me as to when the new stock will be coming forward, as it will greatly please my constituents?
I hope my hon.
Friend’s constituents will be comforted by the order, because it is not just an order for new TransPennine express trains but a complete upgrade of the TransPennine route.
The UK Government are spending more money on the TransPennine upgrade than was spent on the Elizabeth line, and that will mean delivering a better service.
I was with the managing director of TransPennine trains on Monday up in Yorkshire and we were discussing just that.
We need to improve the service and the rolling stock.
Upgrades to our trains must include electrification, but electrification is at a standstill, with only 101 miles of track being electrified this year.
East West Rail will not be electrified as standard, and dirty diesel trains are still going through Bath.
Will the Minister commit to a long-term plan for electrification?
The Prime Minister’s Network North plan did just that—electrification for Hull, between Sheffield and Manchester, and between Sheffield and Leeds.
They are vast projects, not small projects.
With regard to East West Rail, that is the upgrade of an existing line, which has its bridge sizes all the way through from Winslow to Bletchley, so it is difficult to put electrification on to that part.
Let me remind the hon.
Lady that there has been more than 1,200 miles of electrification in the past 12 years compared with just over 60 miles in the 12 years before that.
I think that is a pretty good record.
I, too, have met workers from the Alstom plant in Derby and, as a Unite member myself, representatives of Unite as well.
It was pleasing to hear that workers, representatives and management are united in their desire to retain good, high-skilled manufacturing jobs and train production  there.
I want to press the Minister again about recognising the importance of retaining the only end-to-end train production facilities in the UK during this short-term blip in production, so to speak.
Does he agree that this investment in public transport is vital if we want to tackle the net zero challenges we face?
The hon.
Lady is correct: that is vital.
The challenge, and it is a good challenge, is that we now have four manufacturers, and we need to help them with international orders.
That is why I sometimes go abroad with trade envoys from those companies to export around the globe.