The National Farmers Union recommends improving the current scheme by securing it for five years, with annual reviews, and by increasing the visa period to nine months, to cover longer harvests.
Does the Secretary of State agree that those potential reforms could support greater food security in the UK and mean less reliance on food imports?
I agree with the hon.
Lady on the importance of food productivity and the sustainability of our farming sector, which is why we held the “UK Farm to Fork” summit in May, chaired by the Prime Minister, where we discussed food security with representatives.
It is also why just in this past week we announced £45 million to support our farming and rural sector in getting innovation to farms and to help with costs, such as for solar, as part of that investment.
I welcome my right hon.
Friend to his new role and, in particular, the experience of negotiating with the European Union that he brings to it, which will become more and more important in the months ahead.
I welcome his remarks about supporting the farming industry, but I ask him not to forget the seafood industry and its importance in providing food security—I am sure he will not.
As he also knows, he has an open invite, as the new Environment Secretary, to visit my constituency, which is a major fishing constituency in the UK.
While he is there, if not before, through a virtual meeting, will he meet me and members of the seafood industry to discuss the way forward, because as much as we welcome the measures announced earlier this week to tackle abuse of legal migration, there are concerns as we transition away from freedom of movement?
Obviously, I am happy to give a commitment to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss those important issues.
He will be interested to know that just this week I had a series of meetings with fishing leaders to discuss some of the issues, including not only the 2026 negotiation, but the interaction with other areas of Government, not least in respect of the offshore wind sector and the pressure on space.
We also discussed the work going on in our marine protection zones and how that interacts with the fishing industry, which I am absolutely committed to supporting.
I call the shadow Minister.
I, too, welcome the new Minister, the Under-Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs,  the hon.
Member for Keighley (Robbie Moore) , and the new Secretary of State—I believe he is the fifth during my time in the shadow Environment team.
The fish our fishers catch is vital to our food security, but the recent antics of the Maritime and Coastguard Agency, which is, in the name of safety, implementing new medical rules, are leaving many inshore fishers at their wits’ end.
Can it really be right that a fisherman in the prime of his working life risks losing his livelihood because he was brave enough a few months ago to admit to a doctor that he felt anxious?
I do not think it is, so will the Secretary of State corner his colleague the Transport Secretary in order to get him to do better than a temporary pause on this and to look urgently at exemptions for smaller boats, as other countries have sensibly done?
It is great to have Cambridgeshire so well represented on these important issues of fishing and farming.
The shadow Minister raises an important point, because there have been concerns in the fishing sector.
The Minister for Food, Farming and Fisheries and I have been in touch with Department for Transport  colleagues on this issue.
There have been amendments to the regulations as a result of those discussions, which are ongoing.