I completely refute what the hon.
Lady has said.
I was looking forward to her question, but I was disappointed with the tone and  substance of it.
It is right to say that this Government are taking economic crime seriously, and fraud as well.
I hope she has seen the new fraud strategy and, importantly, the report commissioned from Jonathan Fisher KC and his review on disclosure, which is due out next summer.
The Government’s fraud strategy in May was billed as a comprehensive plan to tackle fraud against the public and business, so can the Attorney General explain why it contains no details of the number of offences suffered by business, no estimates of the losses that result, no targets in relation to business, no measures specific to business and not a single mention of the two biggest types of business fraud: procurement and payroll?
I am pleased that the hon.
Gentleman has seen the full strategy—that is good news.
I repeat my point about Jonathan Fisher KC, who has some important work to do.
The hon.
Gentleman will understand the volumes of crime and the volumes of digital material in the Serious Fraud Office.
Jonathan Fisher is looking at that and at disclosure, and that will help businesses, help individuals, help the country and help the SFO to get on with its job.
I call the Chair of the Justice Committee.
The Solicitor General will recall that back in 2022 the Justice Committee produced a report on fraud in the justice system and the steps needed to improve the way we tackle it.
I welcome a number of the changes that have been made, including the appointment of Mr Fisher KC, but will the Solicitor General reflect that one of the areas of concern is the type of fraud that is significant, causes real loss to businesses and individuals, but falls below the level dealt with by the SFO?
There is real concern about the capacity and expertise within police forces and the Crown Prosecution Service to tackle that level of fraud, which falls into the gap.
What is the fraud strategy and, more broadly, what are the Government going to do to empower the police and prosecuting authorities to tackle that sort of fraud?
I am grateful to the Chair of the Select Committee for his question.
We take all his reports seriously, especially in this area.
The CPS charges 76% of all fraud matters placed before it and has a conviction rate of more than 84%.
I will commit to reflecting further on this matter.
The Solicitor General will be aware that the Home Affairs Committee has launched a review of fraud.
Last week, we heard fascinating testimony on romance fraud from the victim of the Netflix series “The Tinder Swindler”.
Remarkably in her case, she was treated as a perpetrator, investigated by the police and threatened with prosecution, even though she had been defrauded out of hundreds of thousands of pounds, and was led a merry dance by that chap, who is still doing what he did then.
Is there not a case for bringing together Law Officers, Ministers, the police and the social media companies to ensure that we deal with the victims and the perpetrators accordingly?
My hon.
Friend always raises serious points and brings to bear his expertise from the Home Affairs Committee.
There is a case for cross-Government working.
In my role as a Law Officer I work across all Departments, including the Home Office, and I look forward to continuing to do so.
Greensill Capital is subject to criminal investigation in the UK, Switzerland and Germany.
In Duncan Mavin’s book “A Pyramid of Lies,” he subtitles the saga
“The Prime Minister, the Banker and the Billion-Pound Scandal”.
Amazingly, the company was not regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.
Will the Attorney General please look into this massive loophole?