I commend the great work that Conservative-run Harrow Council is doing, and I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for bringing those points to our attention.
The new fly-tipping league tables allow central and local government, and indeed members of the public, to identify councils that are taking a proactive approach to enforcement—instead of simply cleaning up after fly-tippers—at fly-tippers’ expense.
A successful healthy and sustainable food system requires a number of factors, including a consumer base that can afford it.
Recent surveys show that 25% of people have removed healthy and organic food from their diet to save money.
How does the Secretary of State plan to cultivate a consumer base that will enable people to buy good, healthy food?
My right hon.
Friend the Chancellor has set out a whole range of methods to support consumers with the cost of living—[Interruption.]
Just as the hon.
Lady raises her hands on that, it is also worth remembering that, under the Barnett consequentials, Scotland receives more per head than those consumers in England.
So those in Scotland are better able to meet those cost-of-living pressures—[Interruption.]
SNP Members do not seem to like the facts, but it is a fact that under Barnett consequentials the funding in Scotland is higher per head that the funding in England, which allows consumers to meet those cost of living pressures and to make those choices, should they so wish.
Over the past six weeks, the Suffolk and Norfolk coast has taken a real battering.
Homes have tragically been lost to the sea,  not least in Pakefield in my constituency.
Will my right hon.
Friend review the support provided to such households and businesses, to ensure that they receive parity of support with those impacted by pluvial and fluvial flooding?
As a fellow east of England MP, I know what a fantastic champion my hon.
Friend is for his constituents and how rigorously he will ensure that those points are made.
He, as an experienced parliamentarian, will also know that many of those fiscal issues are for colleagues within the Treasury, but I am very happy to have discussions with him and to make representations where required.
Oxford was proud when Port Meadow was given bathing water status, yet just last week the water quality was again rated poor.
With the Secretary of State meet me to discuss how we can hold Thames Water to account for its continual failure over dumping raw sewage in Oxfordshire?
I am happy, as the Minister responsible for water quality, to meet with the hon.
Lady, but I will also say that, from the bathing water classifications we saw this week, 95.7% of bathing waters in England are rated good or excellent.
That is up from 2010, when just 76% across England were rated good.
This Government are taking water quality seriously, and I will endeavour to make sure that we go even further.
That concludes questions to DEFRA Ministers.
We all welcome the new DEFRA team.
The Attorney General was asked—
What steps she is taking to help ensure the effective prosecution of perpetrators of fraud and economic crime.
What steps she is taking to help ensure effective prosecution of perpetrators of fraud and economic crime.
The Crown Prosecution Service and the Serious Fraud Office play a critical role in bringing economic criminals to justice.
Just yesterday, the SFO announced a new investigation into fraud at AOG Technics Ltd, an aircraft parts supplier.
That is the third new investigation launched since Nick Ephgrave became director of the SFO.
Members of the Conservative party used the pandemic as an opportunity to make money for their friends and donors totalling £3.5 billion.
When will they face justice?
I completely refute what the hon.
Lady has said.
I was looking forward to her question, but I was disappointed with the tone and  substance of it.