It is a vile practice and we need to do much more to protect our majestic birds of prey.
Have the Minister and the Department considered whether introducing vicarious liability would act as a deterrent to rogue landowners who direct their gamekeepers to commit wildlife crime?
As I said, the Government take raptor persecution very seriously, and those found guilty of wildlife crimes should be subject to the full force of the law.
DEFRA is working with the national bird of prey crime priority delivery group, which brings together the police, the Government, local authorities and stakeholders to make sure we are doing as much as we can to tackle this type of crime.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
May I begin by thanking and paying tribute to my predecessor, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Suffolk Coastal (Dr Coffey) , for her work as Secretary of State?
Having represented for over 13 years a rural constituency that, with the Cambridgeshire fens, is well known for its farming and water management, I am delighted to be appointed as Secretary of State at DEFRA and to be working with a strong ministerial team, including the new Under-Secretary of State, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Keighley (Robbie Moore) .
In the next few days I will be travelling to COP28 to continue the work that was put centre stage at Glasgow on ensuring that nature is at the heart of our approach to tackling climate change.
My priority for the Department is to back British farming and fishing, champion rural communities and protect our environment for generations to come.
I welcome the Secretary of State to his place.
My constituents are particularly keen that the UK has the best possible animal welfare standards internationally, and they wrote to ask the Secretary of State what progress is being made, particularly on livestock and equine welfare.
Animal welfare is an extremely important issue.
That is why we introduced the Animal Welfare (Livestock Exports) Bill in the King’s Speech.
We were only able to do that because of our exit from the European Union.
It is right that we put in place a ban to stop the export of livestock and horses for slaughter.
My hon.
Friend will also be aware of the two private Members’ Bills that are being taken forward to tackle the important issues of pet smuggling and pet theft, which I know are concerns to Members on both sides of the House.
I welcome the Secretary of State to his place.
He will have seen the BBC “Panorama” investigation that exposed how this Conservative Government have turned a blind eye to corruption and cover-ups at the heart of the water industry.
Consumers are left facing higher water bills, while water bosses profit from pollution.
Will the Secretary of State now back Labour’s plan to let the regulator block any bonuses for water bosses who are responsible for the tidal wave of sewage pouring into our rivers?
We can go one better than that, in that we have already brought forward measures that allow the regulator, Ofwat, to take action, alongside tougher  penalties, now with unlimited fines.
In addition, all storm overflows will be monitored 100% by the end of this year, and there will be a much tougher approach on regulation, as the House heard in the strong response to the debate earlier this week.
The Mayor of Greater Manchester’s proposal for a 493 square mile clean air charging zone would have been a disaster for businesses in my constituency.
Can my right hon.
Friend provide an update on the Government’s response to the current Greater Manchester clean air proposal?
I can try, but the task of finding clarity in the position of the Mayor of Greater Manchester in this regard is somewhat confusing.