Food prices depend on a range of factors, which have recently included Russia’s war in Ukraine and the subsequent energy price rises.
Supporting our world-class farmers and food producers and driving down inflation are top priorities for the Government.
I thank the Secretary of State for his response.
The Energy and Climate Intelligence Unit reports that energy costs and climate change have pushed up food bills by an average of £605 over the past two years, with climate change driving 60% of that increase.
We already import £8 billion-worth of food from countries struggling with extreme weather.
Obviously, we want to support those countries on an international level with climate adaptation.
In terms of our food security here, will the Secretary of State review his predecessor’s decision to secretly scrap the horticulture strategy, which could have helped domestic growers and made us more resilient to the impact of climate change on food security and food prices?
The hon.
Lady raises an important point about the impact of climate change on food prices in the future.
That is exactly why the Government passed the Genetic Technology (Precision Breeding) Act 2023 to help to unlock innovation and strengthen food security by enabling our leading scientists to develop crops that will best resist climate change.
It is why the Government published the third national adaptation programme as recently as July, and it is why we have our farming innovation programme—with £270 million of funding—which is focused on driving productivity and ensuring that there is sustainability in the environmental and farming sectors.
What recent assessment he has made of trends in the level of food prices.
October’s consumer prices index price inflation was 10.1%, down from 12.1% in September and the lowest figure since June 2022.
Industry analysts expect food price inflation to continue to decrease, and the Government are providing an average of £3,300 per household to help with the cost of living this year and next.
The Minister, like the Secretary of State before him, forgot to mention one of the biggest drivers of food inflation in this country.
I will give them a clue: it starts with “Br” and ends in “exit”.
The reality is that the UK is the only G7 country where food price inflation remains above 10%, and the average across OECD countries is 7.4%.
If this Government are not going to follow the SNP’s proposals for price controls on food, what are they going to do to finally get a grip on increasing food prices?
I think the hon.
Gentleman is mistaken.
If we compare prices in the European Union with prices here in the UK, we see that the price of a basket of goods here in the UK is substantially lower than it is for our friends in the European Union.
If Brexit were the problem here, surely those prices would be higher in the UK than they are in the European Union.
I think he is barking up the wrong tree.
What steps he is taking to support British food producers.
The Government are committed to supporting British food producers.
We are investing £2.4 billion a year in England’s farming sector, and we will also look to support more growers through the replacement of the fruit and vegetables aid scheme for England in 2026.
The Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs also sponsors small and medium-sized enterprise masterclasses to signpost and support those businesses.
I thank the Minister for his answer.
Having gone through a difficult time during covid, in which it had to reduce staffing numbers, the Oscar Mayer factory in my constituency has now taken on additional product lines and is looking to expand and create significant new employment opportunities.
It uses traditional methods and fresh ingredients to make healthy and affordable meal options.