Lady is correct: that is vital.
The challenge, and it is a good challenge, is that we now have four manufacturers, and we need to help them with international orders.
That is why I sometimes go abroad with trade envoys from those companies to export around the globe.
The average age of our rolling stock is down to just under 17 years—six years ago, it was 20 years—and as it gets fresher, there is a challenge with pipelines as well.
However, we are bringing contracts forward so that we can fill the order book better.
As a Derbyshire Member of Parliament, I can tell the Minister that there is huge concern about the future of Alstom.
I think it is perfectly reasonable to say that the Government have lacked strategic direction on rail.
They have gone from one project to another, and in the last few years there has been no sense of an industrial strategy.
When we have had these debates in the past, Ministers were always blaming the EU and saying we could not support British manufacturing because of the EU.
We are now out of the EU, and it seems to me that countries such as Germany are much better at supporting their manufacturing.
Can we have a real sense of urgency from the Minister and an indication that the Government are going to make sure, strategically, that these jobs are saved?
I assure the hon.
Member that the Secretary of State in particular has been meeting Alstom, and our officials and our director general meet Alstom, including with representatives.
I will be doing so on Tuesday week.
We will do everything we can to assist, but this is a commercial matter for the operator.
As I have mentioned, I have been to that plant with the Transport Committee and seen what it does for the workforce and for the supply chain.
We will be doing everything we can to assist Alstom in keeping that plant open.
I thank the Minister for his answers.
With many of my constituents dependent on Government help and support for manufacturing industry, I can well understand union fears at the dithering and the effect on the workforce.
It is necessary to refurbish a number of trains, so can the Minister outline how the Government will ensure that the much-needed refurbishment contracts can be organised to keep people in work, rather than paying out redundancy money to them only to rehire them six months later when things are arranged properly?
That is the desire of every Member of this House.
Yes, indeed.
As I have mentioned, we are bringing forward orders, and the Secretary of State has written to the companies that finance train manufacturing and refurbishment to ask what more they can do to bring forward that refurbishment.
At the risk of repeating myself, the challenge we have, and it is a good challenge, is that we have four fine train manufacturers and we have rolling stock that is younger than it previously was.
So the aim is to try to get orders out, which we are doing, but I reiterate that it is also  important that we help our train manufacturers export orders across the globe so that they can manufacture not just for home but for abroad, and keep those jobs going.
With permission, I will make a statement about attempted cyber interference in British democracy.
I know hon.
and right hon.
Members across this House will recognise the seriousness of this issue.
The Government have long highlighted the threat to the UK and our allies from malicious cyber activity conducted by the Russian intelligence services.
I can confirm today that the Russian Federal Security Service, the FSB, is behind a sustained effort to interfere in our democratic processes.
It has targeted Members of this House and the other place.
It has been targeting civil servants, journalists and non-government organisations.