Can my right hon.
Friend provide an update on the Government’s response to the current Greater Manchester clean air proposal?
I can try, but the task of finding clarity in the position of the Mayor of Greater Manchester in this regard is somewhat confusing.
First he says he is in favour of tackling the issue of air quality—and, indeed, we have heard from Opposition Members how important that is—and then, when he has powers to take action, he seems to look to Westminster and expect us to act on his behalf.
Of course I will follow up my hon.
Friend’s request and seek clarity from the Mayor, but the ability to do so has, to date, been rather limited.
Why have the Secretary of State and this Conservative Government allowed water companies to increase my constituents’ bills substantially and pay out millions in executive bonuses, while failing to regulate the industry’s rampant pollution and the dumping of raw sewage in our waterways, in stark contrast to Labour’s commitment to hold those companies accountable?
Let us look behind the rhetoric.
Given that the Leader of the Opposition keeps telling us that he wants the Labour Government in Wales to be his blueprint, it is probably worth our taking a look at Labour’s record in this respect. [
Interruption.]
The hon.
Gentleman asked the question, but he does not seem to want to hear about Labour’s record, which is not surprising.
Under Labour in Wales, the average number of spills from storm overflows last year was 66% higher than the average in England.
We have introduced unlimited fines and tougher regulation, and we have set strong targets in legislation.
We can see what Labour in power would deliver—we can see it in Wales: a 66% increase in storm overflows.
Can the Minister give me an update on the investigation by the Department and the UK Health Security Agency of the recently confirmed human case of influenza A(H1N2)v, which is similar to influenza viruses currently circulating in pigs in the UK?
Does he agree that infectious diseases such as this with a zoonotic potential underline the importance of the Animal and Plant Health Agency to our national biosecurity and public health, and that we should definitely be investing in the long-term redevelopment of its headquarters in Weybridge?
Swine influenza is endemic in the UK pig population.
It generally causes only mild illness, but the Health Security Agency’s investigation, with support from DEFRA, is ongoing.
We are committed to upholding the UK’s high level of biosecurity, and work is under  way, with £200 million in the current spending review, to safeguard the long-term future of Weybridge as a centre for scientific excellence in tackling high-risk diseases such as this.
rose—
Order.
We have not much time, so could we go a bit faster, with shorter questions and shorter answers?
What steps has the Department taken to deliver the measures proposed in the national food strategy to encourage the reformulation of food and drink products?
That is one of the issues that I look forward to dealing with in the weeks ahead, and I shall be happy to drop a note to the hon.
Lady.
I apologise for not being here earlier, Madam Deputy Speaker.
Fly-tipping is the No.
1 issue in my constituency.
Will my hon.
Friend join me in praising Conservative-run Harrow Council for introducing free waste collections and 24-hour notice of fly-tipping clear-ups, and indeed increasing the number of fines for fly-tipping from 60 per year—under Labour—to 600 last year?
I commend the great work that Conservative-run Harrow Council is doing, and I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for bringing those points to our attention.
The new fly-tipping league tables allow central and local government, and indeed members of the public, to identify councils that are taking a proactive approach to enforcement—instead of simply cleaning up after fly-tippers—at fly-tippers’ expense.