Member for Arundel and South Downs (Andrew Griffith) , to his role, and I congratulate the Under-Secretary of State,  the hon.
Member for Meriden (Saqib Bhatti) , on his appointment and on the birth of his child.
I hope that he is getting some sleep in these busy days.
AI has potential benefits across the public sector—I have seen that in hospitals, where it is already delivering huge benefits to patients—but the new safety institute, which will gather together world-class talent, is not being tasked with finding new uses to improve our public services.
Why not?
I thank the hon.
Member for his question and his kind remarks—I can assure him that I am getting some sleep.
The AI Safety Institute will look at the risks involved.
We will be working with the private sector, and we have always been clear that AI brings many benefits and we will ensure that we have a regulatory framework that encourages innovation and growth in the private and public sectors.
What steps her Department is taking to improve rural connectivity.
We have already announced 12 Project Gigabit contracts to extend gigabit-capable networks in rural and hard-to-reach areas of the UK.
More contracts are set to be announced shortly, from the extensive pipeline of procurements.
Through the shared rural network programme, we are also jointly investing over £1 billion with the industry to encourage 4G mobile coverage to 95% of the UK landmass by the end of 2025.
My Sedgefield constituency has faced many trials and tribulations in trying to get rural broadband, particularly in Killerby, Summerhouse and Mordon.
When I last met the leader of Building Digital UK, I was encouraged about progress.
Can the Minister reassure me that he also believes that progress is being made?
My hon.
Friend has been a fantastic champion in campaigning for improved connectivity for his constituents.
In the north-east as a whole, we have seen faster growth of gigabit broadband coverage than in any other region of the UK.
None the less, I am encouraged to hear of his discussions with BDUK.
I hope that a contract will be signed shortly to improve coverage still further, including in the towns that he mentions.
I am happy to keep him updated as soon as we are in a position to make further announcements.
Northleigh is like many other villages in rural Devon in that it has been waiting eight years for superfast broadband.
There are 51 houses in Northleigh that are still waiting to be connected.
Residents and small businesses are subject to constant emails saying, “Use your vouchers,” but they cannot because contractors are unaccountable.
Does the Minister agree with my constituents that the voucher scheme is ineffective and should be scrapped?
I do not agree with that.
The voucher scheme has delivered gigabit broadband to thousands of constituents up and down the country.
At the same time, we are rolling out the procurement contract.
I know that there are particular challenges in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency, but we have already extended gigabit coverage to 78% of the United Kingdom.
I am happy to ask BDUK to discuss with him any specific challenges in his constituency.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help support universities with research and development on net zero technologies.
I thank my predecessor, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mid Norfolk (George Freeman) , for the outstanding contribution he has made to British science and technology.
The Government are investing around £4.2 billion in net zero research and innovation over the current spending review period, including through UK Research and Innovation and other Government Departments.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
I am incredibly proud of the leading role that Cranfield University in my constituency is playing, not just in pioneering research around net zero but in commercialisation of that technology.