I thank my right hon.
Friend for that encouraging answer.
On behalf of my constituents in Lichfield, may I thank him for having the guts to stop HS2?
May I ask that, for the area in the north of my constituency where construction is still going on, that happens swiftly, and that in areas that will not have HS2, compensation is given swiftly to those people who are expecting it?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question and for his consistent campaigning on this issue.
I recall his last question at Prime Minister’s questions on this very topic.
I reassure him that we are committed to fair treatment for people affected by the changes, while protecting taxpayers appropriately.
Wherever property has been acquired for HS2, property owners have been fully compensated, and any outstanding cases will be settled.
We are developing a programme to sell the surplus land on HS2 phase 2, ensuring that it delivers value for money and does not disrupt local property markets.
I will ensure that the Rail Minister meets him swiftly so that he can speak on behalf of his constituents.
I call the leader of the Scottish National party.
In 2010, the then Prime Minister and now Foreign Secretary, David Cameron, said:
“People in Gaza are living under constant attacks and pressure in an open-air prison.”
Does the current Prime Minister not agree that if there is not an immediate ceasefire, we all in this Chamber will be watching on as that open-air prison is turned into a graveyard?
No one can deny the suffering that the people in Gaza are undergoing at the moment.
I spoke about this on Monday, and I spoke about it consistently with Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority.
We are doing everything we can to get aid into the region and we have repeatedly and consistently called for humanitarian pauses, to get aid in and get hostages and foreign nationals out as quickly as possible.
We will continue, as will the Foreign Secretary, to make sure that happens.
How much worse does it need to get?
In Gaza, 4,609 children are already dead.
Babies in the neonatal intensive care unit are dying because they do not have access to oxygen.
For Members across the House, this is a question of values and of conscience.
Does the Prime Minister not agree that should there be a vote on an immediate ceasefire, Members across the House should be afforded a free vote?
Our position as a Government is clear: it is right that Israel is able to defend itself.
That is a principle that we support.
It has suffered an appalling terrorist attack—Hamas is a terrorist organisation—and it is not just Israel’s right but its duty to protect its citizens.
At the same time, at the United Nations and bilaterally with all our partners we have consistently called for humanitarian pauses to ensure that more aid can get in, and hostages and foreign nationals can get out.
That is the right thing to do.
We will continue to do everything we can to alleviate the suffering of the Palestinian people.
I am confident that our efforts are already making a big difference on the ground.
Kirklees Council has closed Dewsbury sports centre; delivered just 14% of education, health and care plans within the 20-week target; and is unable to deliver a five-year land supply.
Those are just three of its many failings.
Now it wants to introduce extortionate car parking charges, punishing hard-working families and destroying the high street in our towns and villages.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that Labour-run Kirklees Council is no longer fit for purpose?
I share my hon.
Friend’s disappointment with the Labour-run council in Kirklees.
Just this week we saw a Labour councillor suspended for antisemitism.