At the heart of this case are a series of asylum seekers, one of whom I know has been confirmed as a victim of trafficking.
He has been stuck in an asylum hotel since May 2022.
As yet, the Government have not even begun to look at his claim for asylum.
Can the Home Secretary tell us when his Department will begin to process the claims of those people and get on with finding out whether they are illegal asylum seekers?
Or is he just going to continue with the charade that he can make Rwanda workable?
I do not have the details of the individual case that the hon.
Lady raises, so I cannot comment on the specifics, but I remind her and the  House that, as part of the Prime Minister’s 10-point plan, eliminating that historic backlog of case files was a commitment.
At the start of this process, the backlog stood at 91,000 cases; it has now been reduced to—
Fewer than 30,000.
Fewer than 30,000.
So, we are delivering on our commitment to work through that backlog of cases.
It was one of the areas where we made a commitment, we are delivering on it, and we will pursue all the elements of our plan.
rose—
Order.
I urge colleagues to be brief in their questions so that the Home Secretary can be brief in return.
We have a very packed agenda today and I want to make every effort to get everyone in.
I add my congratulations to the Home Secretary on his new role.
It seems to me that the key word is “time”.
We cannot keep relitigating this question to achieve what seems an ever-moving target in what the courts want us to achieve.
Our constituents sent us here with a very clear message: sort the small boats issue.
Parliament has passed legislation to sort the issue.
Can my right hon.
Friend be specific about the point at which the attempts by the Government to recondition the agreement with Rwanda into treaty form will have elapsed, and a “notwithstanding” clause, of the kind that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Harborough (Neil O’Brien)  has set out, will become the only tool by which we can ensure that the will of this House takes effect?
We cannot allow this cycle to continue indefinitely.
Order.
I remind the House that I did just say “be brief.”
I listened carefully to my right hon.
Friend’s comments.
We are absolutely determined to maintain the deterrent effect of the Rwanda scheme.
To an extent, it is already demonstrating utility by the fact that we know—anecdotally, so I will not over-interpret these figures—that the fear of it as part of our arsenal is already having a deterrent effect, which is exactly what it was designed to do.
National Governments cannot just vote themselves out of international commitments.
I recognise, as a former Foreign Secretary, that they are incredibly powerful tools as we try to do good around the wider world.
I give my right hon.
Friend the commitment that we remain relentlessly focused on ensuring that we continue to drive down the small boat crossings using the full range of capabilities at our disposal.
The Home Secretary and the Government are right to prioritise ending illegal migration.
By my count, he spoke six times in his statement about having “a plan”; the only word he left out was “cunning”, because his plans seem to be as workable, effective and chaotic as Baldrick’s in “Blackadder”.
That is no laughing matter, because while the plans are not working, there is still pressure on our infrastructure, there are still criminal gangs profiting  from people’s misery, and people who use legal routes are being disadvantaged.