The Government are investing around £4.2 billion in net zero research and innovation over the current spending review period, including through UK Research and Innovation and other Government Departments.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
I am incredibly proud of the leading role that Cranfield University in my constituency is playing, not just in pioneering research around net zero but in commercialisation of that technology.
Can the Minister outline what further support we can offer companies such as Cranfield Aerospace Solutions in my constituency, to make sure we capture that economic benefit locally in the future?
I share the hon.
Member’s pride in the wonderful work done by Cranfield University and Cranfield Aerospace Solutions.
We are providing £1.6 billion  of funding for the UK’s nine Catapults, including the High Value Manufacturing Catapult, some of which will go to the Cranfield Digital Aviation Research and Technology Centre.
I hope to join the hon.
Member in visiting that wonderful institution.
The Minister is new to his task, and a very wide portfolio it is.
In the wall-to-wall briefings he is currently getting, will he particularly ask for briefings on British science in the Arctic and the Antarctic?
We have 78 universities that are leading in that field—we are the fourth largest polar scientific research nation.
We are a leader in that area, and the Minister needs to know all about it.
I know that my hon.
Friend does fantastic work highlighting polar research through the all-party parliamentary group for the polar regions.
I will be happy to champion that work, and to meet him regarding that important domain for science.
I call the shadow Minister.
I welcome the Minister to his role.
I hope he will share his predecessor’s enthusiasm for, and commitment to, science.
Climate change presents huge challenges and huge opportunities.
Labour would champion university clusters and spin-outs as engines of sustainable regional growth, but right now great green job-creating businesses such as Low Carbon Materials, a Durham University spin-out, and Airex, an award-winning retrofit start-up, are bogged down by Tory red tape, with some new products subject to 11 different regulators.
Will the Minister adopt Labour’s proposal for a regulatory innovation office to unblock the system, end damaging uncertainty and drive much-needed growth?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question, and look forward to working collaboratively with her.
I absolutely share my predecessor’s determination to drive forward British science, including the all-important work on net zero.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
This week, the Secretary of State is building on the momentum from the artificial intelligence summit by meeting with key partners and policymakers in the United States, championing Britain’s leading global role in AI, space, tech, online safety, quantum and other areas.
It is only two weeks ago that Britain convened 28 countries and the European Union at Bletchley Park to sign the world’s first agreement on tackling the risks of frontier AI.
This followed the historic passage of the Online Safety Act 2023, which has been viewed across the world as the gold standard of online child safety legislation.
The Secretary of State will be consolidating and accelerating Britain’s global advantage in these priority areas, ensuring that the special relationship grows even stronger when it comes to science and technology, and that the collaboration between our two countries—
I call Priti Patel.
My right hon.
Friend will know that the planned retirement of the public switched telephone network in 2025 will bring very significant concerns across rural communities, particularly in Essex—he will be familiar with that.
Can he provide some assurance about the work that is under way between the Government and telecommunications providers to help improve services in Essex, particularly where we have poor broadband connectivity?