I share my hon.
Friend’s disappointment with the Labour-run council in Kirklees.
Just this week we saw a Labour councillor suspended for antisemitism.
As he said, it has also closed Dewsbury sports centre and is proposing to increase car parking charges, punishing local businesses and shoppers in the run-up to Christmas.
Clearly, the council is no longer fit for purpose.
Local residents deserve better.
Last week, Members from across the House heard testimony from a young Israeli man who lost both his peace-campaigning parents in the  7 October  attack.
This morning, we heard from Palestinians who have lost generations of families in the south of Gaza because of the military attacks there.
This is a question of humanity and morality.
The Prime Minister has an opportunity to lead the calls for peace, or to endorse death, violence and destruction.
Which will he choose?
I think that is an extremely naive and simplistic way of looking at the problem.
The hon.
Member failed to mention the fact that a proscribed terrorist organisation perpetrated an awful attack on over 1,000 individuals.
Israel has every right to defend itself in those circumstances.
People in that country would expect nothing less than for it to provide security for its citizens.
Of course, alongside that, it must abide by international law.
We will do everything we can, as I have said, to ensure that aid flows in and alleviates the suffering of the people in Gaza.
Proposals for a new rail station at Edginswell have been looked forward to for a decade, but a final funding gap exists.
Will some of the funds released by the decision to scrap further phases of HS2 be used to resolve that?
I can assure my hon.
Friend that our decision on HS2 means that every region of the country will now receive more transport investment than it would have done before, including the south-west.
I am pleased that there is funding to protect the vital rail link between Exeter and Plymouth, that there will be a £2.8 billion road resurfacing fund, and that his constituents in the south-west will continue to benefit from the £2 bus fare until the end of next year.
We have previously provided almost £8 million to progress the station that he mentions.
I can reassure him that the Rail Minister will have heard his representations and will continue to update him on the progress being made.
David Cameron was the well-paid public face of Lex Greensill.
Greensill’s companies are facing criminal investigations in Switzerland, Germany and here in the UK.
David Cameron messaged Ministers and officials 62 times over Greensill’s covid loan guarantees.
The Treasury Committee called that
“a significant lack of judgement”.
What does his appointment say about the Prime Minister’s own judgment?
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, the Government commissioned Nigel Boardman to review all those issues and strengthen the system following those recommendations.
I am very confident that this nation will be well represented abroad by the former Prime Minister.
He is a Prime Minister with unrivalled experience of foreign affairs and will help Britain to navigate an uncertain world in challenging times.
In contrast, the Labour party would offer to the country a shadow Foreign Secretary who backed the Leader of the Opposition’s predecessor to be leader, was paid to appear on Russian television and even voted against Trident.
Does that sound like a man who should represent Britain?
The inflation numbers published this morning were very welcome, but the tax burden continues to bite.
Will the Prime Minister agree in principle that the concept of higher rate tax was never meant to drag in police sergeants, band 8 nurses, teachers with additional responsibilities and others, and that a priority for his Treasury Ministers should be to return fairness to the tax thresholds?
I agree with my hon.
Friend and am pleased that the vast majority of people will continue not to pay the higher rate.