The UNHCR pointed out that it had rejected claims from countries such as Syria, Yemen and Afghanistan.
It is absolutely ludicrous that those claims could be rejected.
It also pointed to the lack of integrity in Rwanda’s own systems.
It is a serious problem and one that the Home Secretary claims today that he wants to fix, but he should focus his intentions instead on fixing the multiple failings of his own Department.
What now for the Illegal Migration Act 2023 and for the people who will now be left in immigration limbo without any recourse to claiming asylum?
This incompetent Tory Government cannot yeet them back to Rwanda and they will not process their claims, so what will happen to that group of people?
The solution lies not in puncturing the market in rubber dinghies, but in creating functioning safe and legal routes.
In the first half of the year, the largest group in small boats were Afghans.
That is proof positive that the schemes that the Government claim exist are just not working.
Many people make these dangerous journeys because they have no other option.
That remains the reality whoever the Home Secretary is, so I ask the right hon.
Gentleman when he will stop wasting public money chasing fantasies.
At least £1.4 million has been spent just on the legal challenges, never mind the rest of this incompetent scheme.
When will he create a system that treats the most vulnerable in the world with the dignity and respect that they are due to rebuild their lives here in the UK?
The Immigration Minister has not even given Glasgow’s MPs the meeting that he promised to discuss the people that the Government are about to make homeless through their bulk processing.
If the Home Secretary will not take seriously his responsibilities on immigration and on refugees, will he at least allow Scotland to have the right to do so, because we want to welcome people to our world?
On the hon.
Lady’s final point, if Scotland, or rather the Scottish Government—not the Scottish people—want to be more generous in practical terms to people seeking refuge here, they can do so.
In my experience, they choose not to.
With regard to the work that we are doing, I made clear in my statement the various work strands that we are doing in close co-operation with countries around the world to address all elements of the illegal migration pipeline, including interrupting the logistics around this evil practice, and it is working.
I draw the hon.
Lady’s attention to the fact that many other countries around Europe—countries that we have close working relationships with—are seeing a significant increase in their illegal arrivals, in stark contrast to the reductions we are seeing in the UK.
The hon.
Lady talked about a number of things, but ultimately I am drawn to the remarks that the Court made about refoulement:
“The structural changes and capacity-building needed to eliminate that risk may be delivered in the future”.
That is exactly what we are seeking to address.
I welcome my right hon.
Friend and Essex neighbour to the great position of Home Secretary, and wish him well in all his endeavours on this incredibly difficult issue.
He touched on the Supreme Court’s decision and its comments on refoulement.
Today’s judgment was clear on that, but the issue is not new; it was raised earlier this year in the Court of Appeal.
If I may say so, Ministers had the opportunity to address some of the practical measures prior to today’s judgment.
I urge the Home Secretary to take every necessary step and measure to work with the Government of Rwanda on the practical, operational delivery of the migration and economic development partnership to give all those assurances.
That partnership is clearly integral to ensuring that we break the business model and stop the evil trade of people smuggling.