When other countries are seeing 30%, 40%, 50%, 60%, 70% or 100% increases in their illegal arrivals, we are seeing a reduction of one third in ours, bucking the trend.
We have always said that Rwanda, and the deterrent effect of the Rwanda plan, is an important tool in our toolbox; we have never claimed that it was the only one.
We have always pursued a range of options—when I say “we”, I mean my right hon.
Friend the Immigration Minister, with me watching him from King Charles Street, although the collective “we” is appropriate here—and, as I set out in my statement, those activities are having an effect.
My final point is that the mask has slipped.
The glee that I detect from those on the Opposition Benches for this temporary setback on the delivery of our plan displays what we on the Government Benches know to be true: they do not want migration control to work.
They do not want to take control of our borders; they would rather delegate it to anybody else—[Interruption.]
Order.
I want to hear the Home Secretary.
I do not need those on the Front Bench—[Interruption.]
You may pull faces, but the bottom line is that I want some quiet to hear what is being said.
Our constituents at home want to hear that as well, but when you are chuntering so loudly, they cannot do so.
Indeed, Mr Speaker.
May I welcome my right hon.
Friend to his new position?
The Home Office is a great Department of State and I hope that he enjoys his time there as much as I enjoyed my time as Home Secretary.
Will he confirm that the judgment that the Supreme Court made today was not contingent on the European convention on human rights?
Indeed, the fundamental judgment was made regardless of the ECHR.
I pay tribute to my right hon.
Friend and predecessor.
She was a fantastic and long-serving Home Secretary, and I intend to compete with her on both of those metrics.
She makes an incredibly important point.
We looked closely at the judgment and found that it draws our attention to work that we can do, working with our partners in Rwanda, to address the  Supreme Court’s concerns about people being returned to unsafe countries.
That is where we will address our focus, because that will be the pathway to ensuring that Rwanda remains a key element of our basket of responses to illegal migration.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
We on the SNP Benches were very glad to see the unanimous decision of the Supreme Court today.
It really is quite ridiculous for the new Home Secretary to come to the House today to tell us that his predecessor’s dream will never die.
It has gone.
Give it up!
Do something else instead!
Before the extremists on his own Benches start to blame the ECHR, the Supreme Court judge, Lord Reed, was very clear that this is not just about the ECHR, but about the refugee convention, the UN convention against torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment, and the international covenant on civil and political rights as well as our own domestic legislation.
The Supreme Court made it clear that Rwanda is not a safe country.
At the heart of the judgment today is the principle of non-refoulement, which means that people must not be sent back into harm’s way.
The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees provided compelling evidence of Rwanda doing so, even after it signed the memorandum of understanding with the UK, as well as in its earlier deal with Israel.
The UNHCR pointed out that it had rejected claims from countries such as Syria, Yemen and Afghanistan.
It is absolutely ludicrous that those claims could be rejected.
It also pointed to the lack of integrity in Rwanda’s own systems.