This is a lengthy judgment that we now need to digest and reflect upon.
We take our obligations to the courts very seriously, which is why we have already taken action to address a number of points raised by the lower courts.
It is only through breaking the business model of illegal people traffickers that we can fully take control of our borders and save lives at sea.
This is why the Prime Minister backed our deal with Rwanda, passed legislation to deliver it and said, last December, that other countries would follow our lead.
We have now seen that other countries are, indeed, also exploring third-country models to address illegal immigration, including Austria, Germany and Denmark.
Italy’s deal with Albania is a new and innovative model for processing asylum claims.
Nothing in today’s Supreme Court judgment dims our commitment.
The Supreme Court said there are issues with Rwanda’s asylum system that could create the possibility of someone being returned to a country where they could face persecution.
I am struck by the Court’s remarks about the risk of refoulement:
“The structural changes and capacity-building needed to eliminate that risk may be delivered in the future, but they were not shown to be in place at the time when the lawfulness of the policy had to be considered in these proceedings.”
The judgment was making reference to the earlier proceedings.
We have a plan to provide exactly that certainty.
We anticipated this judgment as a possible result and, for the last few months, have been working on a plan to provide the certainty that the Court demands.
We have been working with Rwanda to build capacity and to amend our agreement to make it clear that those sent there cannot be sent to any country other than the UK.
Our intention is to upgrade our agreement to a treaty as soon as possible, which will make it absolutely clear to our courts and to Strasbourg that the risks laid out by the Court today have been responded to, will be consistent with international law and will ensure that Parliament is able to scrutinise it.
The Prime Minister has said that, if our domestic legal framework frustrates our plans, he is prepared to change our laws, but we are not going to put forward proposals simply to manufacture an unnecessary row for political gain.
We have a plan to deliver the Rwanda deal—[Interruption.]
Opposition Members are not listening, but they might want to listen to this.
We have a plan to deliver the Rwanda deal and we will do whatever it takes to stop the boats.
Illegal immigration is a huge global challenge, and that challenge is growing.
It was a topic that I regularly raised with countries across Europe and around the wider world in my former role as Foreign Secretary.
Across Europe, monthly illegal migrant numbers are trending upwards, with an exception: our numbers are falling.
Illegal immigration is dangerous, it undermines the laws of our country, and it is unfair on those who come here legally and on the British people who play by the rules.
It must and it will stop.
This a wonderful country.
I recognise that because I have just had the chance to see it as others see it from overseas.
Inevitably, people aspire to come here.
But more people coming here illegally is not fair on those struggling to get GP appointments, housing or access to schools, or on those people living near to asylum hotels.
The impacts are felt by some of the poorest in our society and we have a duty to address their concerns.
While the Conservative Government have taken action to protect our country, the Labour party has voted time and again—more than 80 times—not to protect our borders.
Rwanda is ready and willing to help.
The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees operates its own refugee scheme in Rwanda.