The Supreme Court’s judgment has put paid to the lazy, ill-informed argument that it is the European convention on human rights, and only the European convention on human rights, that is blocking this Government on asylum and immigration.
This Government have spent two years formulating a policy that has proven incompatible with a multitude of international treaties to which the UK is signed up and with numerous provisions of our domestic law.
The Supreme Court was very clear about that.
My question for the Home Secretary is this: when is he going to explain to his Back Benchers that the UK Government’s response to this judgment must be to produce a humane asylum policy that works, not to try to overcome vital checks and balances of the rule of law and human rights law that stymie bad policy decisions and protect human rights?
Our immigration policies, as laid out in the figures I ran through in my statement, are having the positive effect that we committed to.
We are bringing down small boat numbers, the need for hotel places and so on.
I said in my statement that their lordships have set out the route to successfully operationalising the Rwanda scheme, through addressing those concerns about refoulement.
We will focus on what we need to achieve to unlock that.
We recognise that this is a constant battle against criminals and, as with all constant battles against criminals, we focus on what is effective and right.
Their lordships set out exactly what that is, and that is what we will focus on.
I genuinely welcome my right hon.
Friend to his place at the Dispatch Box.
Speaking softly and carrying a big stick is always a very good way of behaving—no reference intended.
I fully agree with all his intentions and the direction of travel in which he wants to go to settle this issue, in terms of proper organisation such that concerns are dealt with in the courts.
Does he not agree that those who greet this judgment with glee need to remember that people are dying in the channel trying to cross in the boats?
Will the Home Secretary ask our right hon.
and learned Friend the Attorney General to come to the Dispatch Box in due course to reflect on the judgment?
It appears to me that it is much wider than the migration judgment, because we are now linking directly to applicability in UK law agreements that were made with the UN that were never bound into UK law.
Whether one wants it or not, that widens the whole issue of what becomes justiciable, and I would be grateful if she would come to the House at some point and deal with that.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his kind words.
My focus in this role is making sure that the Department is highly effective in protecting the British people and protecting our borders.
This is not about trying to look tough; it is about trying to deliver for the British people, and that will be my relentless focus.
My right hon.
and learned Friend the Attorney General reminds me that her advice, like that of all very good in-house lawyers, is limited to the client, which is His Majesty’s Government.
However, I have no doubt I could persuade her to meet my right hon.
Friend on a private basis.
I welcome the Home Secretary to his new role.
I am sure he would want to join me in expressing gratitude to all those in our public services who came here as refugees and make such a fantastic contribution to our country.
At the heart of this case are a series of asylum seekers, one of whom I know has been confirmed as a victim of trafficking.
He has been stuck in an asylum hotel since May 2022.
As yet, the Government have not even begun to look at his claim for asylum.