Friend absolutely confident that the Electoral Commission has all the powers it needs to prevent that, and why are the Government not implementing their suggestion in the White Paper to introduce the legislation to empower regulators?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his kind remarks.
As I said, the Government will take this issue incredibly seriously, and I am confident that, through the defending democracy taskforce and election cell, we will be able to do the utmost to protect ourselves from election interference.
I offer to meet him to discuss this further and see what else can be done.
I too welcome my hon.
Friend to his role.
What discussions has he or his Department had about raising public awareness of the impact that AI will have on society, and increasing understanding that not all content, harmful or otherwise, might be what it seems?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his remarks.
We have just had a global, leading AI safety summit, which had immense coverage on that and also focused on frontier risks.
We have always been clear that we will take a pragmatic, proportionate and contextual approach.
With the 28 countries plus the European Union who have agreed to the Bletchley declaration, there is a great opportunity to use AI for our benefit, but we should also be wary of the risks involved.
What steps the Government are taking to regulate AI.
The AI regulation White Paper set out how we will regulate AI through a flexible framework.
We have taken steps to implement our approach, including establishing a central AI risk function and the AI Safety Institute.
We are engaging closely with regulators and their sponsoring Government Departments to understand their readiness to regulate AI effectively.
This weekend I was disturbed by news of a deepfake audio of Sadiq Khan circulating online, clearly manufactured to whip up hate and disinformation.
That is cause for grave concern for elected representatives.
As the National Cyber Security Centre warned yesterday, advances in artificial intelligence will be exploited by “malicious actors” seeking to spread disinformation and undermine our democracy, and the technology is already falling into the wrong hands.
With elections next year, does the Minister recognise the urgent need for binding, not voluntary, regulation of frontier AI?
I share those concerns and have been following the news.
It is not just the video at the weekend; there has been another one, which is about the Leader of the Opposition—that is incredibly concerning.
We are working with media organisations and online platforms, and looking at this closely with the defending democracy taskforce.
This week, the Science and Technology Committee has been in Brussels listening to how the EU is progressing with its regulation of AI.
Despite the commitment to introducing legislation in the White Paper, it was not included in the King’s Speech.
Why not?
The Government have been clear that we will take a contextual and proportionate response.
The key is to understand the risks involved.
The Government are not saying that there will not be any legislation in the future; we are saying that we need first to understand the risks and then to adapt accordingly.
The Secretary of State is in the United States at the moment.
What is clear from the Bletchley declaration, and from the conversation that I had with her yesterday, is that we are seen as a global leader in this field, and other countries are looking to us to lead the way.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I welcome the Minister of State,  the hon.
Member for Arundel and South Downs (Andrew Griffith) , to his role, and I congratulate the Under-Secretary of State,  the hon.
Member for Meriden (Saqib Bhatti) , on his appointment and on the birth of his child.
I hope that he is getting some sleep in these busy days.