Last year, through the Homes for Ukraine scheme, my family and I welcomed a refugee family to our home.
I am proud that this country has always offered refuge to those who need it.
However, it is essential that we in this country decide who comes here.
The Prime Minister has rightly said that he will do whatever it takes to stop the small boats and the evil trade around them, but is it not apparent  after this morning’s ruling that what it will take is a new law to override the Human Rights Act and cut through the thicket of case law built up by judicial activism, so that we can bring back control of our borders and stop the small boats?
It is right that we go through the judgment carefully and properly.
As I have said, the Government have already been working in advance on a new treaty with Rwanda to address the concerns that were raised previously and were raised by the Supreme Court, which also acknowledged that changes can be delivered to address those issues.
Let me repeat, however, that if it becomes clear that our domestic legal frameworks, or indeed international conventions, are still frustrating plans after that point, I am prepared to change our laws and revisit those international relationships, because we are absolutely committed to stopping the boats.
I thank the Prime Minister for meeting my constituent Noam.
It has been 40 days since his mum, Ada Sagi, was kidnapped by Hamas on 7 October.
We all condemn Hamas’s actions and fight for the return of all hostages.
Noam wants the language of love to be louder than the language of hate.
Some 11,000 Palestinians have been killed, more than 4,000 of them children.
International law is important.
Does the Prime Minister agree that we can support Israel but also call out breaches of international law?
I have been consistent from the start that while Israel has a right to defend itself, it is important that it complies with international law.
It is a point I have made in every meeting or phone conversation I have had with Prime Minister Netanyahu.
It was a privilege to meet the hon.
Lady’s constituents and to hear of the pain they are going through, which I have enormous sympathy for.
That is why we are doing everything we can to bring hostages home.
We are engaged intensively in diplomatic activity in the region and working to get foreign nationals and British nationals home, and I am pleased to say that well over 200 have now left Gaza.
We will continue to do everything we can to ensure that everyone can safely leave who needs to.
The Prime Minister knows that I stand unapologetically with my steelmakers in Scunthorpe.
He knows that I believe, as many across this House do, that the UK must retain a virgin steelmaking capability, for strategic reasons if nothing else.
Will he reassure the House that he is personally following developments at British Steel and doing all he can to retain what is a vital sovereign capability?
My hon.
Friend is a fantastic champion for her local steelworking community.
I hope she is reassured by the action that this Government have already taken to support steelmaking in our country, reaching a landmark agreement with Tata Steel to safeguard thousands of jobs there, as well as during the pandemic.
I agree that it is important for our industrial base, and we will continue to have constructive conversations with all those companies to ensure that we can support them in their transition to a cleaner, greener steelmaking future.
According to the British Independent Retailers Association on a matter that affects every constituency across this kingdom, 82% of retailers do not even bother reporting physical attacks on their staff, and shopkeepers need to sell an additional 12 items to make up for each item that is stolen.