The decision to migrate from the public switched telephone network to voice over internet is one for the industry, but nevertheless we are following this very carefully.
Ofcom has regular discussions, and I, too, have been meeting Ofcom.
The right hon.
Gentleman is right that we need to make it certain that vulnerable consumers are protected.
Ofcom will ensure that providers give them back-up in the event of a power outage, and it will be their duty to ensure that that is sufficient.
I am all in favour of new infrastructure being rolled out, and the replacement of old technologies with new ones.
What discussions has the Minister had with the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities on how we can ensure that telecoms providers use any existing ducting, rather than putting up telegraph poles unnecessarily?
I have a great deal of sympathy with my right hon.
Friend’s question, as I know that this matter is causing concern for a number of Members.
We are very keen that unnecessary infrastructure should not be built where existing ducts can be used.
We have set out regulations on that, and Ofcom oversees it.
Local authorities will be able to make reports to Ofcom if existing ducts are not being sufficiently used and it is felt that the infrastructure is not necessary.
What steps her Department is taking to tackle harmful AI-generated content on social media.
What steps her Department is taking to tackle harmful AI-generated content on social media.
The Online Safety Act 2023, which recently received Royal Assent, has been designed to keep pace with emerging technologies.
The Act will regulate AI-generated content in much the same way that it does content created by humans.
It covers AI-generated content shared by users with other users, search results generated by AI and AI-generated pornography.
In addition, the Act will criminalise the sharing of deepfake intimate image abuse, including when that is AI-generated.
May I take this opportunity to welcome the Minister to the Dispatch Box?
I will not embarrass him by calling him a friend, but I wish him the best of luck.
As the world transitions into the new age of AI, the Tories are leaving the people of Scotland at risk from harmful AI-generated content and social media.
Will the Minister outline why the Scottish Government was blocked from participating in one of the first major AI safety summits?
I thank the hon.
Member—I will embarrass her and say that we are friends.
However, I respectfully disagree, because the Scottish people were represented by the UK Government.
Meta, having recognised the threat that unrestricted use of AI could represent in elections and democracy, has banned the use of generative AI in its political adverts.
Why does a private company seem to be doing more to curb the spread of electoral misinformation than this Government?
The Government take the integrity and security of our democratic processes very seriously.
We will continue to safeguard against future risks, strengthen our resilience and ensure that the regulatory framework is as effective as possible.
DSIT supports wider cross-Government efforts to protect UK democratic processes, including through the defending democracy taskforce and election cell, and will be working closely with social media platforms to ensure that the right systems are in place to identify and remove harmful material, including deepfakes, where it breaches platform terms of service.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
I warmly congratulate my hon.
Friend on his appointment and welcome him to the Dispatch Box.
GCHQ this week says that it expects hostile disruption of the next election through deepfakes using AI.
Is my hon.
Friend absolutely confident that the Electoral Commission has all the powers it needs to prevent that, and why are the Government not implementing their suggestion in the White Paper to introduce the legislation to empower regulators?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his kind remarks.