Despite his optimism, the Supreme Court judgment says
“the Rwandan government indicated that the contemplated arrangements might not be straightforward to implement in practice…the provision of resources does not mean that the problems which we have described can be resolved in the short term.”
Again, we have more of the magical thinking.
What does this mean for the Prime Minister’s flagship legislation?
He boasted about passing it only yesterday, but the Government have not actually commenced the central clauses of the law, because without Rwanda—and, frankly, even with Rwanda—the policy does not work and will just lead to an endless, ever-increasing permanent backlog.
Will the Secretary of State confirm now that he will not be implementing the central tenets of that law this year?
Will he also confirm that this means that the Prime Minister’s pledges to introduce the new law to stop the boats and end hotel use will all be broken this year?
Why will the Home Secretary not put that money into a proper plan to tackle the boats?
I do not believe that he ever believed in the Rwanda plan.
He distanced himself from it and his predecessor’s language on it.
He may even, on occasion, have privately called it batshit.
But he and I agree that we need action to stop the boat crossings that are undermining border security and putting lives at risk.
We need a properly controlled and managed system for asylum and refugees.
Let us concentrate instead on the things that can work.
We support the work with France along the northern coast; we want it to go further.
We support the work with Albania and with other countries across Europe to tackle the gangs, but it is far, far too weak.
We need a proper, comprehensive and massively scaled-up plan to go after the criminal gangs, a proper system to clear the backlog, and a proper returns unit in place so that we can end hotel use.
Instead of that cost going up from £6 million to £8 million a day on his watch, let us end hotel use and save the taxpayer £2 billion.
That should be common ground, so I suggest that he stops wasting taxpayers’ money on more failing schemes, that  he ditches the magical thinking and the culture wars of his predecessors and that he ditches the gimmicks and finally gets a grip.
One of the dangers of writing a critique of Government policy before reading the facts laid out in a statement is that the statement makes the critique obsolete.
The right hon.
Lady talks about hotel usage, which I remind the House is coming down.
She talks about small boat arrivals in the UK, which I remind the House are coming down.
She talks about forming closer working relationships with our European partners, which I remind the House we are already doing.
In response to the right hon.
Lady’s various questions, I have written here, “Does Labour have a plan?” [
Interruption.]
If those on the Labour Benches could curb their enthusiasm and listen to what I was about to say next, they would hear that I was going to concede that it is clear that they do have a plan.
Their plan—their great idea—is to do what the Government are already doing, which is bucking the European trend.
When other countries are seeing 30%, 40%, 50%, 60%, 70% or 100% increases in their illegal arrivals, we are seeing a reduction of one third in ours, bucking the trend.
We have always said that Rwanda, and the deterrent effect of the Rwanda plan, is an important tool in our toolbox; we have never claimed that it was the only one.
We have always pursued a range of options—when I say “we”, I mean my right hon.