Lady for raising an important issue, and I will of course ask the Health Secretary to look into it.
As she will understand, NICE operates independently of Government, but if there is a conversation that can be had, I will ensure that it takes place.
In view of the events of the last six weeks, can the Prime Minister tell the House why the Government have not proscribed the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps?
This Government continue to take strong action against Iran while people in the UK and around the world are under threat from the regime.
We have sanctioned more than 350 Iranian individuals and entities, including the IRGC in its entirety.
The National Security Act 2023 implements new measures to protect the British public, including new offences for espionage and foreign interference.
While the Government  keep the list of proscribed organisations under review, it is, as Members will be aware, a long-standing convention that we do not comment on whether a specific organisation is being considered for proscription.
The Prime Minister has just said that David Cameron had unprecedented experience, so what would he say was his finest foreign policy achievement?
There are many, many to pick from, but what I would say is that under his leadership this country hosted what was widely considered to be one of the most successful G8 summits of recent times.
It was great to welcome the Prime Minister to Chelmsford earlier this year, when he launched his antisocial behaviour strategy.
He will be pleased to know that the local police have been consistently stepping up their activities.
Last week they arrested 24 people for many crimes, and last night they took out a major county lines gang.
Will the Prime Minister please join me in congratulating all those in our local police force, and would he like to come back to Chelmsford and go out on patrol, because he would be very welcome?
It was great to visit my right hon.
Friend and to launch the Government’s antisocial behaviour plan.
I thank her for raising awareness about the important work that her local policing team are doing, and I am pleased that they have been empowered by our strategy.
Antisocial behaviour makes life miserable for many, which is why the delivery of our plan is so important, and it is making a difference across the country, including in her part of the world.
I was also pleased to see that under this Government, by the most recent year for which we have data, crime had decreased by 56% since 2010.
It is insulting that in the week that marks 20 years since the abolition of section 28, the Prime Minister has appointed a Minister without Portfolio who frequently attacks the LGBTQ+ community and who, with their so-called war on woke, seeks a return to those awful days, denying our human rights and attacking our very existence.
Does the Prime Minister agree that he has manifestly and repeatedly failed?
It is time for him to resign and to call a general election.
Actually, this Government and previous Governments have a proud record in championing LGBT rights.
It was this Government who introduced same-sex marriage.
We will continue to ensure that everyone in our society can live with tolerance and compassion, and have every opportunity available to them.
That is what we have delivered, and that is what we will continue to deliver.
Last year, through the Homes for Ukraine scheme, my family and I welcomed a refugee family to our home.
I am proud that this country has always offered refuge to those who need it.
However, it is essential that we in this country decide who comes here.