Will the Prime Minister agree in principle that the concept of higher rate tax was never meant to drag in police sergeants, band 8 nurses, teachers with additional responsibilities and others, and that a priority for his Treasury Ministers should be to return fairness to the tax thresholds?
I agree with my hon.
Friend and am pleased that the vast majority of people will continue not to pay the higher rate.
I share his ambition to cut taxes for working people.
Right now, inflation is falling and we are sticking to our plan, which is delivering a halving of it this year.
That is the most effective tax cut we could have delivered for the British people this year, rather than making it worse, as the Labour party would do, by borrowing money irresponsibly and in a way that would just drive up inflation and interest rates.
But I want to reassure him that I absolutely share his ambition to cut taxes for working people.
As we stabilise the economy, that is something both the Chancellor and I are keen to deliver.
My son loves football, and I understand that the Prime Minister is a big Southampton supporter.
After his latest Cabinet  reshuffle, I wonder whether he can answer me this: since 2010, have we seen more Southampton managers sacked or have we seen more Housing Ministers come and go?
The answer might help to explain why the Government are failing so miserably on new home ownership.
I am pleased that the last figures show that actually we had a record number of first-time buyers.
We are delivering 1 million homes over this Parliament, while at the same time the Labour party blocked our plans to unlock 100,000 homes.
When it comes to Southampton, I am also pleased that we are on, I think, a seven or eight-game unbeaten run.
If a two-state solution is to have a chance, Hamas must be defeated, but there will also first have to be a more enlightened policy of administration in the occupied west bank, mustn’t there?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his question.
The UK’s long-standing position on the middle east peace process is very clear: we support a negotiated settlement, leading to a safe and secure Israel alongside a viable and sovereign Palestinian state in Gaza and the west bank.
I spoke about this on Monday.
Both Israelis and Palestinians have a right to live in peace and security.
The longer-term governance of Gaza and security needs to be looked at in the round.
It is something that I have discussed repeatedly with President Abbas.
We agree with the United States that Gaza should ultimately be under the control of the Palestinian Authority.
We will continue to support President Abbas and his people to get to that outcome.
A new generation of drugs, Orkambi, Symkevi and Kaftrio, is transforming the lives of patients with cystic fibrosis.
People who would otherwise be waiting for double lung transplants are now living happy, healthy lives.
However, the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence is now saying that we cannot afford those drugs.
Will the Prime Minister and his new Health Secretary get around the table with NICE and the drugs company to ensure that the children who are being born with cystic fibrosis today are given those life-saving drugs in the same way as the children who are currently living with cystic fibrosis?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising an important issue, and I will of course ask the Health Secretary to look into it.
As she will understand, NICE operates independently of Government, but if there is a conversation that can be had, I will ensure that it takes place.
In view of the events of the last six weeks, can the Prime Minister tell the House why the Government have not proscribed the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps?