Friend the Immigration Minister and I formed something of a tag team with the Government in Tirana, and we are seeing the success that comes from pragmatic but determined relationships with European partners and others.
I pay tribute to the Immigration Minister for that work.
I also warmly welcome the Home Secretary to his post, not least because I know people in the Foreign Office who were rather sad to see him go.
However, let me try this question again: what does he think about the 2% of people who claim asylum on the basis of their sexuality because they face massive persecution and death threats in their own country?
Does he think they are pretending to be lesbian, gay or bisexual?
If he does, can he provide evidence for that?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that we cannot prove a negative.
That is a fallacy.
I thank him for his kind words about my time as Foreign Secretary; he will know, since he clearly has a mole inside my old organisation, how passionately I pursued the rights of LGBT people around the world, including having some very difficult conversations where necessary.
I absolutely want to make sure that those people are protected, but we should also recognise that bad people hide among good people and sometimes people lie to take advantage of the good will of others.
It is nonsense to suggest that everybody who claims to be suffering persecution because of their sexuality is lying, and I would certainly never say that, but we need to ensure that people are not attempting to abuse the process, as we do with any process or system, because that limits our ability to help those who genuinely are in need.
I recognise that LGBT people do face genuine persecution around the world, and we want to support and help them.
Much of the Supreme Court’s judgment today was encouraging, with a high court endorsing yet again the principle of what we are looking to do with Rwanda.
As was touched on earlier, much of the decision turned on the facts, particularly those relating to refoulement—that is, the risk that those transferred to Rwanda might be returned to a country where they would face persecution.
May I test my right hon.
Friend on what work he is doing, looking at the decision-making capability of the Home Office, to help Rwanda to build up its own decision-making capability, and how our judiciary might work with Rwanda’s judiciary to address some of the Supreme Court’s points in that area?
I pay tribute to my right hon.
Friend—[Interruption.]
I meant to say my hon.
Friend, although he deserves to be my right hon.
Friend.
I know that he did a lot of the work on this very subject, and his question goes to the heart of how we operationalise the Rwanda plan.
Their lordships set out exactly the point he raises about capacity building and professionalising Rwanda’s system.
I have had exchanges this morning with my Rwandan opposite number, who I have met before.
The Rwandans are keen to build and strengthen their institutional structures, and they see us as a key partner in achieving that.
Together we will work to operationalise this plan.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for the work he did on this very issue.
The Supreme Court’s judgment has put paid to the lazy, ill-informed argument that it is the European convention on human rights, and only the European convention on human rights, that is blocking this Government on asylum and immigration.
This Government have spent two years formulating a policy that has proven incompatible with a multitude of international treaties to which the UK is signed up and with numerous provisions of our domestic law.
The Supreme Court was very clear about that.