What is it about the judgment of David Cameron and his relationship with Lex Greensill, or his lobbying for Chinese state interests, that made the Prime Minister consider him a suitable candidate to be Foreign Secretary?
I am delighted that the former Prime Minister has rejoined the Government as Foreign Secretary.
He brings unrivalled experience and relationships across the world, and will do a fantastic job championing British interests everywhere he goes.
Tackling illegal immigration is a crucial issue for my constituents, many of whom will be extremely disappointed by this morning’s judgment from the Supreme Court.
Is the Prime Minister able to update the House on what that decision means for the Government’s plan to tackle illegal immigration?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
I know he has championed this issue, and that it matters to his constituents.
As I said, the judgment confirms that the principle of removing asylum seekers to a safe third country is lawful.
The Government have already been working in advance on a new treaty with Rwanda, which we will finalise in the light of today’s judgment to address the challenges that were raised.
I say again that if it becomes clear that our domestic legal frameworks or international conventions are still frustrating plans at that point, I am prepared to change our laws and revisit those international relationships.
The British people expect us to do whatever it takes to stop the boats, and that is precisely what this Government will deliver.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
The Prime Minister obviously thinks so little of his own MPs that he has had to peel David Cameron away from his seven-year exile in a shepherd’s hut and make him Foreign Secretary.
A few months ago, the Intelligence and Security Committee said that the now Foreign Secretary’s role in a Chinese investment fund may have been—these are its words—
“engineered by the Chinese state”.
I hardly need to remind the Prime Minister of the threat posed by the Chinese Communist party or the intimidation of Members of this House.
When will he instruct the Foreign Secretary to give full public disclosure of his work for Chinese interests?
As I said, I am delighted that the former Prime Minister has rejoined the Government as Foreign Secretary.
As an individual with unrivalled experience, he will help Britain to navigate an uncertain world in challenging times.
Of course, like every other Minister, he will go through the normal process with the independent adviser.
The Government’s position on China is clear: China represents an epoch-defining challenge.
That is why we have taken strong and robust steps to protect ourselves against the risk that it poses.
We will take no lessons from the Labour party on protecting our national security.
It has taken almost £700,000 from an alleged Chinese agent. [
Interruption.]
Order.
Those on the Front Bench just need to calm down.
For someone who has spent the last few weeks complaining about recycling bins, it is ironic that the Prime Minister’s latest reset involves recycling the architects of 13 years of Tory failure.
This is the Prime Minister who reanimated the career of  the right hon.
and learned Member for Fareham (Suella Braverman)  in order to resuscitate his own, just days after she was sacked for a national security breach.
Is he ashamed that he was so desperate to become Tory leader and so scared to face a vote that he put someone so totally unfit for office in charge of Britain’s national security?
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman mentions 13 years, but we should remember what happened at the beginning of those 13 years.
It is this party that restored the country’s financial security  after the Labour party left no money behind.
It is a bit rich to take lectures on security from a man who wanted to make  the right hon.
Member for Islington North (Jeremy Corbyn)  Prime Minister of our country.