Some 20,000 people have been returned this year.
The number of crossings is down by a third.
He mentioned hotels.
We are closing 50 of them, with money being saved for taxpayers.
All those measures, by the way, were opposed by the Opposition.
What is his plan?
Ah, yes, there we have it: a cosy deal with the European Union that would see the UK accept 100,000 illegal migrants.
He does not want to stop the boats; he wants to welcome more of them.
It is very straightforward: the Prime Minister promised that he would stop the boats this year.
Today is  15 November .
He has wasted all his time on a gimmick, and now he is absolutely nowhere.
Will he level with the British public and finally admit that he has failed to deliver on his promise?
This Government have done more to tackle illegal migration than any in the past.
Let us review: the right hon.
and learned Gentleman has been on the wrong side of this issue his entire career.
This is a man who described all immigration law as racist.
He said it was a mistake to control immigration, and he has never once in this place voted for stricter asylum rules.
It is clear that while he might want to listen to the open-border activists, I am siding with the British people.
If the Prime Minister was confident about his promise, he would have given an answer saying that he stands by it and will deliver it by the end of the year.
The absence of that answer is absolutely amazing in the circumstances.
He has had three reshuffles, a forgotten conference speech, an empty King’s Speech—he even found time to fanboy Elon Musk—but not one of them has made the slightest difference to the lives of working people.
If we had a pound for every time he had a reset, the cost of living crisis would have been over long ago.
The Prime Minister likes to think of himself as the man from silicon valley, the tech-savvy Californian, the country’s first AI PM, and yet his big idea is to keep turning his Government on and off at the wall and hope that we see signs of life.
Is he starting to feel that, as somebody once said, he was the future once?
I slightly missed the end of that.
I was glad to hear the right hon.
and learned Gentleman finally bring up the cost of living—on that, he is right, as it is the No.
1 challenge facing families up and down the country—and he talked about delivering on promises, but he failed to recognise that today was the day we delivered on the most important pledge I made: to halve inflation.
We are delivering on that commitment and easing the burden for families up and down the country.
Everything we would see from the Labour party would jeopardise that progress—borrowing £28 billion a year, undermining our energy security and giving in to his union backers with inflation-busting pay rises.
That is not a sensible plan; it would push up mortgage rates, push up inflation and harm working families.
All the while, we are going to continue delivering for the country.
What assessment he has made of recent trends in economic growth in the west midlands.
I am sure that my hon.
Friend will be delighted that the west midlands now tops regional rankings for foreign direct investment.
The Government are investing significantly in the region, including through hundreds of millions of pounds of levelling-up fund and towns fund investments, and introducing a new pilot scheme to help businesses in the region become more energy efficient.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for that encouraging answer.
On behalf of my constituents in Lichfield, may I thank him for having the guts to stop HS2?