The Home Secretary and the Government are right to prioritise ending illegal migration.
By my count, he spoke six times in his statement about having “a plan”; the only word he left out was “cunning”, because his plans seem to be as workable, effective and chaotic as Baldrick’s in “Blackadder”.
That is no laughing matter, because while the plans are not working, there is still pressure on our infrastructure, there are still criminal gangs profiting  from people’s misery, and people who use legal routes are being disadvantaged.
Will the Home Secretary give us the commitment that, if the European Court of Human Rights continues to be a barrier to the will of this House, the Government will take action and ignore the demands of that court?
The right hon.
Gentleman knows that I have a huge amount of respect for him.
One point that I took from the judgment today is that it is not just about the ECHR.
Their lordships set out a number of international commitments that we have made, but they also set out what we need to do to get the Rwanda plan up and running.
That is on a very specific legal point, which we are already in the process of addressing.
I respectfully disagree with the right hon.
Gentleman, because small boat arrivals are down, unlike almost everywhere else in Europe, where they are significantly up.
The use of hotel bed spaces is down because of the arrangements that we have put in place.
The speed of processing has increased, and the volume of processing of asylum claims has significantly increased.
There are always multiple strands to this plan, as set out in the 10 points that my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister put forward, and they are having the desired effect.
We will just keep working to deliver on our commitments.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that one of the glories of our parliamentary democracy is that Governments have to obey the law in the same way that individual citizens and corporations do?
Does he also agree that those who look carefully at the judgment and think that there is a simple solution, with one lever to pull, will be disappointed?