If the right hon.
Gentleman wants to know my views on things, he can ask me for my views on things, rather than asking me to comment on other people’s views.
I welcome the new Home Secretary to his place and share his disappointment at this morning’s judgment.
As we have heard, the Supreme Court focused on the principle of non-refoulement.
Hopefully that can be addressed in a new treaty.
Perhaps it will be made more robust if we can work jointly with other European partners who have expressed an interest in a Rwanda-type scheme.
Why, however, was this not considered in the original Rwanda treaty, and which Law Officer was responsible for giving legal advice to the Home Office about how it might stand up to challenge in the courts?
My hon.
Friend knows that Government legal advice is for informing the decision-making of Ministers.
It is not appropriate to discuss Government legal advice at the Dispatch Box, and we will not do so—he knows that.
We always prepare for a range of  eventualities, as I said in my statement.
We recognised that this was one of the decisions that might come from the Court.
We listened carefully to the statements made by the judges in the lower courts, and we have already started to take action in response to the concerns that they have raised.
I, too, welcome the new Home Secretary to the Dispatch Box.
He has a difficult job, but it is in everyone’s interests that it be done well.
I also welcome the part of his statement in which he said, “We are not going to put forward proposals simply to manufacture an unnecessary row for short-term political gain.”
That much at least will be a refreshing change, but he should be aware that his hon.
Friend  the Member for Ashfield (Lee Anderson) , the deputy chairman of the Conservative party, is reported as having told ITV that the Prime Minister should “ignore the laws” following the Supreme Court’s decision.
Will the Home Secretary dissociate himself from those comments?
This country prides itself on being a law-abiding country, so to hear the Government’s position on things, listen to the statements of Government Ministers.
I have made it clear that we respect the judgment.
We listened carefully to the comments made by their lordships and the lower courts.
As I said, we are already responding to the comments that they made to ensure that the actions we take, when the Rwanda scheme is operationalised, are in strict accordance with international law.
Will the Home Secretary explain to those of us who are not experts in this area why it is that people who arrive illegally on our shores from a safe nearby country cannot immediately be returned to that safe nearby country?
Clearly it would be in breach of certain laws, so can he set out, perhaps in a statement, what those laws might be?
Receiving countries have to consent.
That is the nub of the issue.
That is why it is so important that Ministers in the Department, particularly the Immigration Minister, have spent so much time working with those countries from which we have traditionally received illegal migration, including France and others—most notably, in terms of the statistics, Albania, with which we have developed an excellent working relationship.
I will claim a bit of credit here, because my right hon.
Friend the Immigration Minister and I formed something of a tag team with the Government in Tirana, and we are seeing the success that comes from pragmatic but determined relationships with European partners and others.
I pay tribute to the Immigration Minister for that work.
I also warmly welcome the Home Secretary to his post, not least because I know people in the Foreign Office who were rather sad to see him go.