It is this party that restored the country’s financial security  after the Labour party left no money behind.
It is a bit rich to take lectures on security from a man who wanted to make  the right hon.
Member for Islington North (Jeremy Corbyn)  Prime Minister of our country.
The right hon.
Member for Islington North is not even a Labour MP any more.
It is a changed party with strong leadership. [
Interruption.]
Order.
We have a lot of very important business today with some important votes.
I want to get through this speedily.
For 13 years, our security has been undermined by this Tory Government, and now we have the most ridiculous, pathetic spectacle of all: the Prime Minister’s Rwanda scheme, cooked up with his national security threat former Home Secretary, has blown up.
He was told over and over again that this would happen, that it would not work and that it was just the latest Tory gimmick, but he bet everything on it and now he is totally exposed.
The central pillar of his Government has crumbled beneath him.
Does he want to apologise to the country for wasting £140 million of taxpayers’ cash and wasting his entire time in office?
Obviously the right hon.
and learned Gentleman did not hear what I said about our approach to Rwanda.
When it comes to stopping the boats, Rwanda is one part of our plan, which has already delivered a reduction in the number of small boats this year by a third.
He talks about apologising and he talks about the right hon.
Member for Islington North not being a Labour MP now.
Yes, he was not a Labour MP when he declined 15 different times to say that Hamas are a terrorist organisation this week, which is shameful, but he was a Labour MP—indeed, the right hon.
and learned Gentleman served with him.
He told the country that the right hon.
Member for Islington North would make “a great Prime Minister”.
At that point, the right hon.
Member for Islington North described Hamas as friends.
Does he want to apologise for that now? [
Interruption.]
Order.
Are we serious? [
Hon.
Members: “Yes.”]
Oh, I would not challenge.
I have to say that our constituents are watching this.
They are very concerned about the affairs of today and the votes later.
A lot of Members wish to speak.
Those who do not want that to happen, please, go outside and have a conversation there.
If you want to bawl and shout, do it elsewhere, but it will not be happening in here today.
I am so glad that the Prime Minister agrees that this is a changed Labour party.
While he was wasting his time on this gimmick, the asylum backlog has swollen to 175,000 people.
Taxpayers are paying £8 million a day on hotel bills, and 615 people arrived by small boat last Sunday alone.
Plan A has failed.
After this session, whether he likes it or not, he will have to go back to his office, back to the drawing board and start from scratch.
Can he assure the British public that he will drop what his former Home Secretary calls his “magical thinking” and start treating small boat crossings with the seriousness they deserve?
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman talks about a changed Labour party—perhaps we will see that this evening.
He cannot even make his  party do the right thing when it comes to standing by Israel in the vote later today.
He talks about taking small boat crossings seriously.
He has opposed every single measure that we have taken.
Let me update him on what we have done this year.
The number of illegal Albanian arrivals is down by 90%.
Some 20,000 people have been returned this year.
The number of crossings is down by a third.
He mentioned hotels.