My right hon.
Friend will know that the planned retirement of the public switched telephone network in 2025 will bring very significant concerns across rural communities, particularly in Essex—he will be familiar with that.
Can he provide some assurance about the work that is under way between the Government and telecommunications providers to help improve services in Essex, particularly where we have poor broadband connectivity?
As I suggested earlier, the retirement of the PSTN land network is a decision for the industry, but the Government have a key role to play in ensuring vulnerable consumers are protected through the transition.
I have regular meetings with communications providers and Ofcom to discuss progress on that.
With regard to Essex, I share my right hon.
Friend’s concern—my constituency is the neighbouring constituency to hers—about the need to ensure that vulnerable constituents are protected.
I can assure her that I will continue—
Order.
We have only about seven minutes, so the Minister really has to be a bit more cautious in how much time he is using.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Prime Minister has said that terrorist groups could use artificial intelligence to build chemical or biological weapons, but he has still failed to act decisively to regulate AI, even though the US and the EU are both taking action.
Will the Minister tell the House whether the Secretary of State is using her current trip to the US to learn from the Biden Administration, or will our country have to put up with yet more dither and delay?
The Government have always been clear that we will have a contextual and proportionate response to AI.
I spoke to the Secretary of State yesterday, and it is very clear that the US sees us as global leaders and will be working with us.
Teesside was built on steel and now, thanks to Ben Houchen, British Steel is bringing steelmaking back to Teesside.
Green steel will be forged thanks to a new £1.25 billion arc furnace, leading the way in decarbonising our industries and bringing highly skilled jobs.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that any business looking to invest in green tech and energy in the UK should look to Teesside first?
Teesside is a wonderful net zero powerhouse, and I commend the green steel project.
That is one reason why Teesside was chosen to pilot the Innovate UK programme of launchpads, each of which will receive up to £7.5 million.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
I welcome the new Front-Bench team to their positions.
Since November 2020, £1.1 billion of taxpayers’ money has been invested in the Rosalind Franklin Institute as a mega-lab to defend Britain against future pandemics.
Can one of the new team explain why the mega-lab has been put up for sale?
The Government are investing record amounts in innovation and research in technology, including across the life sciences sector.
I will happily meet the hon.
Lady to discuss this matter in more detail.
What impact does the Minister think the passage of the Online Safety Act 2023 into law will have on children and families in Warrington South and across the country?
As a father, this issue concerns me greatly.
The Online Safety Act is the most powerful child protection law in a generation.
All in-scope companies will need to take robust steps to protect children from illegal content and activity on their services.
Those safety measures will need to protect children from harmful and age-inappropriate content and activity, such as bullying and content that promotes eating disorders and self-harm.
Will the Minister help to co-ordinate a comprehensive analysis of the most successful enterprise zones across the UK and the ways in which zones that have not been as successful can maximise the opportunities such zones provide, such as in Coleraine in my constituency?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to flag up the value that successful enterprise zones can bring to local communities.