Will the Minister help to co-ordinate a comprehensive analysis of the most successful enterprise zones across the UK and the ways in which zones that have not been as successful can maximise the opportunities such zones provide, such as in Coleraine in my constituency?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to flag up the value that successful enterprise zones can bring to local communities.
I want to see DSIT sectors benefiting as well, and I am happy to co-ordinate further with colleagues in other Departments to explore those opportunities.
Given the revolution in AI, what steps is my hon.
Friend taking to ensure that young people in Carshalton and Wallington have access to the skills they need for the future?
The Government are committed to ensuring that the UK has talent that supports research and innovation and drives growth.
That is why we are investing millions in the brightest researchers through scholarships, PhD placements and fellowships in technologies such as artificial intelligence and quantum.
What are Ministers doing to ensure that Members of this House are not included in disinformation reports compiled by the counter-disinformation unit in their Department simply for being critical of the Government?
Their own Back Benchers are particularly interested to know.
I can tell the right hon.
Gentleman that the counter-disinformation unit is there to flag up to platforms potentially misleading information, but it has no power to have it removed.
I can give him an assurance that it does not identify any Members of this House or professional journalists.
Research and development tax credits have been remarkably successful in promoting investment by small and medium-sized enterprises.
However, the Suffolk chamber of commerce has highlighted that the system has ground to a halt due to the sledgehammer approach of His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs to tackling fraud.
Will my hon.
Friend liaise with HMRC and the Treasury to ensure that a more pragmatic approach is adopted?
My hon.
Friend is a champion of his constituency, and I am happy to speak to the Financial Secretary to the Treasury on that important matter on his behalf.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 15 November.
At the start of the year, I made halving inflation my No.1 priority.
Today, we have delivered on that commitment.
There remains more to do, but this is a strong step forward.
Also this morning, the Supreme Court gave a judgment on the Rwanda plan.
It confirmed that the principle of removing asylum seekers to a safe third country is lawful.
There are further elements that it wants additional certainty on, and it noted that changes can be delivered in the future to address those issues.
The Government have been working already on a new treaty with Rwanda, and we will finalise that in the light of today’s judgment.
Furthermore, if necessary I am prepared to revisit our domestic legal frameworks.
Let me assure the House that my commitment to stopping the boats is unwavering and my right hon.
Friend the Home Secretary will be making an oral statement shortly to the House.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in the House, and I shall have further such meetings later today.
When the Prime Minister took office, he promised to lead a Government marked by
“integrity, professionalism and accountability at every level.”
What is it about the judgment of David Cameron and his relationship with Lex Greensill, or his lobbying for Chinese state interests, that made the Prime Minister consider him a suitable candidate to be Foreign Secretary?
I am delighted that the former Prime Minister has rejoined the Government as Foreign Secretary.
He brings unrivalled experience and relationships across the world, and will do a fantastic job championing British interests everywhere he goes.