I can now announce the arrangements for the election of the Chair of the Northern Ireland Affairs Committee.
I declared the Chair vacant yesterday.
Nominations will close at noon on  Tuesday 28 November .
Nomination forms will be available from the Vote Office, Table Office and Public Bill Office.
Only Members from the Conservative party—[Interruption.]
Are Members going to listen?
Some people might want to put their names in. [
Interruption.]
Only Members from the Conservative party may be candidates in this election.
If there is more than one candidate, the ballot will take place on  Wednesday 29 November  between 11 am and 2.30 pm in the Aye Lobby.
A briefing note with more information will be available from the Vote Office.
I also remind Members that the private Members’ Bills ballot book is open today in the No Lobby until 6 pm, at which point it will be taken to the Public Bill Office and remain open for signatures until the rise of the House.
The ballot draw will be held at 9 am tomorrow in Committee Room 15.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to tackle online fraud.
Tackling fraud is a priority for this Government.
The Online Safety Act 2023 requires regulated companies to mitigate the risk posed by fraud and scams on their services.
In addition, Ofcom will publish codes of practice recommending steps for companies to take.
What will companies actually have to do under the terms of the Act?
All companies in scope of the Act will need to take action to tackle fraud where it is facilitated through user-generated content or via search results.
They must take measures to prevent fraudulent content from appearing on their platforms, and swiftly remove it if it does so.
Additionally, there will be a duty on the  largest social media platforms and search engines that will require them to tackle fraudulent adverts on their services.
I welcome new Members to the Front Bench.
I thank the Minister for that response.
I have heard from numerous constituents who have been victims of online scams where perpetrators ask for bank details over the phone.
What steps can the Minister take to make people, especially elderly people—they are the ones who come to me—more aware of what to look out for in terms of online scams, to ensure that the money that they have earned over their lifetime is not stolen?
As I said, there will be a duty on the largest social media platforms that will require them to tackle fraudulent adverts.
That will have a significant impact in preventing a range of online frauds, including romance scams and scam ads.
I will also talk to the Economic Secretary to the Treasury on the hon.
Member’s behalf, because the Government have a fraud strategy.
What recent discussions she has had with (a) Ofcom and (b) telecommunications providers on the planned replacement of the copper wire network.
We have regular meetings with Ofcom and telecommunications providers to discuss the migration from analogue to digital, and in due course the retirement of the copper network.
Ofcom has set out high-level conditions for the gradual deregulation of BT Group’s copper-based network in the future, but it is too early to determine the process that will trigger the complete deregulation.
Ofcom will consider that in the next regulatory review period.
Last year, some of my constituents in Shetland were without electricity for six days.
Moving to voice over internet, they will have a resilience of one hour.
What assurance can the Minister give me that my constituents will not be left cut off without communications after the copper network is withdrawn?
The decision to migrate from the public switched telephone network to voice over internet is one for the industry, but nevertheless we are following this very carefully.
Ofcom has regular discussions, and I, too, have been meeting Ofcom.
The right hon.