That is because we have doubled National Crime Agency funding, increased enforcement rates, closed bank accounts, deported 24,000 people  and processed more claims.[Official Report,  14 May 2024 ; Vol.
750, c. 4WC.] (
Correction) When it comes to border control, there is a crucial difference between us: the Conservatives want secure borders; the right hon.
and learned Gentleman is happy with open borders.
The whole country knows that removing less than 1% of asylum seekers is not stopping the boats; it is granting an amnesty—a Tory amnesty.
If the Prime Minister thinks the voters are wrong, that his own MPs who have joined the Labour party are wrong, and that anyone believes any of the nonsense that he spouts, why does he not put it to the test and call a general election?
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman talks about removing people—this is a person who campaigned to stop the deportation of foreign national offenders.
That shows how out of touch his values are with the British people.
It is yet another week where we have heard nothing about the right hon.
and learned Gentleman’s plan to do anything on the issues that matter to the country.
Meanwhile, the Government are getting on with reforming welfare and getting people into work—he opposes it.
We are controlling legal and illegal migration—he opposes it.
And, as we heard, we are boosting defence spending to strengthen our country—he opposes it.
That is the difference: he snipes from the sidelines; the Conservatives are building a brighter future.
When it comes to small boat crossings, there is a lot of talk of human rights, but surely the only human right and life that matters is the life of children who are being taken across the channel.
In that respect, will the Government now do the only thing that will actually be a real deterrent and arrest and detain all those who land illegally on our shores and then offshore them promptly so that, once and for all, we can save lives and end this cruel and callous trade?
My right hon.
Friend is right that these crossings are incredibly dangerous and risk people’s lives.
Just weeks ago, a seven-year-old girl died attempting a crossing.
That is why, as a matter of basic compassion, we must do everything we can to break the cycle of the criminal gangs.
That is why we need a deterrent.
That is what the National Crime Agency says, and that is how we dealt with illegal migrants from Albania.
It is only by removing people who should not be here that we remove the reason for them to come in the first place.
That is how we will control our borders.
It is clear that it is only the Conservative party that has a plan not only to stop the boats but to stop the tragic loss of life in the channel, too.
I call the Scottish National party leader.
May I begin by also congratulating the fantastic John Swinney on becoming Scotland’s First Minister?
Our opponents should be very careful what they wish for.
As we await the imminent Israeli incursion into Rafah, where 1.2 million people are sheltering, including 600,000 children, it has been reported that the United States has paused an arms shipment to Israel.
The UK will now follow suit, will it not?
The right hon.
Gentleman may not realise that the UK Government do not directly provide or ship arms to Israel.
When it comes to the situation in Rafah, I have been very clear that we are deeply concerned about a full military incursion, given the devastating humanitarian impact; I have made that point specifically to Prime Minister Netanyahu whenever we have spoken.
I will continue to urge all sides to focus on the negotiations at hand, to bring about a pause in the conflict, to release hostages and get more aid in.