Does the Secretary of State agree that her intervention represents an important endorsement of the Welsh Labour Government’s policy to protect lives, especially children’s lives?
I, too, acknowledge the 25th anniversary of devolution.
We were promised that it would deliver better schools, hospitals and public standards.
What we actually have are the longest waiting lists and the worst educational standards in the United Kingdom, and a First Minister who is willing to take a £200,000 donation from a twice-convicted criminal.
That is the record of 25 years of Labour-run Government in Wales.
I said straightaway that I am in favour of 20 mph limits outside schools, hospitals and other places where there are vulnerable pedestrians.
I do not like the blanket ban that has been imposed as part of the anti-motorist agenda of the Welsh Labour Government.
It is rich of Government Members to chunter about donations.
How much of Mr Frank Hester’s millions is bankrolling the Conservatives’ general election campaign?
This is a man who said that a black woman MP in this House “should be shot”.
On roads, does the Secretary of State agree with his own association deputy chairman, writing in ConservativeHome this week, that politics in Wales is a “cul-de-sac” for the Tory party?
The Welsh public do not like divisive politics, and they do not like Wales being constantly talked down by the Tories.
Is that why they have not won a domestic election in Wales for over a century?
I remind the hon.
Lady that we just got more votes than the Labour party in my constituency of Monmouth in the police and crime commissioner elections.
What people in Wales want is public services, waiting lists and education standards that match what is being delivered by this Conservative Government in England, and standards in public life that reflect what we expect from Members of Parliament in the United Kingdom.
That is not what we are getting under the Welsh Labour Government.
What discussions he has had with the Welsh Government on the biodiversity of Welsh rivers and streams.
Water is a devolved matter in Wales, and therefore rivers and streams in Wales are the responsibility of the Welsh Government.
The UK Government recognise that rivers are an essential part of our natural environment.
That is why we are working on the UK national biodiversity strategy and action plan.
Will the Minister fess up to the fact that the real scandal in Wales is that the UK Government keep denigrating a good Welsh Government that in terms of biodiversity and so much else are better than the rest of the UK?
On biodiversity, they are three times better than England.
Is it not about time that we got a few Welsh ideas and Welsh leaders to help us clean up our act and our rivers?
That was a good attempt, but I simply cannot disagree with the hon.
Gentleman more.
It is this Government who forced water companies to provide £56 million towards investment in the storm overflow network, improving water quality across England.
In Wales, the picture could not be more different.
The average number of sewage spills per outflow is 38; in England, it is 23.
Our record speaks for itself.
I call the Chair of the Welsh Affairs Committee.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for clarifying the sub judice rules in relation to Parc Prison.
MPs across south Wales were disappointed that the urgent question was declined yesterday, but we understand why.
We will continue to seek answers and to scrutinise Ministers over these deeply distressing events, and the way the prison is being run.
Thousands of Pembrokeshire residents continue to have their lives blighted by air pollution and fears about water pollution from the Withyhedge landfill site.