My hon.
Friend is a fantastic champion for her local area, and can I also thank her daughter for her service in the armed forces?
My hon.
Friend is right: I am not surprised that Labour Members do not back our plans to stop the boats and I am not surprised they do not back our plans to get people into work and reform welfare, but I do think that they should do the right thing when it comes to the security of our nation, and that is to back our plans to increase defence spending and give our brave armed forces personnel the resources they need to keep us safe.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
May I warmly welcome my hon.
Friend,  the new Member for Blackpool South (Chris Webb) ?
After the representation that fine town has had recently, it is good to know that it has a proper champion back at last.
May I also warmly welcome the new Labour MP, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Dover (Mrs Elphicke) , to these Benches?
If one week a Tory MP who is also a doctor says that the Prime Minister cannot be trusted with the NHS and joins Labour, and the next week the Tory MP for Dover—on the frontline of the small boats crisis—says that the Prime Minister “cannot be trusted” with our borders and joins Labour, what is the point of this failed Government staggering on?
Can I join the right hon.
and learned Gentleman in welcoming his newest MP for Blackpool?
He looks a lot happier than the Member sitting in that spot last week.
Let me also join the right hon.
and learned Gentleman in congratulating all new and paying tribute to all former councillors, police and crime commissioners and Mayors across the country.
I hope that his new ones do him as proud as I am proud of all of mine, including such great leaders as Andy Street.
They leave behind a strong legacy of more homes, more jobs and more investment, in sharp contrast to the legacy left by the last Labour Government, which was a letter joking that there was no money left.
In addition to losing two Tory MPs in two weeks, the Prime Minister has been on the receiving end of some of the biggest by-election swings in history.
He has also lost 1,500 Tory councillors, half of his party’s Mayors and a leadership election to a lettuce.
How many more times do the public and his own MPs need to reject him before he takes the hint?
This time last year, I reminded the right hon.
and learned Gentleman of some advice from his own mentor, Tony Blair, who said at the time that he
“can be as cocky as he likes about the local elections; come a general election, policy counts.
”—[Official Report,  9 May 2007 ; Vol.
460, c. 152.]
One year on from that advice, what has he managed?
He has £28 billion of tax rises, 70 new business regulations, 30 U-turns and a deputy leader under a police investigation.
I am surprised that the Prime Minister brought up a police investigation; his record is played one, lost—well, actually it is two, there was the seatbelt as well.
His record is played two, lost two in relation to police investigations.
The voters keep telling him that it is not good enough.
Instead of listening, he keeps telling them that everything is fine, if only they would realise his greatness.
He just does not get it, but at least after Thursday night he can go to the many places he calls home and enjoy the fruits of his success.
In Southampton or Downing Street, he has great Labour councils.
At his mansion in Richmond, he can enjoy a brand-new Labour Mayor of North Yorkshire.
At his pad in Kensington, he can celebrate a historic third term for the Mayor of London.