Given widely shared concerns about the involvement of hostile states such as China in the UK’s critical national energy infrastructure, does the Prime Minister not agree that now is the time for this project to be paused and reviewed by the Government on national security grounds?
If not, what message does he think that sends?
As I have said repeatedly, China is a country with different values from ours, and is acting in a way that is increasingly authoritarian at home and assertive abroad.
It is right that we take firm steps to protect ourselves against that, particularly in the area of economic security.
This Government passed the National Security and Investment Act 2021 precisely so that we can screen transactions—without commenting on individual ones, of course—to protect this country.
We have used those powers, not least to block Chinese investment in a sensitive semiconductor company, but also to ensure that the Chinese state nuclear company had no part in the future of our nuclear plan.
The hon.
Gentleman can rest assured that we are alive to the challenges, and have passed laws that give us the powers to protect against them.
Five-year-old Benedict Blythe was a lovely little boy who attended a primary school in my constituency.
Sadly, he died of anaphylaxis, a severe allergic reaction.
The coroner’s inquest has not yet reported, but on average, two children in every class have a food allergy, and more allergic reactions take place in school than in other setting outside the home.
Severe allergic reactions are on the rise and can be fatal, yet there is no explicit legal requirement for schools to have allergy medication and an allergy policy, or for other recommended safeguards to be made available; there is only guidance.
Will the Prime Minister meet me and Benedict’s parents, Helen and Pete, so that we can discuss a way forward to ensure that children who suffer from allergies can be safer in school, including by ensuring that schools have an allergy policy, adrenalin pens, and staff who know how to use them?
First, may I extend my sympathy to Benedict’s family?
It is always tragic to hear about the loss of a child.
We fully understand the seriousness  of severe allergies, and believe that children with medical conditions should be properly supported to enjoy a full education and be safe at school.
There is a legal duty on the governing body of schools to make arrangements for supporting pupils, including setting out what needs to be done, symptoms and treatment, but I will ensure that my right hon.
Friend gets a meeting with the Health Secretary to discuss how we could further support pupils with serious allergies.
Yesterday, the Chancellor confirmed that it is Government policy to abolish national insurance, at a £46 billion annual cost, with no indication of where the money will come from.
Can the Prime Minister rule out further freezes in tax allowances or an 8p increase in income tax to pay for it?
That is total nonsense, and of course I rule that out.
There is no unfunded policy.
What we have said is that we have a long-term ambition to keep cutting national insurance to end the unfairness of the double taxation on work.
We will make progress towards that goal in the next Parliament, just as we already have in this one by cutting national insurance by a third in six months, delivering a £900 tax cut, at the same time as increasing investment in the NHS and increasing the state pension.
It is increasingly clear what this reveals: the Labour party opposes tax cuts for working people.
Empowering local pharmacies is a key part of this Government’s plan to cut waiting lists.
In Guildford, we have recently lost two neighbouring pharmacies, but there is good news.