Our dentistry recovery plan will make dental services faster, simpler and fairer for patients, funding about 2.5 million more appointments.
I was pleased to note that access is improving in my hon.
Friend’s area, with nearly 10% more children seeing a dentist in June last year than in the previous year, but we are going further: the new patient premium that was announced last year is ensuring that more NHS dentistry will be provided, and since then, at the end of January, 500 more practices have said that they are now open to new patients.
It is more than a month since the parliamentary ombudsman delivered the long-awaited report on pension injustices, but women born in the 1950s in my constituency, and indeed in every constituency across these islands, are still waiting to hear whether the UK Government will listen to its recommendations and deliver compensation.
I was proud to see the Scottish Parliament support a motion last week calling for compensation to be delivered without delay, but utterly dismayed to see members of both the Conservative party and the Labour party abstain.
Can the Prime Minister finally tell us when the Women Against State Pension Inequality Campaign—the WASPI women—will receive the compensation that they rightly deserve?
I understand the strong feelings across the Chamber about this topic, and the desire for urgency in addressing them.
However, following the ombudsman’s five-year investigation, it is imperative that we take the time to conduct a thorough review of the comprehensive findings that have been published.
An update will be given to the House once those findings have been fully considered.
More broadly, we are committed to ensuring that pensioners have the dignity and security in retirement that they deserve.
Most recently, we increased the state pension by £900 a year, thanks to the triple lock.
Is the Prime Minister as appalled as I am by reports of militant civil servant and trade union political activists seeking to find ways not to implement the Rwanda deportations?
Does he agree that if they are not prepared to implement the will of the Government and an Act of Parliament that was passed by both Houses, they should conclude that being in the civil service is perhaps not for them?
Maybe they can look for alternative employment at other left-wing organisations that masquerade as  being impartial.
Maybe they could try the BBC or “Channel 4 News”.
My expectation is that civil servants will continue to be committed to supporting our priority of stopping the boats, and will deliver, in accordance with the civil service code.
My hon.
Friend will know that we made specific changes to ensure compliance with that code as we push through with our plans.
More broadly, I agree with him that we are the only party that has a plan to stop the boats.
We will face down all the obstacles in our way to deliver on this crucial priority for the British people, whoever stands in our way—whether it is the Labour party or others.
We will deliver for this country on this vital issue.
China has now hacked the data of defence personnel, the Electoral Commission and various other public institutions, and has targeted many Members of this House, yet plans by China’s largest wind turbine manufacturer, Ming Yang Smart Energy, to build its largest European facility right here in the UK advance at pace.
The facility is set to be built in Scotland.
Given widely shared concerns about the involvement of hostile states such as China in the UK’s critical national energy infrastructure, does the Prime Minister not agree that now is the time for this project to be paused and reviewed by the Government on national security grounds?
If not, what message does he think that sends?
As I have said repeatedly, China is a country with different values from ours, and is acting in a way that is increasingly authoritarian at home and assertive abroad.