Public safety will always be our No.
1 priority, and all those released will still be subject to probation supervision and stringent licence conditions.
Here we go again.
Never in this country have a Government been forced to release prisoners more than two months early.
This is the price that the public are paying for a justice system in crisis and a Government in freefall.
The early release scheme has now undergone three major extensions in just six months: it was quietly started in October, when the Government began releasing prisoners up to 18 days early; in March it was slipped out that it had been expanded from 18 to 60 days; and now it has emerged through a media leak that it has been extended once again, this time to 70 days.
Worst of all, the Government are doing all of this in secret.
They have not responded to any freedom of information requests, parliamentary questions or even the Justice Committee with any useful details about this scheme.
The Government are releasing prisoners but not the facts.
The strategy is clear for all to see: say nothing, try to get away with it and get to the other side of the general election.
It is shameless and, frankly, a disgrace.
The public and this House rightly expect the Minister to be transparent and honest, so let us see whether he will answer these basic and simple questions.
Why the increase of early release to 70 days?
How many offenders have been released in the six months since the scheme became operational?
How will they ensure that the probation service has the time and resources to adequately assess risk and protect the public?
And will he give a guarantee to the House today that this secretive scheme will not be extended again?
I am grateful to the shadow Secretary of State for her question and would gently say a number of things to her.
First, she suggests we were sneaking this out in October and March; that included statements to this House and was entirely transparent.
On the hon.
Lady’s party’s record, it operated an early release scheme for three years between 2007 and 2010, which leaves her on rather shaky ground.
She talked about a media leak.
This was an operational decision with operational guidance sent out to His Majesty’s Prison and Probation Service and prison governors as well as other stakeholders, including, if I recall correctly, the probation union, for a minor change that was already reflected in the points made by my right hon.
and learned Friend the Secretary of State for Justice in March to this House.
The hon.
Lady talked about data.
The Secretary of State has been consistently clear that we will publish the data on an annualised basis, in exactly the same way as we do, for example, for deaths in custody and supplementary breakdowns of the prison population.
We have been clear that we will always ensure that the prisons system has the spaces for the courts to be able to send people to prison.
We are making an appropriate operational decision to ensure that continues to be the case.
The hon.
Lady also rightly asked about probation, and I suspect that in our exchanges the one thing on which we might find ourselves in agreement is paying tribute to those who work in our probation service.
As she will know, since 2021 we have increased the budget for the service by £155 million, with 4,000 additional probation officers in training.
We have worked with the leadership of our probation service on this scheme and the probation union was one of the bodies we notified on the changes to the operational guidance.
I call the Chair of the Justice Committee.
This is a perfectly rational, sensible and pragmatic response to the pressures in our prisons, and the Minister should take credit for it.