Gentleman may not realise that the UK Government do not directly provide or ship arms to Israel.
When it comes to the situation in Rafah, I have been very clear that we are deeply concerned about a full military incursion, given the devastating humanitarian impact; I have made that point specifically to Prime Minister Netanyahu whenever we have spoken.
I will continue to urge all sides to focus on the negotiations at hand, to bring about a pause in the conflict, to release hostages and get more aid in.
Let us be clear: the confidence that Israel has shown in its military ambitions in Rafah stems from the silence of its allies on the Front Benches in this place and elsewhere across the world.
We all know that UK arms and tech are supporting Israel’s activities in Gaza, and will be used in any attack on Rafah.
Knowing that, and the devastation that will occur, surely the time has come to end our complicity and halt arms sales to Israel.
Of course we take our defence export responsibilities extremely seriously.
That is why we operate one of the most robust licensing control regimes anywhere in the world.
We periodically review advice on Israel’s commitment to international humanitarian law, and Ministers always act in accordance with that advice.
That is crystal clear for the House to understand.
Following the most recent assessment, our position on export licences is unchanged.
I know that the right hon.
Gentleman will join me in urging all parties to engage in the negotiations, so that we can see a pause in fighting to get more aid in, hostages out and bring about a sustainable ceasefire in this conflict.
My constituents in rural villages and on the fringes of the Grimsby-Cleethorpes urban area are very concerned about overdevelopment.
They recognise that highway infra- structure and public services are already overloaded.
Could my right hon.
Friend consider amending planning guidance, so that local plans and decisions taken by local planning authorities are not overridden by planning inspectors?
They would be greatly encouraged if he would agree to meet me and my colleagues from neighbouring constituencies, my right hon.
Friend the Member for Gainsborough (Sir Edward Leigh) and my hon.
Friend the Member for Great Grimsby (Lia Nici), to discuss this further.
My hon.
Friend is right that sustainable development must be at the heart of the planning system.
That is why we are committed to meeting housing needs by building the right homes in the right places, and protecting the environmental assets that matter most.
The national planning policy framework is clear that we should be responsive to local circumstances.
I know that the local plan in my hon.
Friend’s area is due for further consultation later this year, and that he will engage with that process, but I will happily meet him and colleagues to discuss the situation further.
The abuse suffered by 88-year-old Ann King at the hands of staff in her care home was captured on a hidden camera.
The footage is stomach churning.
Ann died in October 2022, and it took nearly a year for the Care Quality Commission  to launch a criminal investigation.
Ann’s children are working to protect other care home residents from being subjected to such appalling abuse.
Her son came to see me, as his MP, to ask for my help with their campaign.
Will the Prime Minister join me in backing Ann’s law, a proposal for measures, including a national register, to professionalise the care workforce and hold abusive staff to account?
Will he meet Ann’s family and me to discuss this idea?
Let me first extend my sympathies to Ann’s family for what she went through.
Obviously that is not appropriate, and I will ensure that the Department engages with the right hon.
Gentleman and Ann’s family on the proposed law.