In Southampton or Downing Street, he has great Labour councils.
At his mansion in Richmond, he can enjoy a brand-new Labour Mayor of North Yorkshire.
At his pad in Kensington, he can celebrate a historic third term for the Mayor of London.
Now that he, too, can enjoy the benefits of this changed Labour party, is he really still in such a hurry to get back to California?
I must say that I was surprised to see the right hon.
and learned Gentleman in North Yorkshire, although probably not as surprised as he was when he realised he could not take the tube there.
I can tell him that the people of North Yorkshire believe in hard work, secure borders, lower taxes and straight-talking common sense.
They will not get any of that from a virtue-signalling lawyer from north London.
It was great to be in Northallerton, where they have just voted to reject the Prime Minister’s proposition.
He has finally found something in common with the British public: no matter where he calls home, all his neighbours are backing this changed Labour party.
They keep rejecting him, because they have sussed him out.
They know there is nothing behind the boasts, the gimmicks and the smug smile.
He is a dodgy salesman desperate to sell them a dud.
Sixteen days ago, when he held a press conference claiming victory on Rwanda, he said:
“The next few weeks will be about action…people want deeds not words.”
Let us test that.
How many small boat crossings have there been since he said that 16 days ago?
Actually, just before we get on to that, the right hon.
and learned Gentleman talked about a changed Labour party—[Interruption.]
This is important.
He talked about a changed Labour party; he talks about it a lot.
He also talked about his Mayor in London.
Just this morning, we learned that the Labour Mayor in London believes there is an “equivalence” between the brutal terrorist attack of Hamas and Israel defending itself.
Let me be crystal clear: there is absolutely no equivalence between a terrorist group and democratic state.
Will he take this opportunity to demonstrate that the Labour party has changed?
Will he condemn those comments from the Labour Mayor?
I know that was the last run-out before the general election, but the Prime Minister is getting ahead of himself in asking me questions.
I notice that the Prime Minister did not even attempt to answer the question.
He knows the answer: since he claimed victory 16 days ago, there have been a staggering 2,400 small boat crossings.
That is a gimmick, not a deterrent, and those 2,400 will be added to the Tories’ asylum perma-backlog, which is forecast to rise to 100,000 by the end of the year.
The Prime Minister pretends that he will remove them all to Rwanda, but Rwanda can take only a few hundred a year.
At that rate, his grand plan would take over 300 years to remove them all.
There are tens of thousands of people with their claims going unprocessed, who will be here for their entire lifetime, living in hotels at the taxpayers’ expense.
It is absurd to call that anything other than an amnesty handed to them by the Tory party, isn’t it?
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman had the opportunity to condemn the comments of his Mayor—a Mayor who said that there is an “equivalence” between Hamas and Israel—and he did not do that.
Everyone will see: that is the changed Labour party right there.
Since I became Prime Minister, small boat crossings are down by a third.
That is because we have doubled National Crime Agency funding, increased enforcement rates, closed bank accounts, deported 24,000 people  and processed more claims.[Official Report,  14 May 2024 ; Vol.
750, c. 4WC.] (
Correction) When it comes to border control, there is a crucial difference between us: the Conservatives want secure borders; the right hon.