Friend for his work as Chair of the Environmental Audit Committee.
The UK Government’s River Wye action plan will halt ongoing decline of the River Wye to preserve and restore that treasured river to the rating of favourable condition.
As the Minister has already said, the environment is a devolved matter, but nobody seems to have told the River Wye, which rises in Wales and crosses the border to merge into the River Severn in England.
I very much welcome the River Wye action plan, which the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs announced recently.
Has my hon.
Friend seen any action taken by the Welsh Government to match the UK Government’s commitment to cleaning up the polluted River Wye?
In the interests of time, I will give my right hon.
Friend a very short answer: no.
The Welsh Government have failed to come to the table time and time again on this issue, which is close to my heart as a constituency MP for the River Wye.
That has been the missing piece of the puzzle, and it is why we are seeing no action in Wales.
What recent discussions he has had with the Welsh Government on NHS waiting times.
Healthcare is devolved to the Welsh Government, who have received record levels of funding to deliver on all their devolved responsibilities, receiving 20% more funding per person than in England.
So many people in Wales are waiting longer for NHS care than people in England, and in a 12-month period, 40,000 people had to go from Wales to England for elective care.
Does that not show that Labour’s claims to be better for the NHS are completely false?
My right hon.
Friend is entirely right: the NHS is not safe in Labour’s hands, and we have living proof of that in Wales.
It is a great shame that when the Secretary of State for Health in England offered the support of the NHS in England to alleviate pressures on waiting times in Wales, the Welsh Health Secretary turned that support down.
That is Labour’s record on the NHS.
One of the problems that a lot of my constituents have raised with me is that when they do get a letter calling them for an appointment—including one for which they have been waiting for some time—that letter arrives after the appointment date, because the Royal Mail is now delivering such an appalling service.
Is it not time that we had a strong word to make sure that people who are being called for appointments get a chance to turn up to them, because they have actually received their letter on time?
The hon.
Gentleman makes a good point, and one that I will certainly investigate with colleagues, but I think the problem lies with the mismanagement of the Welsh NHS, for which his party must take responsibility.
What steps he is taking to help support victims of crime in Wales.
The UK Government recognise the importance of victims having access to the support they need to recover from the impact of crime.
That is why we are quadrupling funding for victim services, up from £41 million in 2010.
As a recent victim of crime, I know that one impact on victims is that it makes you reflect on how many crimes remain unsolved.
The latest figures show that nine in 10 crimes in Wales went unsolved in the past six months, so what can the Minister say to the victims of the 82,000 reported crimes that went uncharged last year?
First, may I say how sorry I am to learn that the hon.
Lady has been a victim of crime?
I know the experience she has gone through, and I personally send her my huge sympathies.
This Government have a proud record of delivering for victims of crime, whether through new pieces of legislation or the record headcount of police officers.