Untreated sewage was pumped into English waterways for more than 3.6 million hours last year, and into the sea off Sussex beaches three times in the last 24 hours alone, yet since privatisation the water companies have been allowed to rack up debts of over £64 billion and their shareholders have been allowed to pocket £78 billion in dividends.
The majority of the public, including 58% of Conservative supporters and 80% of Labour supporters, want to turf out of the profiteering polluters.
They want water brought back into public hands.
When is the Prime Minister going to listen to them and end the legalised scam of privatisation?
Our plans to tackle this go further than those of any previous Government.
In fact, we now monitor 100% of overflows, up from just 7% under the Labour party; we are investing a record £56 billion into our water infrastructure; and we have enshrined strict targets in law and introduced unlimited fines for water companies, holding them and their bosses to account.
It is crystal clear.
The record shows that only one party has a clear plan to tackle this issue for the environment: the Conservative party.
Everybody knows that Stockton is a great place with great people and a great football team.
My right hon.
Friend recently visited the mighty Stockton Town to see the incredible work they do in the local community, and he heard about their promotion battle.
I am sure that he will want to join me in congratulating Micky Dunwell and the mighty Anchors on their promotion.
It was fantastic to visit Stockton Town football club with my hon.
Friend, who is a brilliant champion for his local community, which I see at first hand on a weekly basis.
I join him in congratulating  everyone at the club on their well-deserved promotion, and I hope that some of their good luck rubs off on Southampton in the coming weeks.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Justice if he will make a statement on the expansion of the end of custody supervised licence scheme.
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for her question.
Protecting the public is our No.
1 priority, so it is right that we take tough and decisive action to keep putting the most serious offenders behind bars, and for longer, as the public rightly expect.
We are carrying out the biggest prison expansion programme since the Victorian era, and we are ramping up removals of foreign national offenders.
We have a duty to ensure that the prison system continues to operate safely and effectively, with offenders held in safe and decent conditions.
This means ensuring that no prison exceeds a safe maximum operating limit.
ECSL allows lower-level offenders to be released before their automatic release date.
In March, the Lord Chancellor stated that we will
“work with the police, prisons and probation leaders to make further adjustments as required.
”—[Official Report,  12 March 2024 ; Vol.
747, c. 157.]
This extension is in line with what he said.
ECSL operates only when absolutely necessary and is kept under constant review.
I know that many Members of this House will be concerned about the early release of offenders into the community, but I make it clear that only offenders who would soon be released anyway will be considered for ECSL.
We have put in place safeguards, including that the Prison Service retains the discretion to prevent the ECSL release of any offender where early release presents a higher risk than if they were released at their automatic release date.
There are strict eligibility criteria, and anyone convicted of a sexual offence, a terrorist offence or a serious violence offence is ruled out.
Public safety will always be our No.
1 priority, and all those released will still be subject to probation supervision and stringent licence conditions.
Here we go again.