Friend expand a little on the great improvements being made to increase capacity?
Will he tell us a little more about the progress on ensuring that more foreign national offenders are removed to their own countries?
Will he expand a little, as this seems to be badly understood by Opposition Members from all parties, on quite how much of a prison building programme the Government have?
Will he say something on the number of prisons and the number of spaces that that will create, and on the consequent prospects for the rehabilitation of offenders and, in time, having fewer victims of crime?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight that and I pay tribute to his work in the justice system not only in this House, but prior to his being a Member of it.
I believe—I will, of course, correct this if I am slightly out—that about 16,000 FNOs have now been removed.
It is timely that as I say that, my right hon.
Friend the Home Secretary appears in the Chamber, so that I can pay tribute to him and his Department for their work on delivering that.
On prison places, I set out to  the hon.
Member for Twickenham (Munira Wilson)  the progress on the six new prisons.
Alongside that, we have built a vast number of rapid deployment cells and new house blocks, so we are expanding our prison  capacity rapidly.
As I say, that stands in stark contrast to the failure to deliver on the Titan prison places by the Labour party.
Napo has said that
“the ECSL scheme is an unmitigated failure and has not only been extended without parliamentary scrutiny but represents an increasing risk to public safety”.
The Secretary of State knows that our probation service is in crisis and cannot cope without a significant increase in support and resources.
Will the Government be providing that?
I am very grateful to the hon.
Lady.
As I said to the shadow Secretary of State, I have great respect for the work done by those in our probation service.
Indeed, I have met the probation unions in the past.
Although we do not always agree, I have huge respect for the work those unions do in representing their members.
I would make two points.
First, to say that it was done without scrutiny in this House stretches the bounds of credibility.
There have been two statements by the Secretary of State and multiple oral parliamentary question sessions, and I have undergone a polite but thorough grilling at the Justice Committee by its Chair.
I do not think it stacks up to say that this has not been subject to scrutiny.
On the hon.
Lady’s underlying point, I set out earlier that we are investing in probation.
There is £155 million of additional investment a year since 2021 and there are 4,000 more probation officers and staff in training.
A moment ago, the Minister set out the significant increase in the number of people being held on remand—I think he said it had increased from 9,000 to 16,000.
What work are the Government doing to address court backlogs?
What steps are being taken to look at other routes for monitoring people who are on remand, who could perhaps serve their remand period in the community under a tagging system?
To correct myself, there are now 16,500 people on remand in the prison population.
On court backlogs, we have increased the investment in our courts and the number of sitting days, and we are seeing progress.
Obviously, courts take the decision on whether to remand or bail someone, and we can help that process by giving the courts the information they need.
We continue to invest in the Bail Information Service, which gives sentencers reassurance about the information they need to make a judgment call about whether someone is safe to be bailed.