Let me first extend my sympathies to Ann’s family for what she went through.
Obviously that is not appropriate, and I will ensure that the Department engages with the right hon.
Gentleman and Ann’s family on the proposed law.
He is right to say that we should have high standards across the care industry, and we are working towards more investment to support our care home staff, making sure that they have training qualifications and development, and that we have a regime that can hold everyone to account for delivering the high standards that we would all expect.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that one of the greatest qualities that those on these Back Benches bring to Westminster is plain old-fashioned common sense?
Derbyshire common sense led the good people of Ashbourne and surrounding villages to reject the Sadiq Khan ULEZ rules, and even the Welsh 20 mph rules.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me, and perhaps ask  his neighbour the Chancellor if he will pay for the Ashbourne bypass?
I know that my hon.
Friend has been a dedicated campaigner for the Ashbourne bypass.
The Government are committed to investing more in the midlands, and in particular to putting every penny of the £9.6 billion from High Speed 2 back into the local area.
My hon.
Friend is right: we will focus on drivers and their priorities, rather than continuing the war on motorists that is being waged by the Labour Mayor in London, but also by the Labour party in Wales, with both the ultra low emission zone and 20 mph speed limits.
It is this party that is unashamedly on the side of the motorist.
Our cross-party child of the north all-party parliamentary group found that expectant mothers  were terminating wanted pregnancies because they could  not afford another mouth to feed.
Recent figures show that infant and child death rates have increased in the most deprived areas, and 50 children have died alone in unregulated accommodation.
Is this the Prime Minister’s plan for a brighter Britain in action?
Obviously, what the hon.
Lady has described is a tragedy.
No one wants to see children grow up in those circumstances, and that is why I am proud that since 2010, with a range of measures, the Government have overseen a significant fall in poverty, particularly child poverty.
I will ensure that, for the benefit of her constituents, the hon.
Lady is aware of all the support that is in place—through the Department of Health and Social Care and the Department for Work and Pensions, and through local authorities—for the most vulnerable families in our communities.
Weston-super-Mare is a growing town, so local health services are rightly growing as well.
Weston General Hospital is treating more patients for a wider variety of problems than before, GPs’ surgeries are offering thousands more appointments this year than last, and our new diagnostic centre means faster tests and treatments.
However, there is a fly in our NHS-prescribed ointment: dentistry is not fixed yet.
The new dental recovery plan is very welcome, but when will it mean appointments that Westonians can book?
Our dentistry recovery plan will make dental services faster, simpler and fairer for patients, funding about 2.5 million more appointments.
I was pleased to note that access is improving in my hon.
Friend’s area, with nearly 10% more children seeing a dentist in June last year than in the previous year, but we are going further: the new patient premium that was announced last year is ensuring that more NHS dentistry will be provided, and since then, at the end of January, 500 more practices have said that they are now open to new patients.