The work of the defending democracy taskforce is far too limited.
While the Security Minister is working on that, what engagement has the Home Secretary had, and has it been discussed at the National Security Council?
Finally, the update to the Government’s integrated review warned in March last year that
“the transition into a multipolar, fragmented and contested world has happened more quickly and definitively than anticipated.”
From the Iranian-sponsored kidnap and kill threats on UK soil to the repression of Hong Kong protesters outside the Chinese consulate in Manchester, the UK has undergone, because of behaviour not just from Russia but more widely, a fundamental shift in the threat landscape, as increasingly aggressive state actors feel emboldened to target the UK, often in co-operation with serious and organised crime.
I urge the Home Secretary to look at the work that was done after the huge shift in the terror threat that we faced following 9/11 and 7/7 to draw up the Contest strategy.
We do not have a similar strategy for state actors and state-sponsored threats.
The work is far too fragmented.
The Labour party would like to see a comprehensive equivalent to Contest.
I urge him to look again at that.
We will work with him on that too.
I thank the right hon.
Lady for her party’s commitment to the ongoing support for Ukraine’s self-defence.
She was right to read that into the record.
There is no doubt about her commitment among Government Members.
I reassure her that we do look at the wider threats emanating from Russia.
We liaise closely with our international partners.
We suspect that other countries in the coalition of support for Ukraine are being targeted by Russia.
Those countries will take discrete, domestic actions, but I draw the House’s attention to the shared commitment set out in the North Atlantic  Council statement.
I do not have the precise quote in front of me, but from memory it said that nations will take both individual and collective action.
Our response is calibrated.
It is designed to send a very clear message, as well as hampering Russia’s ability to conduct espionage here in the UK.
We will look closely at Russia’s response and whether it seeks to escalate matters.
We will always ensure that we protect our ability to have lines of communication with Russia, even during these most challenging of times.
Routes for de-escalation, error avoidance and the avoidance of miscalculation are very important.
We recognise that, and I believe that Putin’s regime in Moscow recognises that.
We will seek to maintain lines of communication, even while we take these decisive actions.
With regard to the extensive sanctions, we moved quickly, in concert with our international friends and allies.
Those sanctions are having an effect.
Of course Russia seeks to evade sanctions where it can.
While sanctions enforcement is primarily the responsibility of the Treasury, it is a cross-Government piece of work.
All parts of Government—this was very much the case when I was Foreign Secretary, speaking with our international counterparts and interlocutors—try to close off opportunities for sanctions evasion.
The defending democracy taskforce is incredibly important, particularly as we head towards a general election.
We will of course adapt, and seek to work cross-party, because it is in all our interests that we defend democracy.
I will continue to ensure that both the Security Minister and I work closely with the shadow Front Bench and other Opposition parties’ Front-Bench teams to protect something that is incredibly valuable.
I welcome the update from the Secretary of State.
The United Kingdom has led the world in supporting Ukraine—militarily, economically and diplomatically.
Our key ally, the United States, has introduced legislation, put forward by Congressman French Hill, my counterpart in the British-American parliamentary group, on seizing Russian assets and using them to rebuild Ukraine.