I have to be cautious about what I say, given that the matter will be before the coroner and the ombudsman.
I will be appearing before the Welsh Affairs Committee next week, when I suspect some of the issues will be debated.
I am happy to have a discussion with the right hon.
Lady, but it is right that I do not stray at the Dispatch Box when these matters are before the coroner and the ombudsman.
I hope the Minister will be happy to have a discussion with the MP whose constituency the prison is in, as well.
I thank the Minister for his answers to all the questions.
The scheme was initially designed to allow short-term early release by a matter of days, yet some releases are now early by some 70 days.
Does the Minister understand why victims of crime are anxious that so-called “soft crime” criminals are getting an easier time?
Victims of crime are told that perpetrators have been released early, so the victims can prepare themselves to see those perpetrators down the town or at the local supermarket, for example, which can be extremely disconcerting, even if it is not unexpected.
Mr Speaker, I reassure you that I was due to be meeting the Member whose constituency HMP Parc is in at this moment in time, but I am here at the Dispatch Box.
The meeting has been rescheduled and there is a date in the diary.
As I promised at the last oral questions, that meeting has been arranged.
The hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon)  is right to highlight that point.
Our ECSL protections are significantly more stringent than those used by the Labour party when it ran its scheme for three years.
Unlike its scheme, ours allows governors to veto the release of any prisoner when they think early release will create a risk to victims.
There are a number of exemptions from the scheme and it allows for rigorous conditions to be placed on the release licence, be it tagging, exclusion zones or curfews.
Prisoners will be well aware that if they breach those conditions, which are put in place to protect victims, they will hear the clang of the prison gate and be recalled.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I would like to make a statement to the House regarding measures that His Majesty’s Government will take in response to the reckless and dangerous activities of the Russian Government across Europe and now suspected here in the UK.
As was reported on  Friday 26 April , five individuals have been charged in connection with an investigation into alleged offences under the National Security Act 2023, as part of a counter-terrorism policing investigation.
The offences relate to what was widely reported by the media as a suspected arson attack on a Ukraine-linked business in the UK.
The Crown Prosecution Service has confirmed that the charges relate to alleged
“hostile activity in the UK in order to benefit a foreign state—namely Russia.”
I pay tribute to our law enforcement agencies for their quick and professional work to ensure these charges were brought.
They are the first charges to be brought under the new National Security Act.
Measures that this Government brought forward and this House passed are already being used to keep our country safe.
I thank the emergency services who responded to the fire at a commercial property in London where the suspected activity took place.
The charges are serious and it is only through good fortune that nobody was hurt.
I reassure the House that public safety is of the utmost importance, which is why the law enforcement response has been quick and decisive.
As Members will appreciate, I must not say anything further on this specific case, or any related case, to avoid prejudicing the outcome of ongoing criminal proceedings.