The right hon.
and learned Gentleman had the opportunity to condemn the comments of his Mayor—a Mayor who said that there is an “equivalence” between Hamas and Israel—and he did not do that.
Everyone will see: that is the changed Labour party right there.
Since I became Prime Minister, small boat crossings are down by a third.
That is because we have doubled National Crime Agency funding, increased enforcement rates, closed bank accounts, deported 24,000 people  and processed more claims.
When it comes to border control, there is a crucial difference between us: the Conservatives want secure borders; the right hon.
and learned Gentleman is happy with open borders.
We now move on to debate clauses 12, 13 and 19.
Before I delve into the detail of the clauses, however, let me first briefly set out how they fit into this Finance Bill.
The Government remain focused on taking long-term decisions to strengthen the economy by driving productivity, increasing the number of people in high-wage, high-skilled jobs, and boosting investment.
The Government are also ensuring that the tax system is as competitive as we can make it under very difficult economic circumstances.
We have some of the most generous investment incentives among major economies, including full permanent expensing, which the OBR has forecast will generate almost £3 billion of additional business investment each year, or £14 billion over the next five years.
It has forecast that that additional investment will increase GDP by 0.1% by the end of the forecast.
In addition to full expensing, we have an internationally competitive corporation tax rate—the lowest headline rate in the G7—which this Bill legislates to maintain.
I will now turn to clauses 12, 13 and 19 in more detail.
Clauses 12 and 13 set the charge for corporation tax from April 2025.
This includes both the main rate and the small profits rate, as well as the thresholds at which those rates apply.
The charge for corporation tax must be set every year.
It is important to legislate annually in advance, as this provides certainty to large and very large companies that pay tax in advance on the basis of their estimated tax liabilities.
These clauses maintain the current main rate of 25% and the small profits rate of 19%, as introduced in April 2023.
Tax certainty is of great importance to businesses—I think that is something we can all agree on—and clauses 12 and 13 ensure that they will continue to benefit from stable and predictable tax rules.
By maintaining the current rates, the Government have struck the right balance between remaining competitive and raising vital revenue.
Clause 19 makes changes to ensure that the energy profits levy will no longer apply if oil and gas prices return to historically normal levels for a sustained period of time.
It does so by introducing legislation to give effect to the energy security investment mechanism, or ESIM.
The EPL was introduced in 2022, at a time of near-record high oil and gas prices, but it is right that should those prices return to historically normal levels, the additional tax would cease to apply.
The detail of how the ESIM operates was set out in the  technical note published alongside the 2023 autumn statement; this Bill simply puts that detail on a legislative footing and provides for secondary legislation to legislate for the administrative details of how that check is made.
Current oil and gas prices are higher than normal, and OBR projections indicate that high prices will persist over the next five years.
The ESIM is a mechanism that switches off the EPL if, for a period of six months, the average prices of both oil and gas fall below set thresholds.