The Minister for Gambling has set the gambling industry a clear task to further raise standards to ensure that levels of gambling advertising do not exacerbate harm, and we will continue to review the evidence, including the very tragic case that my hon.
Friend talks about, to make sure we get that right.
A report by the Gambling Commission released in November 2024 showed that the proportion of young people between the ages of 11 and 17 experiencing problem gambling increased by 114% in just one year.
Will the Secretary of State please outline the steps her Department is taking to prevent young people from becoming victims of problem gambling?
I share my hon.
Friend’s view that there is clear evidence of particular problems for young people, and I know she has been active on that in her constituency.
The online slot stake limit will come into force on  9 April  for the £5 limit and on  21 May  for the £2 limit for younger adults.
That is a key harm-reduction measure and targeted at those most at risk of harmful gambling.
The Minister for Civil Society knows about the fantastic work that Gordon Moody does at its Dudley treatment centre to help people rebuild their lives following gambling-related harm.
The Secretary of State may not know, however, that Gordon Moody faces having to suspend its residential treatment because of the Government’s dithering over how to distribute funds from the gambling levy.
Will she finally get a grip before other fantastic charities with expertise, like Gordon Moody, have to shut their doors?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising that.
We are absolutely clear that we do not want any gaps in funding.
The Minister for Civil Society and the Minister for Gambling, who sits in the other place, have met representatives of industry and we are working hard to make sure we resolve that.
Does the Secretary of State agree that there is a world of difference between betting on sport, which employs many thousands and brings joy to millions, and gaming, which is all about pure chance and requires no skill or knowledge at all?
Will she commit to treating the two very differently in regulation and increasing the difference between them in the tax system?
I am not sure that I would share that blunt characterisation, but I very much recognise that we need to treat different forms of gambling differently.
In particular, Members have raised concerns about the impact of reforms on land-based gambling.
We are working hard to bring forward a package of measures this summer to support land-based gambling in our coastal towns and in places around the country where it brings enormous joy to people, and that includes bingo, which we all want to see protected and thriving.
If she will have discussions with Ofcom on extending the list of events designated as free to air.
We believe the current list of events works well and strikes an appropriate balance between access and allowing sports to maximise broadcasting revenue.
The Government have no plans to review the list at this time.
The BBC has secured an exclusive contract to broadcast live all of Scotland’s men’s international football matches in the run-up to the 2026 world cup.
It is part of a wider deal agreed with the European governing body UEFA, which also includes matches for Northern Ireland and Wales.
On Friday night, the BBC will provide extensive live coverage on several platforms of Scotland’s women’s team playing Germany in the nations league at Tannadice stadium in Dundee.
I am sure the Minister will join me in wishing them well, but will she also consider taking steps to safeguard these events for free-to-air broadcasters, so that our nations can enjoy them without paying expensive subscriptions?
I join the hon.
Member in wishing the team well.
As I outlined in my first answer, the whole point of the regime is to strike a balance.