We have some fantastic projects and organisations in Beckenham and Penge that are using their own initiative to increase the participation of disabled people in sport.
In Crystal Palace, the National Sports Centre is undergoing a multimillion-pound refurbishment to secure its facilities for future use and, crucially, to make them accessible.
I think 19 world records have been set in Crystal Palace, but wheelchair users currently cannot get to the pools and a lot of the other facilities.
As Members will know, this issue is close to my heart, and I am proud that this facility in my constituency will be made fully accessible and will be one of the best facilities not just in London but across the country for disabled sport going forward.
I want to put on the record my thanks to Sir Sadiq Khan, the team at the Greater London Authority, including project manager Ben Woods, and Councillors Ruth McGregor and Ryan Thompson, and to the Crystal Palace Sports Partnership, with John Powell and Fran Bernstein, who have really brought people together and made this happen.
Crystal Palace football club and the charity Palace for Life Foundation do genuinely incredible work right across south London, including at the National Sports Centre, to support disabled people and others.
As part  of this work, the foundation hosts football sessions for those with Down’s syndrome and visual impairments, as well as powerchair football.
One of the points that I often try to make to people is that, of all the protected characteristics defined by the Equality Act 2010, disability is by far the most diverse.
We also talk of specific disabilities, such as autism and cerebral palsy, as having spectrums.
The challenge for disabled sport is really comprehensive, but we have experts by experience—people with disabilities who understand how best to bridge that gap and make inclusion possible.
It is fantastic that the Schools Minister has recognised this.
I know that she has spoken about the need for increased PE in schools for disabled children.
If I speak to some of the local schools in my constituency, I am told that having other facilities outside school is absolutely essential.
It would be remiss of me not also to mention Kent County Cricket Club in Beckenham, which, alongside managing two disability teams, runs a regular Friday night disability cricket session in Beckenham for children and young people.
It has been fantastic to see a renewed focus on access to disability sport both in Government and in my local community, especially following the Paralympics.
Increasing access to PE and sport is not something that will happen if we sit back and wait for it.
Inclusion is not just an absence of exclusion, and achieving equity will require an active effort from all to get involved.
I again thank my hon.
Friend the Member for Stafford for securing this debate.
With permission, Madam Deputy Speaker, I would like to make a statement on the United Kingdom’s economic relationship with the United States.
The UK has a strong and balanced trading relationship with the US worth £315 billion, which supports 2.5 million jobs across both our countries.
This is second only to the EU, where our trading relationship is worth £791 billion.
Yesterday evening the United States announced a 10% reciprocal tariff on UK exports, and it has today imposed a 25% global tariff on cars.
That follows the application of tariffs of 25% on US imports of steel, aluminium and derivative products announced on  12 March .
No country was able to secure an exemption from those announcements, but the UK did receive the lowest reciprocal tariff rate globally.
And although that vindicates the pragmatic approach the Government have taken, we know that while the tariffs are still being levied the job is far from done.
We are, of course, disappointed by the increase in tariffs on the UK and on other countries around the world.