I join the hon.
Member in wishing the team well.
As I outlined in my first answer, the whole point of the regime is to strike a balance.
We want sport to be accessible while recognising the importance that broadcasting revenue plays.
What steps she is taking to support musicians.
I want every child to have a chance to learn how to play a musical instrument or take part in music, and I want every musician to be able to make a living out of their career.
I am working on better support for small venues across the UK and better remuneration for legacy artists, songwriters and session musicians.
Sunderland is a music city, and key to that are our great grassroots venues such as the Bunker, Independent and Pop Recs.
But venues like those across the country operate on a financially precarious basis.
Will the Minister update the House on how he will monitor the implementation of the voluntary levy on arena and stadium gigs, so that it can rapidly provide financial support to venues like those in my constituency?
The Bunker looks absolutely amazing.
It is a not-for-profit organisation—apart from anything else—that gives young people and others an opportunity to learn how to play, perform and record.
That is precisely the kind of venue we want to be able to support, which is why I am determined to get this voluntary levy over the line as soon as possible, so we can put millions of pounds into small venues.
The last time I was in Sunderland was for P!nk at the Stadium of Light.
Perhaps a helpful line from her is:
“What about all the plans that ended in disaster?”
I am determined that that is not going to be one of them.
For the first time since 2003, no UK artist has made it into the world top 10 album or singles charts.
That is partly down to effectively closing the EU to touring artists,  where followings now cannot get built and remuneration is not made for artists.
The Minister promised to fix this.
When will we get our artists back into Europe?
The hon.
Member makes a good point—obviously, we need more songs from Runrig to get us back to the top of the charts.
To make a serious point, it is absolutely essential for new and emerging artists in particular that they have the opportunity to tour across the whole of Europe.
I am determined to get this over the line.
It is one of the things that we need to renegotiate with the European Union.
We have a key meeting coming up in the next few weeks, and I hope we will be able to make some progress.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Music fans were left outraged last summer by rip-off prices for Oasis tickets.
Many paid hundreds of pounds over resale value to access the concerts they wanted to get to as dedicated fans.
Liberal Democrats are calling for an outright ban on resales above face value.
At the moment, it seems the Government are “Half the World Away” from a solution.
When the Ministers answer, “Whatever” they say, please promise me that the answer to whether we will have a ban above resale value is not “Definitely Maybe”?
As the hon.
Member knows perfectly well, a consultation is ongoing and will close on  4 April .
It was a manifesto commitment of ours to ensure that the secondary ticketing market works for everybody.
If someone is not able to turn up to a gig for whatever reason—family reasons, a funeral or whatever—they should be able to sell the ticket on.
We have asked specifically whether people should only be able to sell it at face value or face value plus 10%, 20% or 30%.
I note his response to the consultation.
I hope he has responded to all the other issues in the consultation as well.