The Kirkcaldy community football partnership does an amazing job providing a home for 18 teams, and bringing young people into our national game, including from some of the most deprived parts of our town.
Facilities at Denfield Park are too often unusable due to water logging on the grass pitch, and it badly needs a new synthetic pitch.
It is seeking funding for that as part of the Labour Government’s investment in grassroots sport in Scotland.
I will meet the Scottish Football Association about that next week, so will the Minister support our funding bid, and will she join me in encouraging the Secretary of State to accept my invitation to visit our pitch in Kirkcaldy and see the need for herself?
I absolutely will, and the Secretary of State says that she will too; we were both in Scotland a few weeks ago.
Will my hon.
Friend pass on my thanks to the volunteers at the Kirkcaldy community football partnership for their valuable work?
I recognise the issues that she puts forward.
We will be investing £8.6 million through our multi-sport grassroots facilities programme, through the Scottish Football Association, which I am pleased she will be meeting soon.
Certain sports often remain inaccessible to women and girls early on, making it harder for them to join later.
Will the Minister confirm how her Department is supporting clubs like Chess Valley rugby football club, in my constituency of South West Hertfordshire, that promote women’s participation at all levels?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point.
I attended the launch of the women’s innovation hub at Loughborough University a few weeks ago, and I convened the women in sport taskforce, along with Karen Carney.
We are clear that we want to support women’s sport at every level.
My constituency of Shipley is not short of sporting talent.
Baildon Fisical Sports Coaching Academy’s under-eights team has just won the national junior premier league final for the second consecutive season.
I pay tribute to the Bumble Bees Barbarians, the first mixed-ability contact rugby union team in England,  which plays at the Bradford and Bingley sports club.
Following the Government’s welcome announcement of a £100 million investment in grassroots sports, will the Minister assure me that inclusive grassroots sport will receive funding to continue that great work?
I congratulate the teams that my hon.
Friend mentions.
Grassroots clubs do such an important job in nurturing sporting talent.
Brilliant sports groups across the country will receive funding for facilities.
We will be targeting the most deprived areas, supporting under-represented groups and providing the multi-sport benefit through the Football Foundation, which will deliver that through its local football facilities plans, which are being refreshed to reflect changes including the growth in the women’s game and need in other sports.
Rugby union is sadly a sport on its knees in this country, propped up solely by the six nations, with top-flight clubs going to the wall despite a ringfenced premiership cartel.
Mismanagement of the game has become endemic.
The Rugby Football Union sustained losses of £38 million last year, yet still found the cash to provide a total remuneration package of £1.1 million to Bill Sweeney, who has presided over the current shambles.
Although he survived a vote of no confidence at a special general meeting of the RFU at Twickenham last week, forced by the Whole Game Union, the RFU is desperately trying to restore credibility with the grassroots game.
What oversight are the Government providing of the management of rugby union in England, the implementation of the forthcoming modernisation programme and the six-point plan for community rugby?
What support can they give to beleaguered grassroots clubs that are the lifeblood of the game and create our future internationals—
Order.
Players like George Furbank, who started his career at Huntingdon Stags?
Order.
Please, Mr Obese-Jecty, there are other questions.
The hon.
Member raises some important points.