There is no question but that churches are facing many challenges in this space.
The in-year increases in the running costs for parishes, such as the national insurance increases, increases in energy costs and, obviously, the changes to the listed places of worship grant scheme, have presented challenges, but I can tell my hon.
Friend that the Church Commissioners distributed £1.2 billion to support parishes between 2023 and 2025.
The Government’s decision to extend the listed places of worship grant scheme for only 12 months, with a reduced budget and a new cap, has caused significant unease in my constituency and across the wider diocese.
The rector of Farnham has expressed his concern over a nearby project that faces a massive £750,000 shortfall thanks to Labour’s amendments.
Will the hon.
Lady join me in urging the Government to continue, at the very least, the previous support for projects that have already received planning permission, if not reinstate the scheme as a whole?
As I have outlined, I raised my concerns when I met the Secretary of State to discuss the impact on the many churches that will be affected, particularly those that already have projects and works ongoing.
I am very happy to write to the hon.
Gentleman on the potential funding opportunities that may be available to churches in Farnham.
The Belfry in York has been left literally in ruins as a result of now having a £1.5 million shortfall.
Contracts have been signed and the project needs support.
Will my hon.
Friend arrange a meeting for churches that are midway through their project, with her and the Secretary of State, so that we can clear up this mess?
I thank my hon.
Friend, who has raised this issue on many occasions.
Yes, I will seek to arrange a roundtable meeting with the churches impacted.
I hope we can also ensure that a Minister is present at that meeting, to hear at first hand about the impact of the cap and the potential future of the scheme.
I thank the Second Church Estates Commissioner for her answers on this topic, but could she outline what support she can offer churches across Guildford that are facing significant shortfalls due to the £25,000 cap?
One such church had been expecting to recover VAT of about £750,000 on its £4 million project, but it now faces a major funding shortfall.
Although churches can claim for work that  has already been invoiced, that does not address the major concern for those that have not yet completed their work.
Ever since I took on this role, this issue has come up time and again.
I commit to writing to the hon.
Member on this, having looked into what other support is available to her.
If she could also write to me and set out the churches that are impacted, she can also be included in any such a meeting.
The hon.
Member for Blaenau Gwent, representing the Restoration and Renewal Client Board, was asked—
What recent progress the client board has made on consulting hon.
Members on the restoration and renewal programme.
The restoration and renewal programme has engaged extensively with Members of both Houses.
In this House, in the last two years alone there have been about 500 interactions with MPs—for example, through briefings, engagement stands, tours and events.
Given the turnover of MPs at the general election, in January one of our Deputy Speakers,  the hon.
Member for Bradford South (Judith Cummins) , wrote to Members to encourage further one-to-one meetings.
I thank my hon.
Friend for that reply.
As a new Member, I was very lucky to have a restoration and renewal tour.
My question was more about how many MPs and Lords, since the change in Government, have been able to have a look round and have some information about the plans going ahead, and is there any idea of the timeframe?