What thanks did Paul get?
His phone was hacked by a newspaper looking for stories.
Twelve years on from the Leveson inquiry, most national papers are still in the Independent Press Standards Organisation, a complaints handler that they control and that has never investigated or fined a single newspaper in its history.
Will the Secretary of State consult on introducing a truly independent press regulator for all national papers, so that we can make sure there are no more victims of phone hacking and press intrusion?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this very serious issue.
He will know that since the Leveson inquiry concluded, there have been dramatic changes in the media landscape, meaning that we need to take a much wider view of how to protect a free, fair and self- regulated press and to protect the public.
Nevertheless, we recognise that there are long-standing issues with the protection of members of the public such as my hon.
Friend’s constituent, who the Minister for Creative Industries, Arts and Tourism knows well.
I recently met families from the campaign group Hacked Off and listened to their stories.
It was a harrowing meeting, and we are committed to working with them to resolve these issues.
I should properly declare an interest as a former member of the British Actors’ Equity Association.
Mr Speaker, if I enter your house and steal the draft manuscript of your memoirs, I am guilty of a crime.
Artists, writers, musicians and other creatives are all having their work stolen as we speak, and you and I have received letters about this issue.
We do not have the time to wait; what are the Government going to do to protect creatives and their work?
Copyright law stands firmly behind the creative industries today, and will in the future.
We will do absolutely nothing to undermine the fact that this country is one of the few great countries in the world that is able to boast of itself as a content superpower, and anything we do in relation to artificial intelligence and copyright will proceed only if we can make sure that the creative industries have more control and more remuneration at the end of that process, rather than less.
I very  much welcome the national youth survey, which was launched last month and was mentioned by the Secretary  of State.
It is great to see a Government who are not only listening to young people, but are determined to put young voices at the heart of policymaking.
In Dartford, we have a rapidly growing youth population, with the number of under-15s having grown by 30% at the last census.
Does the Secretary of State agree that it is vital that policies that affect young people are produced with the people who are affected by them, and will she consider attending my youth engagement event in Dartford later this month?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that kind invitation.
The Minister with responsibility for young people, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Barnsley South (Stephanie Peacock) , would be delighted to go, if she can make that work with her existing commitments.
I share my hon.
Friend’s view that we, as a Government, are not just interested in young people having a voice; we also want them to have real power to be in the driving seat of their own lives.
That is why we have invited young people to co-produce the national youth strategy with us, and I am delighted that we have already made good on our promise of the biggest conversation with this generation that has ever taken place.
The hon.
Member for Battersea, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked—
What recent discussions the Church Commissioners have had with the Charity Commission on Project Spire.
The Church Commissioners are engaged in informal discussions with the Charity Commission to consider what regulatory approvals may be required to progress this project.