This is a formal step and it is necessary for us to keep all options on the table.
We will seek the views of UK stakeholders over four weeks until  1 May 2025  on products that could potentially be included in any UK tariff response.
This exercise will also give businesses the chance to have their say and influence the design of any possible UK action.
If we are in a position to agree an economic deal with the US that lifts the tariffs that have been placed on our industries, this request for input will be paused, and any measures flowing from it will be lifted.
Further information on the request for input will be published on great.gov.uk later today, alongside an indicative list of potential products that the Government consider most appropriate for inclusion.
I know that this will be an anxious time for all businesses, not just those with direct trade links to America.
Let me say very clearly that we stand ready to support businesses through this.
That starts by ensuring that businesses have reliable information; any businesses that are concerned about what these changes mean for them can find clear guidance and support on great.gov.uk, where there is now a bespoke webpage.
This Government were elected to bring security back to working people’s lives.
At a time of volatility, businesses and workers alike are looking to this Government to keep our heads, act in the national interest and navigate Britain through this period.
While some may urge escalation, I simply will not play politics with people’s jobs.
This Government will strive for a deal that supports our industries and the well-paid jobs that come with them, while preparing our trade defences and keeping all options on the table.
This is the right approach to defend the UK’s domestic industries from the direct and indirect impacts of US tariffs in a way that is both measured and proportionate, while respecting the rules-based international trading system.
As the world continues to change around us, British workers and businesses can be assured of one constant: this is a Government who will not be set off course in choppy waters.
The final part of our approach will be to turbo-boost the work this Government are doing to make our economy stronger and more secure, including our new industrial strategy.
We will strike trade deals with our partners and work closely with our allies for our shared prosperity.
We have a clear destination to deliver economic security for working people.
We are progressing a deal that can do just that, laying the foundations to move quickly should it not, and ensuring that British businesses have a clear voice in what happens next.
I commend this statement to the House.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps her Department is taking to help promote rugby league.
Mr Speaker, I take this opportunity to pay tribute to the work that rugby league clubs do across the country and to my own team, Wigan Warriors, who absolutely smashed Warrington Wolves in Las Vegas last month.
Are you still in the cup, by the way? [
Laughter.]
No comment.
Rugby league clubs are at the heart of many communities, including my hon.
Friend’s in Rochdale.
I was delighted that, in the last financial year, Sport England awarded over £30,000 to his constituency to support grassroots rugby league.
Rochdale Hornets have had a winning start to their league season—a spicy performance no doubt linked to our new partnership with Nando’s restaurants.
Mr Speaker, if you get a Rochdale Hornets season ticket, you can get 20% off in Rochdale Nando’s.
Ours is a true community club with the work off the pitch as important as the results on it.
Does the Secretary of State agree that we should be promoting rugby league as not just great entertainment, but a brilliant way to help our nation’s mental and physical health?
I could not agree more.