Gentleman has some extraordinarily beautiful villages in his constituency, which I expect he is about to tell us about.
Since we are swapping villages, I was in Pocklington last week, at the site of what Professor Alice Roberts described as the most important iron age archaeological site in Britain: the Pocklington chariot burial.
It is a magnificent thing, and the centre of a huge area of iron age archaeology.
I was there to meet dedicated local volunteers who are creating a new museum at Burnby Hall based on that archaeology, which will bring tourists into the countryside.
What can the Government do to help people like that develop ideas such as this?
Not every village in Britain suffers the problems of Midsomer, but I know of the work that people are trying to do in Pocklington.
The right hon.
Gentleman refers to Professor Alice Roberts and her wonderful work in this area, and everything I have seen about the hoard in Pocklington is absolutely amazing.
I slightly expected that the right hon.
Gentleman would turn up wearing some of the bling—
Or the armour.
Or some of the armour, because there was a time when it was fine for a man to wear a brooch; perhaps that time will come again.
I pay tribute to Burnby Hall gardens and museum, and it would be amazing if we were able to get it back into full use.
The gardens are amazing—apparently there are 80 different kinds of wild water lily—but it would be good if we could get the whole museum going, and I pay tribute to the volunteers who are trying to make that happen.
What recent assessment she has made of the potential impact of the planned increase in employer national insurance contributions on creative industries.
As the right hon.
Gentleman knows, a large proportion of the creative industries are constituted as small and medium-sized enterprises, and the vast majority of those are protected from the increase in national insurance contributions.
Importantly, as many of them have said to me, they fully understand the need for greater expenditure on our public services, and that has to be matched by finding the money from somewhere.
I have always been particularly impressed by your brooch, Mr Speaker.
Nevertheless, those increases are damaging for any enterprise, but we could make it up to them by restoring Baroness Kidron’s amendment to the Data (Use and Access) Bill.
Will the Minister do that?
No, we have just taken it out of the Bill for the precise reason that we do not think it would make the blindest bit of difference to the financial support provided to creative industries today.
That is why we are not supporting the amendment.
What steps her Department is taking to support the development of grassroots football in Scotland.
What steps she is taking to support grassroots sports venues.
What steps is she taking to allocate funding to local grassroots sports facilities in the north of England.
What steps is she taking to support grassroots sports venues.
The Government are clear that people should have access to sport and physical activity when they want, no matter who they are and where they are in the country.
That is why we recently announced a further £100 million investment across the UK for the coming year, to ensure better access to high-quality facilities.
The Kirkcaldy community football partnership does an amazing job providing a home for 18 teams, and bringing young people into our national game, including from some of the most deprived parts of our town.
Facilities at Denfield Park are too often unusable due to water logging on the grass pitch, and it badly needs a new synthetic pitch.
It is seeking funding for that as part of the Labour Government’s investment in grassroots sport in Scotland.