The hon.
Member for Battersea, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked—
What assessment the Church of England has made of the potential impact of the US Government’s middle east policies on Christian inhabitants in the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
The situation facing all Palestinian communities in Israeli-occupied Gaza and the west bank is devastating, with tens of thousands killed and almost 2 million displaced.
The Anglican communion continues to support people in the region, providing healthcare and education alongside pastoral work at St George’s cathedral in Jerusalem, in partnership with other Churches.
In Gaza, mass atrocities continue and civilians, including children, are being killed.
In recent days, the Israeli Defence Minister has threatened to annex parts of Gaza, and we have already seen the illegal annexation of large parts of the west bank, with Palestinian families being forced from their homes to make way for Israeli settlers.
Can my hon.
Friend tell us what the Church Commissioners are doing to help promote respect for international law and bring an end to this horror?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his important and timely question.
The ongoing de facto annexation of parts of the west bank and threats to annex parts of Gaza are incredibly disturbing.
In February, the Heads of Churches in Jerusalem issued a joint statement against the threat of mass displacement, and I agree with them that there can be no justification for uprooting people who are already suffering beyond all measure.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to outline that international law must be upheld at all times, and there are significant concerns about what is taking place in Israel at the moment.
The dean of Salisbury cathedral visited me recently to tell me about a visit he had made to the Nassar family farm—the Tent of Nations—just south of Bethlehem, near the Palestinian village of Nahallin.
He expressed grave concerns about the situation the family finds itself in.
What conversations has the hon.
Lady had with the Foreign Secretary about the steps the Government are taking to defend the rights of Palestinians in the west bank, and can she confirm that the Government will raise the abuses of their rights with the Israeli Government?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his question on this important issue.
I continue to engage with the Foreign Secretary’s team and office on this issue, and I will write to the Government yet again, to ensure that they are defending and protecting the rights of all Palestinians.
I think we can all agree that we need to see an end to the violence and the killing of innocent people.
Whether she has had recent discussions with the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport on proposals to extend the listed places of worship grant scheme after 2026.
Whether she has had recent discussions with the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport on the extension of the listed places of worship grant scheme.
I recently met my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport to discuss the importance of the scheme’s future and the impact that any changes will have.
As well as facing uncertainty about the future of the grant, churches in my constituency are finding it hard to cope with the rise in revenue costs, which include the cost of church insurance.
Can my hon.
Friend tell us what is being done to support the financial position of English parish churches more generally?
There is no question but that churches are facing many challenges in this space.
The in-year increases in the running costs for parishes, such as the national insurance increases, increases in energy costs and, obviously, the changes to the listed places of worship grant scheme, have presented challenges, but I can tell my hon.
Friend that the Church Commissioners distributed £1.2 billion to support parishes between 2023 and 2025.