We have asked specifically whether people should only be able to sell it at face value or face value plus 10%, 20% or 30%.
I note his response to the consultation.
I hope he has responded to all the other issues in the consultation as well.
What discussions she has had with the Glasgow 2026 Organising Company on the 2026 Commonwealth games.
My Department is in regular contact with the organising company, and I was pleased to meet recently with both the CEO and the chair to discuss progress on delivery, at a meeting in my Department and when I was delighted to attend the King’s baton relay launch at Buckingham Palace with His Majesty the King to mark 500 days until the games.
The UK has been proud to host the Commonwealth games twice since 2014, and I am delighted that the UK Government have been able to get behind and support Glasgow 2026.
I thank the Minister for her response.
Does she agree that it is important that the games bring benefits to local communities?
What discussions is she having with colleagues in the Scotland Office, the Scottish Government and Glasgow city council to ensure that local communities in Glasgow benefit from the games in 2026?
Of course, I agree with my hon.
Friend that it is important that a successful games supports lasting benefits for the city and the region.
As I said, I met with the CEO and chair two weeks ago.
I was in Edinburgh to meet with my counterpart in the Scottish Government to discuss the games.
My team is in close contact with the Scottish Government, the Scotland Office and other delivery partners to understand the games’ ambitions for these wider benefits.
The organising company has already confirmed that the games will include £6 million of investment in existing sporting venues, as well as 3,000 trained volunteers and a cultural programme.
The Minister will know the springboard that hosting international events is for the economy, grassroots participation and sporting facilities in the UK.
Under the last Government, we secured and hosted a number of major events, with a pipeline of events.
What steps are this Government taking to ensure we have that pipeline of major events in the future?
The hon.
Member is right to pay tribute to the economic contribution and the huge inspiration of these events.
We have a number of exciting events coming up, whether that be rugby or cricket, and the Government are hugely supportive of major events.
What steps she is taking to promote coastal Britain to overseas visitors.
Britain, as everybody will have noted, is an island nation, so our coastline is a vital part of what defines us as a visitor destination.
I am really glad that the “Starring GREAT Britain” campaign, which we launched earlier this year, features many coastal areas, but we need to ensure that people get an opportunity to see our amazing beaches, eat our amazing food and enjoy the perfectly sensible summer weather that we have.
The tourism industry in East Suffolk is worth an estimated £693 million and accounts for over 15% of jobs locally, but we have suffered post pandemic.
Estimates suggest that we are down 2 million on pre-pandemic numbers, which I imagine is just the tip of the iceberg.
Can the Minister share with me what he is doing to support coastal tourism in places such as Southwold, Aldeburgh and Felixstowe?
I am very keen to integrate the creative industries far better into our visitor economy.
My hon.
Friend will know in her own patch that it is not just the Aldeburgh festival, which has been going since 1948; she has Maggi Hambling living down the road in Saxmundham, and there is a lively artistic community.
We need to build that far more into our coastal offer around the country.
I want us to get to 50 million international visitors to the UK by 2030.