Friend will know in her own patch that it is not just the Aldeburgh festival, which has been going since 1948; she has Maggi Hambling living down the road in Saxmundham, and there is a lively artistic community.
We need to build that far more into our coastal offer around the country.
I want us to get to 50 million international visitors to the UK by 2030.
We will only be able to do that if more of them do not just visit London.
In a debate in Westminster Hall two weeks ago, the Minister was quick to respond on the need to ensure that the tourism  industry across the whole of this great United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland can take advantage.
He will know the advantages of tourism in Strangford; he will know Strangford lough, the Ards peninsula and the Irish sea.
The shadow Minister,  the right hon.
Member for Daventry (Stuart Andrew) , knows it very well—he did not do wild swimming on the day he was over, but he wished he could have.
There are many things to attract tourism wherever we are.
Will the Minister ensure that discussions to improve coastal tourism for the United Kingdom include Northern Ireland?
We can do it better together.
It is a bit shameful to accuse the poor shadow Minister of wimping out on cold water swimming —I am sure he would have done it if it had been available.
I am very keen that we have a national tourism strategy for the whole country by the end of this year, and I am working with the Visitor Economy Advisory Council to deliver that.
That has to address the problems that many of our coastal areas have faced, including in Northern Ireland.
Again, I make the point that the creative industries in Northern Ireland are vital to the tourism economy.
I call the shadow Minister.
As has been said, tourism is a huge contributor to the UK economy, and I was delighted to take part in English Tourism Week, as many Members will have done.
The Government have committed to 50 million visits by 2030, and Conservative Members welcome that ambition.
I was surprised to hear from the tourism sector that there is great concern about a purported cut to the VisitBritain budget.
Will the Minister categorically tell the House whether there will be a cut to the VisitBritain budget, and if so, will he transparently tell the House how much that budget will be cut by?
I think the hon.
Gentleman is talking about the GREAT campaign budget, and it is certainly true that finances have been tough.
We are looking at precisely what money we may be able to source into that fund for the next year.
I am very serious about wanting to develop a UK-wide visitor economy strategy.
I think it might be valuable if the hon.
Gentleman and I sat down at some point and he gave me some of the ideas that are rocking around in his brain, and we will see whether any of those can be incorporated into our plan.
What steps she is taking to help increase tourism outside cities.
Not only are we an island economy, but I would argue that our towns and villages are just as important for our visitor economy as our great cities.
I recently spent a pleasant weekend in Chipping Campden, and many international visitors were wandering up and down Broadway.
The right hon.
Gentleman has some extraordinarily beautiful villages in his constituency, which I expect he is about to tell us about.
Since we are swapping villages, I was in Pocklington last week, at the site of what Professor Alice Roberts described as the most important iron age archaeological site in Britain: the Pocklington chariot burial.
It is a magnificent thing, and the centre of a huge area of iron age archaeology.