Contrary to the hon.
Member for Stafford, I do think this will require some funding for adaptive equipment and the specialist training for staff.
I will conclude by highlighting the work done by the charity Gympanzees, which is currently fundraising to open in my constituency the UK’s first fully accessible exercise, play and social centre for disabled children and young people.
I had the privilege of visiting its pop-up offerings before I was an MP, where I saw for myself the fantastic holiday activities it provides with an array of specialist equipment and dedicated staff.
It has had a massive impact on its users’ lives, whether that is the three-year-old laughing for the first time, the 16-year-old who had refused any form of sport at home and school but who rowed a kilometre on their rowing machine, the nine-year-old who held up his head on his own for 10 minutes for the first time, or the 57 children and young people who were able to walk for the first time, using the specialist equipment.
Opening this permanent home for the charity’s activities will allow it to offer schemes not only in school holidays but year round, and would give the centre the scope to open up its facilities for other organisations to use, including schools.
Gympanzees has already raised more  than half of its £8 million target to fit out the facility.
I have previously written to Ministers asking them to consider contributing to the funding of this centre as a pilot facility—a model that could be rolled out across other regions to help to inform provision in and provide training for our schools.
I ask them to look again at the huge benefits this project could bring for children with complex needs and the potential it has to deliver access to PE for children who currently miss out.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stafford (Leigh Ingham)  for securing this debate.
She made some fantastic and profound points in her speech.
Like  the hon.
Member for Thornbury and Yate (Claire Young) , I will focus on disability sports.
In schools across the country, three in four disabled children do not take part in PE regularly, and four in 10 confide that they would like to take part in more sport if it was offered.
We should not underestimate the impact this has on these children, with disabled children already facing exclusion and 72% of them reporting feeling lonely.
I know this from my own experience, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I have not played sports since I was 13.
I had an accident in year 8 where I shattered my hip; I did not walk for four years, and then had a hip replacement in sixth form.
A challenge a lot of children who are disabled face in similar situations is that playing football and other sports is how children often build common bonds with their friends; it is what they do together and what they talk about.
Being excluded from that has far wider repercussions.
This has been a big priority for me in my constituency.
I pay tribute today to the work of ParalympicsGB, the Youth Sport Trust and others; they really recognise this and are doing lots of important local work to improve it.
We have some fantastic projects and organisations in Beckenham and Penge that are using their own initiative to increase the participation of disabled people in sport.
In Crystal Palace, the National Sports Centre is undergoing a multimillion-pound refurbishment to secure its facilities for future use and, crucially, to make them accessible.
I think 19 world records have been set in Crystal Palace, but wheelchair users currently cannot get to the pools and a lot of the other facilities.