Member for raising this issue; it was also raised last week by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Widnes and Halewood (Derek Twigg) .
She is right.
As we approach the anniversary of the Hillsborough tragedy, we should remember the 97 lives lost, all the families affected and the years and years of fighting for justice and accountability that the families have suffered since—frankly, with the state fighting against them, in most cases.
That is something we should all endeavour to put right.
As she says, the Prime Minister and the whole Government, myself included, remain focused on fulfilling our commitment to the Hillsborough families to bring forward and enact a Hillsborough law, which will of course include a duty of candour at all times.
That is a very important measure to take forward.
At this time, the most important issue is to ensure that the legislation reflects the full range of concerns and experiences, and meets the expectations of the families.
The very worst thing we could do is not meet those expectations, given that all the trust issues relate to the state failing to live up to the families’ expectations.
We are working on the Bill at pace, but we will take whatever time is necessary to work collaboratively with the families and their representatives, because getting the legislation right is overwhelmingly our priority, as I am sure the hon.
Lady can understand.
Last month, Whitburn Band, from a former mining town in my constituency, won the Scottish brass band championships for the third time in four years.
The band will represent Scotland at the national brass band championships in London, and at the European brass band championships next year.
Will the Leader of the House join me in congratulating Whitburn Band on its remarkable achievement, and wishing its members the very best of luck as they represent Scotland?
Will she make time for a debate on the important contribution of brass bands to our musical heritage in communities across the UK?
I join my hon.
Friend in congratulating the Whitburn brass band, the Scottish brass band champions, and wish them all the very best in the UK-wide national brass band championships.
If I may say so, she is doing a fantastic job of blowing the trumpet on behalf of her constituents. [
Laughter.]
It is Easter.
I wish the band all the best in the championships.
I call the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee.
On the business that the Leader of the House announced, I have to say it is disappointing that we do not have Backbench  Business on  24 April .
My reading of the business that day is that the Bill is uncontroversial and we are likely to finish early, but we will be denied the opportunity to have a debate on St George’s day, which is of course on  23 April , or a debate on Parkinson’s Awareness Month, which is April.
We are contemplating organising three 90-minute debates on  1 May , which is local election day.
Colleagues may wish to be campaigning elsewhere, but that would at least allow debates on some of the motions that we have in the queue.
It would help if the Leader of the House could confirm when estimates day will be in May.
By my reckoning, there are only around four possible dates, and our Committee has to advertise the opportunity for people to apply for an estimates day debate, and then choose the debates.
On  Tuesday 8 May , there will be a Westminster Hall debate on the persecution of Christians.
When we return on  22 April , there will be a debate on residential estate management companies; I remind colleagues that we will sit Monday hours on that day, so the debate will start at 11.30 am, rather than at 9.30 am.