We are still processing exactly what the new tariffs will mean for British businesses, and we will shortly hear from the Secretary of State for Business and Trade about that in more detail.
Just as President Trump is acting in what he believes is his national interest, we will always act in our national interest.
We will do whatever is necessary to protect British jobs, British businesses and British consumers.
I am sure the shadow Leader of the House will agree that, in any eventuality, securing the long-sought economic deal with our closest partner, the US, which the Prime Minister has been leading on for many months, is in our national interest, and I am sure the whole House will support him in those endeavours.
As the shadow Leader of the House said, this week is the start of a new financial year and the annual uprating of Bills.
It is also a very worrying time for families.
The cost of living crisis is not yet over, and many people will be wondering, as the month begins, how long their pay cheque will last.
We have inherited a very difficult situation, and the global trade war will not help, but we are determined to protect working people.
That is what we are all about.
We are about making work pay with our Employment Rights Bill.
We have seen a £1,400 a year increase to the national living wage.
And for young people, there has been an unprecedented uplift to the national minimum wage, which is now up to £10 an hour.
The state pension will increase this week by £470.
We will take the action necessary to bring down in the long term our bills, including those for water and energy.
The shadow Leader of the House raised the situation in Birmingham.
I was in Birmingham just last weekend visiting my husband’s family and found the conditions to be totally unacceptable.
It is awful what people are living with, and we want to see the situation end, and end immediately.
I am happy to tell the right hon.
Member that I have no problem in saying that the trade union Unite needs to step up, get back round the table and come to an agreement.
A reasonable agreement is on the table, so the trade union and the council should be able to deal with this very quickly.
I gently say to the shadow Leader of the House, however, that I do not think the situation in Birmingham covers anybody in glory.
To make some party political point about it does not serve him too well.
He and other Conservative Members might have a short memory, but this is a failure of successive leaderships of that council, including the Tory-Liberal Democrat coalition of the early 2000s in particular.
That was a critical phase in resolving the equality pay dispute, which other councils, including in Manchester and other cities, dealt with during that time, while Birmingham’s buried their heads in the sand about it.
If the shadow Leader of the House wants a discussion about what has happened with local government finances, let me say that local government was absolutely starved of finances for 14 years under his Government.
Month  after month, we saw councils go bust, including Tory councils such as Northamptonshire and Thurrock.
We have put record investment into local government, and will bring forward a devolution Bill later this year, which will include further measures on auditing local finances.
The shadow Leader of the House mentions the impact of industrial action on the working people of this country, but what did his Government preside over?
We saw more days of industrial action in our NHS and on the railways under the Conservative Government than we have done under Labour.
That is what the Conservatives want to do every time—cause conflict and have industrial action.
We have seen an end to industrial action in our NHS.