Secondly, Birmingham city council tried to install a shiny new Oracle IT system, resulting in a disaster whose costs are set to reach £216-odd million by 2026, according to a report by academics at Sheffield University.
As a city, Birmingham is technically bankrupt.
It has been controlled by Labour for well over a decade, but my point is not about the council—it is about the Government.
The Minister for Local Government let the cat out of the bag in his statement on this topic on Monday, when he said:
“Birmingham’s waste service has been in urgent need of modernisation and transformation for many years… Practices in the waste service have been the source of one of the largest equal pay crises in modern…history, resulting in costs of over £1 billion to the residents of Birmingham.
This situation simply cannot continue.
”—[Official Report,  31 March 2025 ; Vol.
765, c. 45.]
The Prime Minister went further in his own remarks yesterday, saying:
“The situation in Birmingham council is completely unacceptable”.—[Official Report,  2 April 2025 ; Vol.
765, c. 294.]
However, neither the Minister nor the Prime Minister has yet offered any criticism at all of Unite, whose action is the cause of all this rotting refuse in the streets.
Unite was Labour’s biggest union donor before the general election, giving £553,900 to a total of 86 MPs—although not to the Leader of the House, I am very pleased to say.
Does she think there could be any relationship between the Government’s reluctance to call out Unite on the disastrous situation in Birmingham and the half a million pounds in donations their MPs have just received?
Some Members of the House may see this whole situation as eerily reminiscent of the 1970s, especially Labour’s winter of discontent in 1978-79, when striking binmen caused refuse to pile up across major cities, including in Birmingham.
My worry, however, is about not the past but the future.
Labour consistently backed public sector union strikes when they were in opposition—a point the Prime Minister conveniently forgot to mention yesterday—but now they are in power they have thrown money at the unions hand over fist with little or no negotiated improvements.
Let us not forget that Northern Rail negotiators have even said that their agreements with the union require them to use fax machines.
There is a very serious point here, Mr Speaker.
At this moment, the Government are abolishing NHS England and taking direct control of the NHS.
Does anyone seriously think that a Government who are incapable of calling out their union donors over bin collections will have any ability at all to withstand pressure from the same and other union donors on the NHS?
What will that do to cost control and productivity, to public spending and inflation?
I would be grateful if the Leader of the House reflected on those issues in her remarks.
May I join the shadow Leader of the House in wishing everybody a very happy Easter?
I hope that Members can resist eating too much chocolate and hot cross buns, especially those who are on diets at this time of year.
Today is a day to reflect, Mr Speaker, because we face unprecedented times, which have the potential to change the global trade consensus of the past 80 years—a consensus that has brought this country, and most western countries, a great deal of prosperity.
We are still processing exactly what the new tariffs will mean for British businesses, and we will shortly hear from the Secretary of State for Business and Trade about that in more detail.
Just as President Trump is acting in what he believes is his national interest, we will always act in our national interest.
We will do whatever is necessary to protect British jobs, British businesses and British consumers.