We saw more days of industrial action in our NHS and on the railways under the Conservative Government than we have done under Labour.
That is what the Conservatives want to do every time—cause conflict and have industrial action.
We have seen an end to industrial action in our NHS.
Because the strikes ended, waiting lists have gone down every single month for five months—and another 2 million doctors’ appointments have become available.
On the shadow Leader of the House’s watch, rail companies boasted about free cash from the Government for their rail contracts, and we had a record number of days lost to industrial action.
We put an end to that.
We got this country back to working in the interests of working people, so I will take no lectures from him.
Mr Speaker, I wish you and all the House staff, colleagues in the Chamber, and those outside an early happy Easter.
Sky is a household name in Britain and has millions of customers.
I am proud to represent Stockport, and Sky is a major employer in our town.
Unfortunately, it was announced last week that almost 2,000 jobs are at risk in Sky’s UK operations, with 545 roles in Stockport and more in Leeds and Sheffield impacted.
I have been working with my hon.
Friends the Members for Sheffield Central (Abtisam Mohamed) and for Leeds Central and Headingley (Alex Sobel), and my immediate constituency neighbour,  the hon.
Member for Hazel Grove (Lisa Smart) , to support the staff impacted.
Serious questions have been raised with me by Sky employees about the mass redundancies, the process being leaked to media outlets before all staff were made aware of the redundancies, and the lack of clarity about the level of support on offer to members of staff.
These redundancies will have a detrimental impact on the economies and communities of Stockport, Sheffield and Leeds.
Will the Leader of the House allocate Government time for a debate on Sky and how it treats its hard-working, loyal staff?
I am really sorry to hear about the redundancies at Sky, which will affect my hon.
Friend’s constituents, as well as some of mine nearby.
He is doing his job as a constituency MP by raising this important matter on the Floor of the House.
I am sure that the company will have heard his concerns about the announcement being communicated via the media before employees were told.
That is just not acceptable.
One of the reasons why we are bringing forward our Employment Rights Bill is to ensure that workers have more rights in these circumstances, and that employers have an obligation to ensure that redundancies are handled sensitively, and with regard to people’s long-term interests.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
On  15 April , we will mark the 36th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster and remember the 97 people who tragically lost  their life on that dark day, as well as their families’ subsequent fight for justice.
Last September, the Prime Minister gave a commitment that the Hillsborough law would be introduced in Parliament before we reached this anniversary.
A duty of candour for public servants and public bodies is long overdue, and will help stop future cover-ups.
It is vital that the legislation delivers on the commitments made to Hillsborough families in a meaningful way.
Can the Leader of the House give an update on whether the legislation will be introduced before we rise for the Easter recess?
If it will not, when we can realistically expect it?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising this issue; it was also raised last week by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Widnes and Halewood (Derek Twigg) .
She is right.