In total, the repairs cost around £2 million, but grant funding and donations for a project of that scale are very challenging to find—a challenge that will be increased by the cap and the reimbursement of VAT.
Has my hon.
Friend had conversations with the Government about the impact of the cap, and uncertainty over the scheme in future years, on such large-scale essential repair projects?
As outlined in my earlier responses to questions on a similar issue, I have met the Secretary of State and put across those concerns.
I commend the congregation of Christ Church in Wanstead for all their work in the community, providing music festivals, youth groups, bereavement support and so, so much more.
Relieving the burden of finding an extra 20% to repair the grade I listed building would mean more time that could be spent on work with vulnerable communities.
I will commit to writing to my hon.
Friend with information about grants that may be available.
Whether the Church of England is taking steps to help ensure that its ownership of mineral rights to lithium in Weardale contributes to economic growth in that area.
The Church Commissioners granted an option over its mineral rights in Bishop Aukland to a specialist exploration company, Northern Lithium Ltd, in 2023.
It has invested significantly in the local economy, which is expected to increase as exploration continues.
I thank my hon.
Friend for that answer.
I really welcome the work that has been done by Northern Lithium in Weardale in my constituency.
Critical minerals will play an increasingly important role in the UK’s transition to net zero and in our economy.
With the Church of England owning vast swathes of mineral rights across the country, it is really important that there is transparency and that the Church plays an active role in ensuring local populations benefit from the wealth beneath their feet, as part of a just transition.
Will she meet me to discuss that?
Yes, I am very happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
The Church Commissioners have transparently registered all mineral rights with the Land Registry.
I cannot comment on the specifics, as I am sure he would agree, but I am very happy to meet him and will ensure there are officials from the Church investment team, too.
Whether she is taking steps to help support churches in Broxtowe to meet the criteria for a gold Eco Church award.
The Church of England is working with A Rocha UK to support parishes in meeting their net zero targets.
Grants are being awarded to parishes to help them make quick wins in reducing their running costs, such as energy efficient lightbulbs and modern heating systems.
I thank my hon.
Friend for her reply.
On a recent visit to St Michael and All Angels church in Bramcote in my constituency, they were proud to show me the plaque they had received for meeting the silver standard for eco churches.
Will my hon.
Friend join me in congratulating St Michael and All Angels, and Christ Church, Chilwell, on achieving the silver eco church award, and on their hard work and commitment to environmental sustainability?
I am very happy to congratulate the congregations of St Michael and Christ Church on achieving their silver eco church awards.
In my hon.
Friend’s constituency, there are many parishes that I am   sure could learn from the great work those churches are doing.
I also thank her for her commitment to her local faith organisations.
Will the Leader of the House give us the future business?
I shall, Mr Speaker.
Monday 7 April —General debate on road maintenance, followed by a general debate on neighbourhood policing and tackling town centre crime.
Tuesday 8 April —General debate on the potential merits of awarding a posthumous Victoria Cross to Blair Mayne, followed by a general debate on matters to be raised before the forthcoming Adjournment.