Friend has three organisations in his constituency that will receive in the region of £500,000 this year under the national portfolio system.
The problem we have is that we are in the middle of a spending review that will affect the next four years and, on top of that, we are doing a review of Arts Council England.
We need to have profound change in the Arts Council so that it really works for arts organisations up and down the country, and that is what we will do.
Market Drayton in my constituency has really poor grassroots sports facilities for a town that serves more than 12,500 people.
Shropshire’s Conservatives will not allocate any of the community infrastructure levy money from the significant recent development there to improving those facilities, so will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss how we can get proper funding in, in order to provide Market Drayton—Shropshire’s third largest town—with the sports facilities it deserves?
I am sorry to hear that the hon.
Lady is not receiving the support that she needs, but we are absolutely determined to provide it to her, and to any other Member of this House who is a champion of grassroots sports facilities.
I know that sites in Market Drayton have been awarded grants totalling over £6,000 through the multi-sport grassroots facilities programme, but we are very aware that there are huge numbers of people—particularly young people—who want to get involved in sports, and we will work with the hon.
Lady to make that a reality.
Grassroots football clubs such as Bletchley Scot FC are inspiring the next generation of girls and boys to take up the beautiful game.
When I visited them last month, they told me that securing funding for modern sports facilities was their top priority, but that engaging with the Football Association was incredibly challenging.
Can the Minister set out what steps she is taking to work with the FA at the local and national levels?
Our investment through the multi-sport grassroots facilities programme is delivered through the Football Foundation in England, which engages with local Football Association and community stakeholders to identify needs in each area.
I encourage clubs such as Bletchley Scot FC to approach the Football Foundation directly to explore potential funding opportunities, and I am very happy to set up a meeting for my hon.
Friend.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
As the Select Committee looks into school and community sports, it has learned that the previous Government’s opening school facilities fund helped deliver sport to 300,000 people outside of school hours, seeing more girls, more disadvantaged pupils and more of those with special educational needs taking part.
That fund ended on Monday, and I have already heard from two schools in my constituency that they will be scaling  back their community provision.
The Government talk a lot about the importance of communities and supporting young people, but this flies in the face of that, does it not?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising that issue, and I will certainly look into the specific fund she has mentioned.
The Education Secretary and I are committed to putting sport back at the heart of the curriculum and our classrooms.
We will be in a position to announce more about that shortly, but we share the hon.
Lady’s vision of schools that are the hubs of their communities and are open longer hours to enable them to provide those opportunities for young people.
My constituent Paul Dadge was iconically photographed rescuing a badly burned survivor of the 7/7 bombings.
What thanks did Paul get?
His phone was hacked by a newspaper looking for stories.
Twelve years on from the Leveson inquiry, most national papers are still in the Independent Press Standards Organisation, a complaints handler that they control and that has never investigated or fined a single newspaper in its history.