Access to legal aid matters.
We have taken action to broaden access in immigration and asylum cases by: uplifting fees for work done under the Illegal Migration Act 2023, when it commences; providing up to £1.4 million this year for accreditation and re-accreditation of senior caseworkers conducting legal aid work; allowing detained duty advice scheme providers to give guidance remotely, where appropriate; and introducing payment for travel time between immigration removal centres and detained duty advice scheme surgeries.
The Bar Council of England and Wales has submitted its grave concerns to the Ministry of Justice’s review of civil legal aid, citing that it is
“not sustainable in its current form”
and that it has significant concern
“in relation to future availability of counsel”
in immigration and asylum cases.
It also notes that in real terms civil legal aid fees have now halved compared with what they were 28 years ago.
What are the next steps to ensure the future of legal aid in immigration cases, or is justice now for only the wealthy?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising that important question.
We are broadening access to legal aid.
The means test review, when fully implemented, will put an additional £25 million into legal aid and bring an additional £2 million into the scope of legal aid.
We are rolling out the housing loss prevention advice service—that is another £10 million going in.
There will be up to £141 million going into legal aid.
We are also rolling out the review of civil legal aid, which will report later this year.
We will be issuing a Green Paper in July to look at what we need to do to have a sustainable, resilient and well-resourced system, because we want high-quality lawyers doing civil legal aid.
That is vital for the kind of country we want to be.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential implications for his policies of the case backlog in the criminal and civil courts.
We remain committed to reducing the outstanding case loads across our courts in England and Wales.
To enable the courts to get through more cases, we have extended the use of 20 Nightingale   courtrooms this financial year, allocated £220 million for essential modernisation and repair work of our court buildings up to March next year, and funded unlimited sitting days, including 107,700 days during the most recent financial year, the highest level since 2016.
For anyone who has been a victim of crime, delays in getting cases into court add massively to the stress and anxiety they experience.
What would the Secretary of State say to any Member whose local magistrates court had 1,954 criminal cases waiting to be heard at the end of December 2023?
Would he say that a backlog of that scale was acceptable?
The right hon.
Gentleman raises an important point about magistrates courts.
It is true that case loads in magistrates courts, which of course deal with over 90% of crimes—common assault, criminal damage, non-residential burglary and so on—are significantly lower than they were during the pandemic.
The particular pressure is in the Crown court.
We made a decision of principle during the white heat of covid not to get rid of jury trials.
Now, I know that in Scotland the SNP Government are a little ambivalent about jury trials, but we think they are a very important part of the rights of free-born Britons.
We will hold fast to them and we will put in resources: more Nightingale courts; more judges, by raising the retirement age; and more legal aid.
We will invest in and recover the system while holding fast to our principles.
When I was a Justice Minister, I introduced virtual hearings so that cases could proceed much more effectively.
Will the Lord Chancellor kindly update the House on the progress of those hearings?
I am delighted to hear from my right hon.