Northern Ireland will become a back door in the United Kingdom, and that will hasten the day when we have people controls, as well as goods controls, between Northern Ireland and GB.
Does the Minister recognise that unless we remove the source of the problem—namely, the commitments in the withdrawal agreement—it will continue?
There is no merit whatsoever in the suggestion that the UK would hand Northern Ireland over to the European Union.
On the matter that we are debating today, the judgment changes nothing about our operational plans to send illegal migrants to Rwanda this July or about the lawfulness of our Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Act 2024.
We continue to work to get regular flights off to Rwanda in the coming weeks, and nothing will distract us from that or from delivering to the timetable that I set out.
We must start the flights to stop the boats.
I have been consistently clear that the commitments in the Belfast/Good Friday agreement should be interpreted as they were always intended, and not expanded to cover issues such as illegal migration.
We will take all steps to defend that position, including through appeal—those are the words of the Prime Minister.
As I say, we are operationalising the Rwanda policy on a UK-wide basis, and we will see through the commitments that we have made.
On the Windsor framework, we told you so.
On the judgment itself, legally, all roads lead not to Rome but, in this case, to Strasbourg and the European convention on human rights.
The convention was drafted for perfectly honourable reasons in the aftermath of the horror of the second world war, but that was over 70 years ago.
It has now clearly been overtaken by events and international migration flows.
Has not the time now come for a Conservative Government to include in our election manifesto a clear commitment to seeking to negotiate that convention with our European partners, and, should those negotiations fail, to leave it?
If we are not prepared to walk away, they will never take us seriously.
I refer my right hon.
Friend to the Government’s stance on the legal position in relation to the Illegal Migration Act.
I would also say that for illegal migrants, all roads lead to Rwanda, and for the people smugglers responsible for that evil criminality, all roads lead to prison.
I strongly welcome the logical and inevitable judgment from the High Court of Northern Ireland.
If the Government want to have a national immigration policy, they must repeal the Illegal Migration Act, repeal the Safety of Rwanda Act, and have a human-rights compliant policy.
Back in 1998, the Governments of the UK and Ireland made the solemn pledge to the people of Northern Ireland that the rights of everyone residing in the community would be protected.
Can the Minister give a cast-iron assurance that under no circumstances will article 2 of the Windsor framework, or the Good Friday agreement, be unpicked in the pursuit of this rabbit hole of a Rwanda plan?
I refer the hon.
Gentleman to the position that I have set out in relation to the Good Friday agreement.
I will not give a running commentary  about the litigation, which is, as he will appreciate, ongoing.
I absolutely and definitively disagree with him on the utility or sense in repealing the various pieces of illegal migration legislation that he is so vehemently against.
I respectfully disagree with him on that.
That legislation is helping us to make the progress that we need to put those criminal gangs out of business and ultimately save lives in the channel.
I do not think that there is anything more serious for a Government than that.
We place it front and centre in the work that we are doing.