Our action plan tries to address that.
Our reforms are designed to ensure that, when IPP prisoners are released, they do not face a licence period of 10 years, which can lead to them being recalled at any time.
Reducing it to three years is a humane and sensible way of trying to erase this stain on the conscience of our justice system.
Yesterday, The New Yorker published a 13,000-word inquiry into the Lucy Letby trial, which raised enormous concerns about both the logic and the competence of the statistical evidence that was a central part of the trial.
The article was blocked from publication on the UK internet, I understand because of a court order.
I am sure that court order was well intended, but it seems to me that it is in defiance of open justice.
Will the Lord Chancellor look into this matter and report back to the House?
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for raising this.
Court orders must be obeyed, and a person can apply to the court for them to be removed.
That will need to take place in the normal course of events.
On the Lucy Letby case, I simply make the point that juries’ verdicts must be respected.
If there are grounds for an appeal, that should take place in the normal way.
Taunton Deane magistrates court had 1,027 outstanding criminal cases in the first quarter of 2023, and the Justice Secretary’s own constituency, as of the end of December, had 1,954.
These delays are letting down victims, their families, witnesses and defendants, while undermining public confidence in the criminal justice  system.
How does he plan to tackle this backlog?
Will he provide those working tirelessly in our courts with adequate support and resources to carry out their duties?
We have increased capacity in the system.
We have opened 20 Nightingale courts, including Cirencester Crown court in my county of Gloucestershire.
We have increased the number of judges by 1,000.
We have put up to £141 million into legal aid.
We have raised the retirement age.
And we are ensuring there is support for victims, including through independent sexual violence advisers and independent domestic violence advisers, and by introducing a rape support helpline, and so on.
We are doing everything we can to support victims, to increase capacity in the system and to heal the damage caused by covid.
I call the Chair of the Justice Committee.
The Lord Chancellor will know that there is particular concern about the growth of the remand population in our prisons, which causes great disruption.
He will also know that the senior presiding judge and others are taking innovative measures to list remand cases, but will the Lord Chancellor confirm that, to support that, there will be no financial cap on sitting days in the Crown courts?
As always, my hon.
and learned Friend gets to the heart of the matter.
Before the pandemic, around 9,000 people were in custody awaiting trial.
The figure is now closer to 16,000, which plainly has an impact.
It is because we did not get rid of jury trials, which was the right thing to do.
I am grateful to the Lord Chief Justice and the senior presiding judge for considering remote hearings of bail applications, to ensure that more lawyers are able to do the cases.
Having enough practitioners, as well as sitting days, is critical, and both will have my attention.
Last week’s letter to the Justice Secretary from the chief inspector of prisons again highlighted the dreadful conditions in Wandsworth Prison.
Will the Secretary of State take urgent steps to end the overcrowding?
The hon.
Lady is right to raise this hard-hitting, searing report.
I was interested to note that, although there is a full complement of officers, the prison simply is not delivering the regime that it should.
We absolutely accept that.