Is there a deliberate policy to remove people from Scotland to England to prevent them from accessing legal aid, as they would be able and fully entitled to do in Scotland?
What guidance has been issued to lawyers in this respect?
Lastly, what right do MPs have to intervene in cases of removal, because I have been told that MPs have been asked for wet signatures from people who have been taken to immigration removal centres in England.
There are several questions in there but the answer to the first question is no, that is not correct.
The point about legal advice is very important: people should get legal advice so that they can make their points.
That is why we are investing heavily: when the Illegal Migration Act 2023 comes into force there will be a 15% uplift; we have invested £1.5 million to reaccredit senior caseworkers; and we are also paying for travel time.
We recognise that; the legislation is necessarily robust and we are also ensuring people get the legal advice they need.
I call Scottish National party spokesperson.
I listened with great interest to that answer.
My hon.
Friends the Members for Glasgow Central (Alison Thewliss) and for Glasgow North East (Anne McLaughlin) and I have constituents who have been removed from Scotland to England and threatened with deportation.
Can the Secretary of State answer this question: why are MPs being denied access to their constituents?
It seems outrageous.
Does he not agree that this is unacceptable and that lawyers and their elected representatives should not be impeded by arbitrary barriers when accessing constituents who are threatened with deportation?
I would be more than happy to discuss that point with the hon.
Gentleman.
Of course MPs should have access in appropriate circumstances, but the critical point is for individuals to get legal support—I say that with no discourtesy to him as a constituency MP.
That legal support is important.
As I have said, when the IMA comes into effect we will increase funding by 15%, pay for travel time and ensure the reaccreditation of senior caseworkers.
That is what individuals need: support through legal advice, and that is what we are providing.
What recent assessment he has made of the welfare of prisoners at HMP Parc.
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for her question and also for her typically measured and sensitive contribution to yesterday’s urgent question on this issue.
Ensuring our prisons are safe and secure for both staff and prisoners remains our top priority.
His Majesty’s Prison and Probation Service has been working closely with G4S, the operator of HMP Parc, to ensure the welfare of prisoners, and I visited last month to see  the work for myself.
I am particularly conscious of the importance of that in light of the nine deaths in HMP Parc since March.
As the Minister mentioned, yesterday I had the opportunity to raise in the House the very real concerns of parents with sons at Parc, particularly in relation to drug use.
When I contacted the prison two months ago it replied that in the year to September 2023 there had shockingly been 1,600 incidents of self-harm in a prison of 1,800 inmates.
Does the Minister accept that parents have been asking particularly for mental health support for years and it has not been happening?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady again for her question.
The provision of mental health support is absolutely vital; it is obviously something that needs to be done hand in hand and in partnership with the local health board in Wales.
We continue to work closely with the health board both on the issue she has raised and more broadly on the issues underpinning some of the challenges faced in Parc.
The Minister will be aware of the dire, indeed dangerous, situation we faced at Chelmsford Prison three years ago, when the prison was placed in special measures.