We are operationalising this policy on the basis of the Nationality and Borders Act 2022.
I thank my hon.
Friend for coming to the Chamber; I hope he is enjoying life back at the Home Office.
In the decision, the judge found that section 7A of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended by the Windsor framework, must be read as meaning that Northern Ireland is effectively to be treated as part of the European Union.
I believed the assurances given to me at the time, but is it not patently clear now that the Windsor framework has operated in a way that undermines our sovereignty  and Northern Ireland’s place in the United Kingdom, and has fundamentally failed on its first contact with reality?
I refer my right hon.
and learned Friend to what I have said about our determination to appeal the judgment.
As she knows from real experience, immigration is a reserved matter and policy should be applied consistently across the UK, as we have done consistently to date.
The European convention on human rights is not just a key part of the UK’s unwritten constitution, but fundamental to the Good Friday agreement.
That is where the commitment to the vindication of rights flows from.
Yes, Brexit and the provisions that have followed have underpinned those rights and have allowed for the pursuance of a remedy.
Perhaps those who championed the Brexit project might step through the consequences of their actions better in future.
I am glad that our region has additional protection, but the ruling is very clear: the Illegal Migration Act 2023 is not compatible with human rights, and the declaration of incompatibility has implications in all jurisdictions.
Is it not time that the Government developed an actual strategy that focused on safe routes, targeting people-smuggling gangs and investing in efficient processing?
Is it not time we had an actual plan, instead of this £400 million performance of cruelty?
I profoundly disagree with the hon.
Lady’s stance on Brexit, and I respectfully disagree with her interpretation and characterisation of the situation that we are discussing.
We have seen over half a million people come to this country via safe and legal routes since 2015.
We can all be enormously proud of that as a country, but there is a moral imperative to shut down the evil criminal gangs that are responsible for taking people’s money and bringing them across the channel in unseaworthy vessels, with no regard whatsoever for human life—for whether those people arrive safely.
We will do everything necessary within our power to put those evil criminal gangs out of business.
To date, we have made progress through the plan that has been delivered, but this is the important next step in rendering the business model redundant.
I urge the hon.
Lady to rethink her position.
It is not good enough to say, “It’s all too difficult,” and just allow unlimited numbers of people to make those very dangerous crossings, without having an alternative country to relocate people to when there is no prospect of removing them to their country of origin.
We voted in a referendum to end the rule of EU law throughout the United Kingdom, including Northern Ireland.
Given the muddle that the courts are creating, is not the only way out of this an urgent, short piece of legislation that asserts beyond doubt that we control our own borders?
The Government believe that we have a legal basis for this.
I recognise my right hon.
Friend’s determination for us to get on and deliver on the Rwanda policy.
That is precisely what we are doing, on the basis of the Nationality and Borders Act at this stage, but when it comes to the IMA, we believe that we have a strong legal basis, and that is why we are appealing the judgment.