That legislation is helping us to make the progress that we need to put those criminal gangs out of business and ultimately save lives in the channel.
I do not think that there is anything more serious for a Government than that.
We place it front and centre in the work that we are doing.
It is clear to me that Northern Ireland has just as much right as anywhere else in the UK to have a deterrent to illegal migration, so aspects of this concern me.
A few weeks ago, the Irish Government were saying that they should be able to return some illegal migrants who may have gone from the UK to the Republic of Ireland.
Does the Minister think that the Irish Government would be better off taking that up with France?
If the French took the return of illegal migrants who have entered our country, we would probably not have this problem in the first place.
As I said from the Dispatch Box last week, the position is very clear: we are not willing to have that relationship with the Irish Government and take the return of illegal migrants.
That would need to be progressed at an EU level.
We think that the European Union should take back those illegal migrants.
I think that goes to the heart of the point that my hon.
Friend has made.
Thus far, the Minister has not taken the opportunity to respond to the query from my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Belfast East (Gavin Robinson)  about why the Government declined the offer made from the DUP Benches, which would have avoided the judgment that we have heard about.
Will he do so now?
He has indicated that the Government plan to appeal, but if the appeal fails, what then?
I do not think it wise to speculate on hypothetical situations.
We are determined that there is a strong legislative basis, and we will defend it through the appeal.
As for debates that have been and gone, the hon.
Gentleman will recognise that I was not the Minister at that time, but it is fair to say that the record will speak for itself on the debates that were had.
We need only look at the situation in Dublin to see what happens when illegal migration becomes an issue and is not handled correctly, and to understand the strength of pursuing our Rwanda policy.
Although that policy is being dismissed by some, it is interesting that, as I am sure the Minister has noticed, others across Europe are starting to look to it for a solution to this question.
The question, “If not Rwanda, where do you want to remove people to?”
has never been answered by Labour.
In the light of the judgment, can the Minister reassure me on a couple of points?
First, will the UK remain the UK border in terms of migration policy, so that there is no prospect of having any form of checks on people between Great Britain and Northern Ireland, which would effectively mean a border within the United  Kingdom?
Secondly, will the operation of the Rwanda plan be based on, as he said, the Nationality and Borders Act and on the recently passed legislation—the one-stop shop and the child age assessments—which were vital in getting a grip on this issue?
Is the plan being taken forward on that basis rather than on the basis of the Illegal Migration Act, which was the core point from this judgment?
My hon.
Friend always speaks with authority when it comes to these issues, and he has extensive experience, having been a Minister in the Home Office.
I can absolutely say that we will continue to apply migration policy on a UK-wide basis; the UK border will remain that.