When I was a Justice Minister, I introduced virtual hearings so that cases could proceed much more effectively.
Will the Lord Chancellor kindly update the House on the progress of those hearings?
I am delighted to hear from my right hon.
Friend, who was such a distinguished Minister in this Department.
He did indeed introduce virtual hearings in our courts, and time has proved how prescient he was, because that was the right thing to do.
I welcome the recent decision by the Judicial Office to make remote hearings the default arrangement for bail applications.
In a wider context, a private Member’s Bill introduced by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Warrington South (Andy Carter) , which is currently making its way through Parliament, will amend legislation so that magistrates and judges in magistrates, county and family courts will be able to hear cases remotely when that is appropriate.
What progress he has made on implementing the recommendations of the National Audit Office report on the Government’s management of legal aid.
The National Audit Office report on the management of legal aid was a valuable piece of work, and we are considering its conclusions carefully.
The Government hugely value the work of legal aid lawyers, which is why we commissioned a review of civil legal aid to identify options for the delivery of a more effective, efficient and sustainable system for legal aid providers.
A Green Paper containing policy options is planned for July this year.
There are no providers of housing legal aid in the borough of Bedford, and the number of people living within 10 km of a provider of legal aid housing advice in England and Wales has fallen from 73% to 64% in the last decade.
Does the Secretary of State agree that whatever legal redress is provided in the Renters (Reform) and Leasehold and Freehold Reform Bills will be meaningless if there is no legal aid system to enforce those reforms?
I hope that the hon.
Gentleman will welcome the £10 million that is going to the Housing Loss Prevention Advisory Service, which is a revolutionary step to ensure that those who are at risk of eviction can access the legal aid they require in order to make their case.
I respectfully invite the hon.
Gentleman to come and see me so that I can discuss this with him further and he can be a voice for his constituents, signposting them to the support that is available, because it is important for them to be aware of the support that the Government are providing.
What steps he is taking to prevent domestic abuse perpetrators from using the justice system to extend control over victims.
The Government have taken significant steps to prevent domestic abusers from using the justice system to extend control over their victims.
Section 65 of the Domestic Abuse Act 2021 prevents them from cross-examining their victims and requires special measures to be available in court, and we have also amended prohibition orders under section 91(14) of the Children Act 1989, which can bar any individual from making a further application to court without permission when abusive partners are judged to be bringing victims back to court without reasonable purpose.
My hon.
Friend takes domestic abuse very seriously, but is she aware that perpetrators all too frequently seek to use the civil courts to perpetrate further abuse of their victims, often with the support of legal aid and often using “experts” with no relevant qualifications to make accusations of, for instance, parental alienation or child grooming?
Can she please reassure me that the Government are taking this matter seriously, to ensure that perpetrators do not continue to use our courts system to retraumatise their victims?
My right hon.
Friend asks an excellent question, but let me first remind her that this is precisely the issue at which the section 91(14) prohibition orders are directed.