Can she please reassure me that the Government are taking this matter seriously, to ensure that perpetrators do not continue to use our courts system to retraumatise their victims?
My right hon.
Friend asks an excellent question, but let me first remind her that this is precisely the issue at which the section 91(14) prohibition orders are directed.
Moreover, one of the changes made under the Domestic Abuse Act gave the courts themselves the power to make those orders of their own volition, rather than waiting for an application from the victim.
As for the second part of my right hon.
Friend’s question, to the extent that we are making changes to legal aid, all those changes are in favour of the victim.
We are removing illiquid and contested assets from consideration of means, all protective orders can be obtained without any assessment of means, and we are undertaking a legal aid means test review to make the test much more generous to victims.
My right hon.
Friend’s final point concerned the so-called experts who give evidence on parental alienation.
The Government do not recognise the concept of parental alienation, and do not believe that it is a syndrome capable of diagnosis.
We have responded to the Domestic Abuse Commissioner on this subject in writing.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Since the last session of Justice questions, I have met my G7 ministerial counterparts in Italy to discuss topics ranging from preventing illegal migration to tackling organised crime.
Furthermore, we have announced a new offence—in which, incidentally, my G7 colleagues were very interested—prohibiting the creation of sexually explicit deepfakes, announced measures to remove parental responsibility from those convicted of the rape of a child, made progress with the Litigation Funding Agreements (Enforceability) Bill in the House of Lords to support access to justice for those such as the postmasters, and introduced an amendment to the Victims and Prisoners Bill to provide further protection for victims against unnecessary disclosure of counselling notes.
I have also attended the “Unlocking Investment in Ukraine” conference, which brought together Ukrainian lawyers and eminent British jurists.
We in this country understand the importance of a strong legal sector to secure Ukraine’s future.
The British people and this Parliament are determined to ensure that once it has won the war, Ukraine wins the peace as well.
With more than 80,000 children caught up in private family law proceedings, what is the Secretary of State doing to ensure that the welfare of children is protected?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising private family law, because all too often people raise the issue of crime, but family matters too.
I am really delighted that we have managed to secure funding from the Treasury to roll out early legal advice in private family law.
Alongside the Pathfinder pilot scheme, it is designed to make the process of dealing with private family disputes more seamless and less painful, and ultimately ensure that children are put first.
People in Carshalton and Wallington, particularly women, are being targeted in so-called “crash for cash” insurance scams.
Could my right hon.
and learned Friend outline what support is available to victims of this sort of crime?
If someone is the victim of a “crash for cash” scam, they are likely to be the victim of an offence under the Fraud Act 2006 or, potentially, under the Road Traffic Act 1988.
We have quadrupled the funding for victims of crime, who are entitled under the victims code to be kept updated about the crime, to be notified about compensation and to be offered special measures   if the case gets to court.
Regardless of whether someone is the victim of “crash for cash”, theft or any other crime, the state should be there to provide the support they need.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.