We are equally clear that immigration is a reserved matter that has always been applied uniformly across the UK.
We do not accept that the Good Friday agreement should be read so creatively as to extend to matters such as tackling illegal migration, which is a UK-wide issue and not in any way related to the original intention of the Good Friday agreement.
On the specific point about the common travel area, all immigration legislation provides a UK-wide framework for legal and illegal migration.
We continue to have a constructive working relationship with the Irish Government when it comes to ensuring that abuse of the common travel area is robustly and appropriately tackled.
On the specific point about asserting Parliament’s sovereign will around these matters, I would argue that the recent Safety of Rwanda Act clearly asserts Parliament’s sovereign will.
While the latest judgment relates to the IMA, we are committed to appealing it.
I call the Chair of the Northern Ireland Affairs Committee.
This case, together with the case a few months ago about the Northern Ireland Troubles (Legacy and Reconciliation)  Act 2023, have a common theme: the applicability of article 2 of the Windsor framework and the direct application of EU law.
What are the Government going to do about that?
Will they seek to expedite the appeal directly to the Supreme Court?
It seems to me this is a fundamental issue that need resolving.
Further, will they seek further clarification, either from the Joint Committee on the Northern Ireland protocol or by other means, to clarify the situation and protect non-devolved matters from being dealt with in this way?
I am always grateful to my right hon.
and learned Friend for his contribution.
He speaks with real authority, given his professional background, his role in this House, and his former position as a distinguished Secretary of State and Lord Chancellor.
He will recognise that the court will make its final order in two weeks, when an appeal can be brought.
He made a number of observations, on which Ministers will reflect when taking decisions, but as I have said, and as the Prime Minister has made very clear, it is our intention to appeal this judgment.
We think that it is right and proper to take all steps necessary to defend our position.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Conservative chaos continues.
It truly beggars belief that just weeks after the Prime Minister negotiated the Windsor framework in February last year, he promptly brought forward immigration legislation that appears to have left Northern Ireland with immigration rules that are different from those for the rest of the UK.
Concerns about the Illegal Migration Act 2023 were raised at the time by  the right hon.
Member for Belfast East (Gavin Robinson) , as he has just pointed out; why did the Government choose to ignore his warnings?
I do not believe that the Minister answered the questions that the right hon.
Gentleman just put to him.
We on the Labour Benches are utterly committed to upholding both the Good Friday agreement and the Windsor framework in all their dimensions, but this Government appear to be more committed to their failing Illegal Migration Act.
Can the Minister assure the House that nothing that the Government do will in any way compromise the Good Friday agreement or the Windsor framework?
For those who are understandably struggling to keep up with the never-ending stream of immigration legislation that has been flowing from this Government, the Illegal Migration Act was the second of three Bills, all of which had one goal in mind—sending asylum seekers to Rwanda—and all of which are completely failing on their own terms.
It has been a shambles from start to finish.