What does the Minister say to the 50 organisations, including the TUC, Citizens Advice, the Joseph Rowntree Foundation and Liberty, that are calling on the Government to reconsider the reintroduction of tribunal fees?
I thank the hon.
Member for his question.
Many of these issues were raised when the statutory instrument passed through Parliament.
The Under-Secretary of State for Justice, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Finchley and Golders Green (Mike Freer) , who is the courts Minister, has written to the Senior President of Tribunals to convey those concerns, and I think that is in part why my noble and learned Friend is meeting the Senior President of Tribunals tomorrow.[Official Report,  15 May 2024 ; Vol.
750, c. 6WC.] (
Correction)
I call the shadow Minister.
The wheels of justice certainly turn slowly under this Government, and hundreds of thousands of people across the country are paying the price in the Crown courts, the civil courts, the family courts and tribunals.
At the end  of 2023, the employment tribunal backlog stood at more than 460,000 cases.
Those are cases affecting workers who have been bullied, workers who have been denied pay and workers who have been unfairly dismissed.
Does the Minister think that workers, like the Government, should just give up on the justice system, roll over and accept what employers do to them, or is there a new magic formula to sort this out?
The one thing the hon.
Gentleman did not of course mention was the impact of the pandemic on the criminal justice system, and indeed on the employment tribunal system. [
Hon.
Members: “Oh, come on!”]
Opposition Front Benchers do not like hearing it, but they cannot deny the impact of shutting down the system, in effect, for two years.
We have massively increased the resources available and we are working through the backlog, but that will take time.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
On a similar point, in a cost of living crisis, workers are now expected to pay to take their employer to an employment tribunal in cases of wage theft, unpaid redundancy pay and compensation for unfair dismissal.
Quite frankly, it is outrageous that this is being levied at a time of intense pressure on family budgets.
Do the Government not agree that access to justice must never be contingent on one’s ability to pay, and that these proposed changes ought to be scrapped to promote greater fairness in the system?
I thank the hon.
Member for his question.
We have introduced a regional virtual court to safeguard access to justice, and we will always make that available as far as it is possible to do so.
As I say, we are working through the backlog at pace.
If he will issue guidance to lawyers on the potential implications for the criminal justice process of the Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Act 2024.
The hon.
Lady asks about the implications for the criminal justice system of the Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Act 2024.
To be clear, that Act relates to immigration and potentially administrative law.
It does not substantially impact on the criminal law, and accordingly no specific guidance is required.
I thank the Secretary of State for that response.
May I praise the quick response from solicitors and the community in Glasgow to Rwanda removals, very much in the spirit of the Glasgow Girls and the Glasgow Grannies and Kenmure Street three years ago?
Is there a deliberate policy to remove people from Scotland to England to prevent them from accessing legal aid, as they would be able and fully entitled to do in Scotland?
What guidance has been issued to lawyers in this respect?
Lastly, what right do MPs have to intervene in cases of removal, because I have been told that MPs have been asked for wet signatures from people who have been taken to immigration removal centres in England.