I thank my hon.
Friend for that sensible question.
I agree that community payback offers offenders an opportunity to make visible reparations to their local communities, with millions of hours being delivered each year.
As an example, this March, for the great British spring clean, offenders spent thousands of hours clearing litter across the country.
We are trialling a new way to deliver community payback through the rapid deployment pilot, which was launched last year.
Community payback teams are working in partnership with local authorities to see incidents cleaned up within 48 hours’ notice, and we are now expanding that to all 12 probation regions.
Restorative justice in Northern Ireland has been an effective method of ensuring that victims and perpetrators can at least come together and perhaps try to find a solution.
It is also a way of ensuring lesser sentences.
Has the Minister been able to look at the community restorative justice that we have done in Northern Ireland to ensure that those on the mainland who offend can have a new life as well?
I personally have not, but I gather that Minister of Justice officials are abreast of that.
I would like to meet the hon.
Gentleman to hear more about that from him personally.
What progress his Department has made on delivering 20,000 new prison places.
What steps he is taking to increase prison capacity.
Thanks to funding from the Prime Minister when he was Chancellor, we are delivering the largest prison building programme since the Victorian era, with 10,000 additional places on track to be delivered by the end of next year.
To secure the pipeline of further prisons, last October I announced an investment of £30 million to acquire land even further in advance to mitigate the risk of planning delay.
We are also delivering an additional 460 rapid deployment cells across the estate.
The National Audit Office warned the Government over four years ago that prisons would run out of space by 2023.
Of the promised 20,000 places, it has been revealed that only just over a quarter have been delivered, so as a result we see the Government spending £50 million renting out police cells, grim conditions in overcrowded prisons and a chaotic early release scheme.
Why have the Government proved incapable of averting this crisis?
As a result of the record amount of investment in prisons, we brought on HMP Fosse Way, and we have HMP Five Wells.
I invite the hon.
Member to visit them, because these are excellent, modern prisons with fantastic rehabilitative conditions, providing an excellent opportunity to keep the public secure and prisoners rehabilitated.
We will also be rolling out HMP Millsike.
We have planning permission for HMP Gartree.
We are also rolling out houseblocks at Stocken, Rye Hill and Guys Marsh; and there will be further ones at Gartree.
This is a Government who believe in building, and we are getting on with the job.
Managing prison capacity is in part about ensuring that we have enough prison officers, but being a prison officer can be both demanding and dangerous, with 70% of prisoners between the ages of 25 and 49—at the peak of their physical fitness.
My prison officer constituent told me that, despite that, the officer retirement age is 68, meaning that staff well into their 60s are dealing with young and often aggressive people.
While it is important to retain experienced prison officers and recruit to the service, what consideration has my right hon.
and learned Friend given to reducing the retirement age in line with policing?
Prison officers are the absolute backbone of the system, and it is absolutely right that we should recruit and retain.
I am pleased to say that in 2023 we recruited an additional 1,600 officers and, just as importantly, the resignation rate is coming down, from 10.5% to 8.5%.
That is really positive.
On my hon.