Fortunately, we have a plan, and we are getting on and delivering on it.
We are delivering resources, and we will see our plan through.
Will my hon.
Friend indicate the extent to which the Illegal Migration Act 2023, the Windsor framework and the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020, as it relates to the sovereignty of the whole United Kingdom, including Northern Ireland, could have been worded sufficiently clearly and unambiguously to remove the grounds for this judgment, in line with the disapplication principles set out in paragraph 144 of the Supreme Court judgment on Rwanda from last November, which is extremely clear?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his contribution.
I refer him and all right hon.
and hon.
Members to the position that I have set out.
The Government are clear that the will of Parliament has been expressed on these issues.
The position is as I have set out, and we will robustly defend it.
We come to the SNP spokesperson.
The SNP welcomes the judgment from the High Court of Belfast, and thanks the Northern Ireland Human Rights Commission and the individual in the other case for taking this matter forward.
It is important that these awful pieces of legislation are challenged.
I note to the Minister that this judgment came from a domestic court, not the international courts that the Government seem so terribly afraid of and consistently run down.
The court found that the Illegal Migration Act 2023 was incompatible with article 2 of the Windsor framework and with the European convention on human rights; sections 2, 5 and 6 of the 2023 Act lead to a diminution of rights.
The court also found incompatibility between the 2023 Act and the Human Rights Act 1998 on the duty to remove, obligations to potential victims of modern slavery and human trafficking, and responsibilities to children and their best interests—all extremely serious matters that remain of concern.
As  the right hon.
Member for Belfast East (Gavin Robinson)  said, all this was entirely predictable.
The Government were warned about the implications for the Good Friday agreement throughout proceedings on the Illegal Migration Act and the Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Act 2024.
Can the Minister say why his Government failed to heed the warnings and expert advice?
Why did they ignore the status of Northern Ireland, and what now for the applicability of the Rwanda Act in Northern Ireland?
My fellow Scottish MPs and I are disturbed by the fact that our constituents, neighbours and friends are not even afforded the same rights as those in Northern Ireland.
What are the implications of that decision for the Union?
Human rights should be for all of us.
I can probably answer that question fairly rapidly.
We fully understand the position of the Scottish National party, which has been consistently expressed during the passage of the various pieces of legislation.
The SNP does not support the Government in our efforts to tackle illegal migration head-on.
The position is as I have described; I will not give a running commentary on ongoing litigation, but we are determined to appeal this judgment.
We are taking legal advice, and as I have said, I can be very clear that the judgment changes nothing about our operational plans to send illegal migrants to Rwanda this July, or the lawfulness of our Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Act 2024.
Concerns have been expressed about migrants flocking to Northern Ireland to avoid deportation to Rwanda, but there is absolutely no benefit whatsoever to doing so.
We are operationalising this policy on the basis of the Nationality and Borders Act 2022.
I thank my hon.
Friend for coming to the Chamber; I hope he is enjoying life back at the Home Office.