The hon.
Lady will understand, I hope, why I will not get involved in a disciplinary matter concerning a particular barrister.
I know what it is said has been said, and it will be for the relevant standards committee to decide whether or not the barrister is at fault.
The Minister may be aware that I used to be the victims Minister, and when I was in that role, I tried to stand up for victims whose loved ones had been killed by road traffic incidents.
It is fundamentally unfair that if someone is charged with death by careless driving, as compared with death by dangerous driving, the case is not appealable by the victim for leniency.
Is that something we are still looking at, as was the case when I was in the Ministry?
I share my right hon.
Friend’s profound concern about death caused by either dangerous or careless driving.
As he knows, it was the Conservative Government who created a criminal offence of death by careless driving.
I will just make two points.
First, on  28 June 2022 , the maximum penalty for the offence of death by dangerous driving was increased to life—previously, it was 14 years.
Secondly, we have just agreed to extend the unduly lenient sentence scheme so that the complainant will have 28 days to put in their appeal to the Attorney General and the Solicitor General, who will have a further 14 days to contact the court.
We hope that that will encourage more applications, and of course, we keep the category of offences under careful review.
I call the shadow Minister.
Victims should have the right to know who this Government are letting out of jail early.
With today’s news that, despite Ministers’  protestations to the contrary from the Dispatch Box, high-risk offenders have been released early, why should the public have any confidence that this is a Government who put victims first?
I want to provide some reassurance to the shadow Minister.
Under our scheme, no sexual offender, no terrorist offender and nobody who has been convicted of a serious violent crime or been convicted for four years or more will be eligible for early release.
I would just remind him that the slight distinction between our scheme and that conducted under the last Labour Government between 2007 and 2010 is that we have a governor lock.
That means that the governor of any prison can prevent an individual prisoner from being released early if they do not think that it is suitable to do so, and that was not the case under the last Labour Government.[Official Report,  20 May 2024 ; Vol.
750, c. 8WC.] (
Correction)
What recent assessment he has made of the effectiveness of proposed reforms to employment tribunal panels.
The employment tribunal panel composition arrangements are now a responsibility of the Senior President of Tribunals, and I understand that he intends to publish the responses to the consultation on proposed reforms shortly.
He has a statutory duty to consult my right hon.
and learned Friend the Lord Chancellor before making these arrangements, and my noble and learned Friend the Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Justice will be meeting the Senior President of Tribunals—I think tomorrow—to discuss his proposals as part of that duty.
The introduction of tribunal fees previously led to a 54% drop in the number of cases going forward, and the scheme was deemed unlawful by the Supreme Court, so it beggars belief that the Government are looking at reintroducing tribunal fees, and giving a green light to bad employers to exploit workers, who will be deterred from coming forward.
What does the Minister say to the 50 organisations, including the TUC, Citizens Advice, the Joseph Rowntree Foundation and Liberty, that are calling on the Government to reconsider the reintroduction of tribunal fees?
I thank the hon.
Member for his question.