The Minister is right to recognise the work that is being done on the victims code, and I appreciate the Government’s taking on board a number of the recommendations made by the Justice Committee when we engaged in pre-legislative scrutiny of that Bill.
The Minister will know, however, that there is a particular issue with delays in cases of rape and serious sexual offences, where cases are taken out of the list because prosecuting counsel are not available—they simply cannot be found.
She rightly referred to the increase in fees for solicitors and defence counsel.
Does she agree that there is now just one piece of the jigsaw that needs to be put in place: to bring the fees for prosecuting counsel in those cases up to the same level as those for defence counsel?
That would take about £1.5 million.
Will she sit down with the Attorney General and talk with her about how we can do that swiftly?
I can reassure my hon.
and learned Friend, the Chair of the Select Committee, that I spoke to the chair of the Bar Council about exactly that issue last week, but I want to provide him with further reassurance.
First, there has been correspondence between the Lord Chancellor and the senior presiding judge about any case of rape that is more than two years old.
That correspondence is a couple of months old, and he said that all cases would be listed by July this year—that applies to 181 cases in England and Wales.
I also want to draw my hon.
and learned Friend’s attention to something I know he will be aware of: that we have increased the fees for section 28 hearings, which take place in an irregular sequence in the court listing, from £670 to over £1,000.
On Monday, The Daily Telegraph reported that civil servants are trying to block an amendment to the Criminal Justice Bill that would legislate for the publication of an annual report on crime stats by nationality.
Does the Minister support the release of such a report, and  what does she think civil servants are worried we will find out?
It is time to publish a report and restore trust among the general public.
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question.
I was not aware of that, but I knew that an amendment had been suggested that was not within the scope of the Bill.
My hon.
Friend’s suggestion is a sensible one; we already publish the number of foreign national offenders in prison, but I understand the force of her question, and I am happy to meet her to discuss it further.
More than 60 lawyers, campaigners, politicians and academics have written a letter in support of the anti-violence against women and girls campaigner and barrister Dr Charlotte Proudman, who is facing disciplinary action after challenging a judge for taking a “boys’ club attitude” in a ruling on a domestic abuse case.
Does the Minister agree that the racial, gender and class-based bias of the justice system must be addressed and that it is right to speak up against injustice?
Will she join me in paying tribute to those who are campaigning for a legal sector that genuinely represents, empowers, and is accountable to the wider public?
I count myself as one of the people who campaigns on violence against women, and there are many other right hon.
and hon.
Members across this House who do the same thing.
The hon.
Lady will understand, I hope, why I will not get involved in a disciplinary matter concerning a particular barrister.
I know what it is said has been said, and it will be for the relevant standards committee to decide whether or not the barrister is at fault.