I recognise my right hon.
Friend’s determination for us to get on and deliver on the Rwanda policy.
That is precisely what we are doing, on the basis of the Nationality and Borders Act at this stage, but when it comes to the IMA, we believe that we have a strong legal basis, and that is why we are appealing the judgment.
Across the United Kingdom, including Northern Ireland, there are 90,000 of our fellow human beings who have arrived in the UK since March last year and are in limbo—their claims are not even being triaged—while they await a third country to take them.
The Government know that most of these folks will turn out to be genuine refugees if their cases are ever assessed.
They are nevertheless sat rotting at the taxpayer’s expense, vulnerable to exploitation and unable to move on.
Even this Government admit that the majority will never go to Rwanda, so what is the Government’s plan for those 90,000 souls?
We are clearly committed to commencing the Illegal Migration Act as soon as possible.
The hon.
Gentleman will know about the work that has gone on in the Home Office over the last year or so that has dramatically improved asylum decision-making productivity—all efforts that would be out of the window, were those on the Opposition Front Bench to form a Government.
We will take appropriate decisions on individual cohorts; I will not get into that on the Floor of the House today—
That’s your job!
The hon.
Gentleman keeps chuntering from a sedentary position, but the fact is that we take appropriate cohort-related decisions.
The message must be very clear that people should not be coming to the United Kingdom via perilous journeys on small boats.
That is not an acceptable position to be advocating.
We will not advocate that position, and will continue to take steps to address it.
The message should go out very clearly to anyone thinking of getting in a small boat: don’t do it.
Many in Northern Ireland will want to understand the practical implications of this court case.
If, as some expect, it means that Northern Ireland has become a more attractive place for someone who has arrived in Britain on a small boat, what are the Government doing to investigate, plan for and manage that, and to ensure that it does not have cost implications for the Northern Ireland Executive or local authorities in Northern Ireland?
What I can say to my right hon.
Friend, who, of course, takes a real interest in all matters Northern Ireland, is that we are operationalising the Rwanda policy on a UK-wide basis.
The legal foundation for that is the Nationality and Borders Act.
As I said earlier, there is no benefit to anybody who thinks that going to Northern Ireland will lead to their not being in scope for relocation to Rwanda.
That is not the case.
The position is clear, and we are getting on and operationalising the policy using the legal footing that is already available to us.
The Government can make as many appeals, promises from the Dispatch Box, and agreements about safeguarding the Union as they want, but the fact remains that because of the pathetic handover of Northern Ireland to the European Union, EU law now extends to and must be applied in Northern Ireland, as the judge made clear yesterday.
The result is that we have another hole in the Government’s immigration policy—a national immigration policy now  dictated by the EU.
Northern Ireland will become a back door in the United Kingdom, and that will hasten the day when we have people controls, as well as goods controls, between Northern Ireland and GB.
Does the Minister recognise that unless we remove the source of the problem—namely, the commitments in the withdrawal agreement—it will continue?
There is no merit whatsoever in the suggestion that the UK would hand Northern Ireland over to the European Union.