The Government take a zero-tolerance approach to drugs in prison, as is reflected in our policy approach, which has seen £100 million-worth of investment into measures to tackle the smuggling of contraband, including drugs, into prisons.
In the year ending March 2023, there were 19.7% fewer incidents where drugs were found than in the year to March 2019, reversing that pre-pandemic trend.
There remains more to do, but it is important to note that progress has been made.
The most recent report by HM inspectorate of prisons into HMP Parc in 2022 found that almost half of prisoners had easy access to drugs, and our current Welsh Affairs Committee inquiry into prisons has received evidence regarding drug use, as well as the fact that Parc is understaffed and staff are inexperienced.
In light of that evidence, and the recent deaths and surge in recorded violence in Parc Prison, would the Minister welcome a new inspection by the chief inspector?
Given the £400 million cost of the contract for G4S to run the prison, has he given consideration to the Prison Service stepping in to manage it, as it has done with Birmingham Prison?
The hon.
Lady made a number of points.
In terms of tackling drugs, in Parc we have X-ray body scanners and the Rapiscan system, and we have handheld devices being rolled out.
In respect of her two specific questions, any inspection is a matter for the chief inspector of prisons.
In terms of the overall performance of Parc, it is important to remember that although there are challenges, which were addressed in the urgent question yesterday, Parc is rated as performing well and its contract is performing well.
In the 2022 inspection, it got one measure of “good” and three of “reasonably good.”
There is more to do, and we will continue to work with the prison, but the contract continues to perform well.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Government boast, as they have done just now, about their investment in new body scanners to detect drugs on everyone entering a prison each day, yet a damning report in The Times found that the body scanners at HMP Bedford were not even staffed.
What is the point in spending £100 million on scanners if they are not even used?
Before turning to the substance of the hon.
Lady’s question, may I take this opportunity to wish her a happy birthday? [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”]
It is important to remember that this investment is across the estate.
I was in HMP Wandsworth yesterday seeing the work being done there.
In the context of Bedford, the body scanners were used at appropriate times in an appropriate manner.
If he will make a comparative assessment of the effectiveness of short custodial sentences and sentences served in the community.
Ministry of Justice reoffending statistics show that those serving a sentence of six months or less have a 59% reoffending rate.
For offenders punished with suspended sentences or community orders, the reoffending rate is 24%.
The Department’s 2019 analysis of a matched cohort of over 30,000 offenders showed lower reoffending rates for those serving sentences in the community when compared with immediate custody of less than 12 months, avoiding tens of thousands of potential crimes.
I agree with the Bishop of Gloucester that community payback schemes are often far more appropriate than short-term custodial sentences, particularly for women prisoners.
If my hon.
Friend agrees with that, does he also agree that we could expand the range of community payback activity to include, for example, helping at good local charities such as the Nelson Trust and the Family Haven, and, especially during this summer season of litter picking across the country, keeping Britain tidy?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that sensible question.
I agree that community payback offers offenders an opportunity to make visible reparations to their local communities, with millions of hours being delivered each year.