I am pleased to say that in 2023 we recruited an additional 1,600 officers and, just as importantly, the resignation rate is coming down, from 10.5% to 8.5%.
That is really positive.
On my hon.
Friend’s point about retirement, it is worth knowing that the employee contribution rate to pensions for prison officers is one of the most competitive in the public sector.
That is exactly as it should be.
On the specific point of retirement age, I will be happy to discuss that with her further.
Whether he has had recent discussions with Cabinet colleagues on the use of non-disclosure agreements in sexual assault, harassment and misconduct cases.
It is important to flag at the outset that confidentiality clauses are only ever used in the civil context, rather than the criminal.
With that in mind, we are tabling an amendment to the Victims and Prisoners Bill to make any non-disclosure agreement void if it purports to restrict the right of an individual to report the same act to the police or to access any kind of medical or therapeutic support—a move that has been welcomed by many, including the Law Society and the Bar Council.
Thousands of people are silenced due to non-disclosure agreements and gagging clauses in cases of alleged sexual violence, bullying and harassment.
The Legal Services Board has reported that signatories of NDAs suffer devastating impacts due to fear of retribution.
Pregnant Then Screwed has said that an estimated 435,295 mothers have been gagged by an NDA or confidentiality clause.
The Bill tabled by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Oxford West and Abingdon (Layla Moran)  would end the misuse of NDAs in the workplace.
Why are the Government so hesitant about supporting a statutory ban?
As someone who spent more than a decade practising as an employment lawyer, I can tell the hon.
Lady that there is a role for the confidentiality clause in any kind of compromise agreement when both sides resolve their dispute without going to court, and without admission of liability or any finding of liability on either side.
We recognise that when they are used in their most extreme form, particularly in the most high-profile sexual harassment claims, victims have told us that they felt they could not go to the police or access counselling.
We have righted that wrong.
However, I will stand up for confidentiality clauses, and I want to correct slightly the hon.
Lady’s point: they are only really encountered where there is a dispute concerning the Equality Act 2010.
That needs to be immediately contextualised—it applies only in employment, education and in the provision of goods and services.
We have taken the same step in relation to students through the Higher Education (Freedom of Speech) Act 2023.
What steps he is taking to reduce reoffending.
Reducing reoffending is a core mission of these Ministers and this Government.
That is why we have prioritised accommodation for prison leavers and why we have invested heavily in employment, with prison employment leads and employment hubs in every resettlement prison.
Crucially, the plan is working: in the two years to March 2023, the proportion of prison leavers in employment six months post release more than doubled.
Clearly, providing safe and secure accommodation for ex-offenders when they leave prison is the first and most important part of getting them on the path to rebuilding their lives.
What action is my right hon.
and learned Friend taking to ensure that that happens, so that people are not tempted to reoffend?
No one in this House has done more than my hon.
Friend to look after the plight of people who are homeless or at risk of homelessness.
I am proud to say that the proportion of offenders in homes for their first night post release is 86%.
That is because we have rolled out 12 weeks of guaranteed community accommodation.