Recently, a man who killed a stranger in the street was given 25 years, but simultaneously, on the same day, someone who cut his wife up into hundreds of pieces and disposed of the parts in a river was given a sentence starting at only 15 years.
The Wade review recognised the terrible disparity between domestic murders and non-domestic murders, and called for that disparity to be corrected.
Will the Secretary of State now tell us when he is going to reply to the Wade review?
I hope that he will take due account of it and will equal up the sentences so that people who are guilty of domestic murders pay the same penalty as those who kill someone in the street.
In response to the Wade review, we have increased sentences by introducing statutory aggravating factors for murders that are preceded by controlling or coercive behaviour, that involve overkill or that are connected with the end of a relationship.
We have also consulted publicly on sentencing starting points for murders preceded by controlling or coercive behaviour and for murders committed with a knife or other weapon.
The Government are carefully considering the responses to the consultation and will publish their response in due course.
The urgent notification issued last week to Wandsworth Prison raised the same issues found at HMP Bedford six months ago.
Both revealed a horror show of violence and overcrowding in filthy environments, with horrendous levels of self-harm and drug misuse.
The staff try their best but lack experience.
Does the Minister accept that it is his Government’s funding cuts and policy failures that have delivered a broken justice system that offers little hope of reform for prisoners or protection for victims?
No, I do not accept the premise of the hon.
Gentleman’s question, which may not surprise him.
In respect of Bedford Prison, which he and I have spoken about, we continue to put the investment into both staff and the prison to make progress following that urgent notification.
A constituent recently attended my surgery in Bishop Auckland to disclose her serious concerns about poor communications from both the Children and Family Court Advisory and Support Service and the family court-appointed children’s guardian in her case.
This is an extremely distressing time for her and her family, so good communication is surely key.
How can the Minister ensure that my constituents will receive the support and advice they need in a timely fashion?
I thank my hon.
Friend for being so assiduous in raising this important matter on behalf of her constituents.
We are investing heavily in the family system to deal with precisely these issues.
If something has gone wrong in that specific case, perhaps she will be kind enough to come to see me so that we can discuss it further.
There are 2,796 prisoners with indeterminate sentences for public protection languishing in our prisons, 705 of whom are 10 years over their original tariff and 112 of whom had a tariff of less than two years and are now over tariff by 15 years or more.
The MOJ’s refreshed IPP action plan clearly is not working, so what does the Secretary of State plan to do to fix this dire situation?
The total number of IPPs is slightly higher than that but, looking into the data, the really significant factor is that, whereas there were some 6,000 IPP prisoners in 2012, the number who have not been released is down to around 1,200.
Our action plan tries to address that.
Our reforms are designed to ensure that, when IPP prisoners are released, they do not face a licence period of 10 years, which can lead to them being recalled at any time.
Reducing it to three years is a humane and sensible way of trying to erase this stain on the conscience of our justice system.