Friend to look after the plight of people who are homeless or at risk of homelessness.
I am proud to say that the proportion of offenders in homes for their first night post release is 86%.
That is because we have rolled out 12 weeks of guaranteed community accommodation.
I went to Luton and Dunstable and spoke to a probation officer who had worked there for 30 years, and he said that was the single most significant policy roll-out of his entire career.
It is critical to ensure that prisoners and ex-offenders can be rehabilitated.
Does the Secretary of State agree that reoffending rates would reduce further if we had a more concentrated attack on the illicit substances that continue to go into prisons, as well as the massive use of prescription drugs, which many people in prisons tell me are causing problems for people close to release?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an excellent point, and he is right.
The reoffending rate is worth focusing on: in 2010 it was around 31%, and now it is 25%.
The reason for that is a combination of focusing on accommodation, as we have just discussed, and employment so that people have a stake in society, as well as tackling substance abuse.
We are looking at technology with great focus, to ensure that people can be treated for their substance addition on the inside by the very clinicians who will treat them on the outside.
That continuity is vital to get them off drugs and rehabilitate them.
If he will make an assessment of the adequacy of support available to jurors who have been adversely affected by sitting on a jury.
Juries are a vital part of our criminal justice system, and jury service is an important civic duty.
We want to do everything we can to help jurors feel supported as they undertake that important role, which is why the Government have announced our intention to test counselling sessions for jurors who suffer mental and emotional strain following a trial.
That pilot will commence in 15 courts this summer.
Currently, jurors dealing with extremely violent crimes, witnessing ever-increasingly sophisticated and graphic material, often feel that they do not have sufficient aftercare to deal with their experiences.
They are advised to seek counselling only with their GP or the Samaritans.
What discussions has the Minister had on increasing the amount of post-trial support for jurors when they have faced potentially traumatic levels of stress as a result of their experience?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question, which is extremely relevant.
As she can imagine, there have been extensive discussions between the Department and the judiciary about this.
The senior presiding judge has approved the test sites for the pilot that I have just discussed.
Support of the type that we are providing in the pilot has not been provided before, so the pilot itself will inform an essential part of the judgment we make on whether and how we can carry on.
What recent assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of legal aid provision for immigration cases.
Access to legal aid matters.
We have taken action to broaden access in immigration and asylum cases by: uplifting fees for work done under the Illegal Migration Act 2023, when it commences; providing up to £1.4 million this year for accreditation and re-accreditation of senior caseworkers conducting legal aid work; allowing detained duty advice scheme providers to give guidance remotely, where appropriate; and introducing payment for travel time between immigration removal centres and detained duty advice scheme surgeries.
The Bar Council of England and Wales has submitted its grave concerns to the Ministry of Justice’s review of civil legal aid, citing that it is
“not sustainable in its current form”
and that it has significant concern
“in relation to future availability of counsel”
in immigration and asylum cases.