All those things are moving towards getting more people into work, which is good for their health.
In Barrow and Furness, an estimated 4,000 people who could be contributing to the labour market are not doing so.
I am incredibly grateful to my right hon.
Friend and his team, in the Barrow jobcentre and centrally, who, alongside Team Barrow, have worked with local employers and skills providers to help get those people back into our incredibly tight labour market.
Will he pass my thanks on to those teams?
May I also encourage him to visit to see their good work?
I thank my hon.
Friend for highlighting all the good work that has gone on in his constituency.
I believe he opened a jobcentre only as recently as  30 January  in his constituency.
He is a doughty campaigner for and supporter of employment in his patch.
He asks whether I will visit his constituency.
I would certainly like to consider that, but my hon.
Friend the Employment Minister might also visit, because she just said she was particularly keen to do so.
There we are.
Burnley and Padiham has so much going for it—with the rest of Lancashire, our area is the manufacturing powerhouse of the United Kingdom—but still has stubborn levels of economic inactivity among people who could be contributing to economic growth and having financial security, which we all want them to have.
What more can we do to help those people?
In particular, can my right hon.
Friend do more to join up with other Departments so that areas such as Burnley, which might have structural problems, get more intensive support?
My hon.
Friend asks what approach we can take to resolve the issues that he has raised.
We have announced a doubling of universal support, a scheme with which he will be familiar; WorkWell, to which I just referred, bringing together medical support and work coaches; and reform of the fit note system so that we get involved earlier in the journey that many people  experience when they fall out of the workforce into longer-term sickness and disability benefits.
Overall, the evidence is clear: economic inactivity is down by 268,000 on the year, and by more than a third of a million since its peak during the pandemic—a 52% reduction.
What estimate he has made of the number of jobs provided by businesses in Witham constituency.
The Office for National Statistics estimates that 36,000 jobs were provided by employers in Witham in 2022.
As it is Apprenticeship Week, will the Secretary of State join me in thanking businesses in Witham for everything that they are doing to employ youngsters and put them on that apprenticeship pathway?
Those businesses, however, are crying out for a labour market strategy that will help them to harness the skills and the upskilling that they need in certain sectors.
Would the Secretary of State be prepared to advance that, and push it, across other Departments?
I congratulate my right hon.
Friend on the extraordinary work that she does locally to promote apprenticeships.
I believe she was involved in a jobs fair on  24 January , hosted by Reed, which was highly successful.
The employment rate in her constituency is 81%, well above the national average, which I put down almost entirely to the work that she is doing.
She asked how we would proceed.
We already have swaps, bootcamps and returnerships, but I am indeed looking at specific areas of the labour market, particularly in the context of migration changes, where we may be able to do more on a strategic basis.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential cost of restoring parity in the level of state pension received by UK citizens living overseas.