I hope the Secretary of State will take a strategic view and make hard choices on Iran, because, whether we like it or not, it is coming.
My right hon.
Friend makes the excellent point that Iran is behind all this.
Iran is behind Hamas, Hezbollah, the Houthis and the IRGC-aligned militia that we have seen attack not just American troops—I often hear it is American personnel have been attacked 160 separate times in Syria and Iraq, but in fact about a third of those occasions involved British troops as well.
On every occasion, Iran is behind all of this.
I absolutely agree with my right hon.
Friend and we are working hard to pressurise Iran into realising that its current approach can do no good at all and will destabilise the region, which it claims it does not want to do.
Let me first make the point that a direct attack on Iran would be insanity; the region would be provoked and others would be dragged into it.
I understand why the Government are saying that it is wise “to not over-link” Houthis strikes with Gaza, but the reality is that the middle east region is on the edge of conflagration as a result of the war that is going on and the attacks on Gaza.
The priority must therefore be to secure peace in Gaza.
We have a limited role in that, but we know that Netanyahu would secure peace if pressurised to do so by the American Government, because realistically they are the only power that can influence him and Israeli strategy.
What further talks have taken place with the Biden Government to ensure that they exercise the maximum pressure on Netanyahu to get to that peace negotiating table?
The right hon.
Gentleman will be aware, I hope, that the UK and the US work very closely on this.
I was in the States last week.
I met Blinken, Lloyd Austin and others to discuss exactly the points that the right hon.
Gentleman raises about how we bring together a solution that not only provides, ultimately, the Palestinian state for the Palestinian people, but security guarantees for Israel.
It is also important to realise that we are working closely in a number of different spheres, including on the Lebanese border, where we are working hard to try to prevent a further conflict there.
We should remember that 125,000 Israelis have had to move from that border because of the activity of Lebanese Hezbollah.
We are working with the Lebanese Government.
I saw the Yemeni Defence Minister yesterday, and we discussed how to prevent that conflict from becoming part of this, too.
The Government are pulling every single possible diplomatic lever in what is clearly a very complex position.
The Defence Secretary is right that this mission must continue to stand up and defend international laws in the Red sea, but the mission to remove the Houthi threat and keep the Red sea safe could last months, and it is not sustainable to continue tasking Typhoons from Cyprus for each mission or subsequent future threats.
Will the Defence Secretary therefore agree that there is a case for an urgent operational requirement to upgrade the Type-45 destroyers, given the continued inability of their vertical launch systems to strike targets at range inland?
I know that my right hon.
Friend takes a huge interest in this matter, and he will be interested to hear that on Friday I was on HMS Somerset in Devonport, where they are fitting a surface-to-surface system, which may or may not be appropriate in this particular type of conflict.
I want to take issue with one thing.
We are in a coalition here, working with the US and others.
As we have demonstrated repeatedly, there is no issue with Typhoons flying a long distance.
Indeed, when America carried out their unrelated attacks for Tower 22, they flew all the way from the United States.