Friend asks a good question that has not yet been asked.
The answer is yes.
We are looking carefully, and the locations chosen on this occasion were indeed from a combination of US and UK intelligence.
The Government are right to have this strong response for what may seem to many to be a faraway war or incident, but which could impact so much on people’s lives here in the United Kingdom, through food shortages, supply chain disruption and inflation.
Given the reports about shortages of Royal Navy personnel, the difficulty with munitions, the difficulties with some ships and now the increased demands on the Navy because of tensions with China and Russia—maybe even Argentina in future—will the Secretary of State assure us that we have the capability to play our part in keeping supply chains open?
What discussions has he had with other allies to get them involved in the task of supporting us in this job?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right about the importance of trade.
Some 90% of our goods come to this country via the sea, so it really matters to the United Kingdom, but it matters to the whole world.
He mentions personnel, munitions and so on, as have one or two other Members.
In my time as Defence Secretary, I have not been unable to deploy exactly where I have needed to, for example at the request of NATO when we deployed to Kosovo—they have returned home now—or for this conflict in the middle east, where we have needed to carry out the actions that we are discussing.
On each occasion, those have been available.
I previously mentioned a £288 billion 10-year programme on equipment and the success in recruiting more personnel.
I encourage other countries to match our defence budget, which is comfortably above 2% of GDP and heading up to 2.5%—the sooner they do that, the better.
I fully support the Government’s action in the Red sea.
The irony of the Iranian regime accusing us of destabilising the region through our actions will not be lost on reasonable people.
Does the Secretary of State agree that those demonstrators on the streets of London applauding what the Houthi rebels have been doing are at best useful idiots and at worst truly the enemy within?
I use my own language, but it is disgraceful to see people go out and support those who are indiscriminately firing at merchant ships—that is absolutely appalling.
I will not repeat my hon.
Friend’s language; I will put that support down to ignorance rather than anything else.
The Secretary of State is rightly clear about breaches of international law by the Houthis in the Red sea.
Can he be equally clear about breaches of international law by all sides in Gaza?
Does he think it will help reduce hostilities across the middle east if the Government can build a broader international coalition in support of their diplomatic and military aims?
The United Kingdom Government always want international humanitarian law to be adhered to, and we make that point repeatedly to every side in this conflict.
I think the hon.
Gentleman is driving at Israel.
To answer his question directly, Israel is included.
Hamas could end the conflict very quickly if they release the hostages that they have kidnapped and cease firing on Israel.
On the wider coalitions, I described how New Zealand is now on board with the military action, but I should mention that 20-plus countries are involved in Operation Prosperity Guardian, and the EU has formed an additional operation, which we welcome.
Further to the question from my hon.