The truth is that we cannot ignore the importance of these great waterways for shipping.
That is the reason the world backs the United Nations convention on the law of the sea.
It is the reason New Zealand has joined the UK, the US, Australia, Canada, Bahrain, Denmark and the Netherlands in providing support to this weekend’s air strikes.
As an island nation, we have always appreciated freedom of navigation and the fact that it is intrinsic to our way of life.
If we do not deal with these threats, every nation will be poorer.
I commend this statement to the House.
I thank the Defence Secretary for the advance copy of his statement.
We back the UK-US airstrikes that took place at the weekend to protect shipping in the Red sea.
We know that the strikes were carried out against Houthi command centres and weapons stores.
We accept that they were limited, necessary and targeted to minimise the risk of civilian casualties.
The Houthis are attacking the ships of many nations, threatening maritime security and international trade, and putting civilian and military lives in serious danger.
That is why the UN Security Council passed last month a resolution condemning Houthi actions in the strongest possible terms and demanding that their attacks stop.
We accept that the strikes we justified, but will the Defence Secretary confirm that they were also effective?
Were the targets selected the targets hit?
Was the purpose of destroying the drone control centres at As-Salif and Al-Munirah fully achieved?
Ministers have said that the aims of the strikes are, first, to deter Houthi attacks, and secondly, to degrade their capabilities.
The first aim has not yet succeeded, as Houthi attacks continue, but is the fact that those attacks are now less sophisticated and more sporadic a sign that the second aim may be succeeding?
This is the third UK-US strike in the past three weeks.
At what stage do three one-off strikes become a sustained campaign?
If this does develop into continuing military action, at what stage will the Government give Parliament a say?
Before I turn to the wider role of UK forces in the Red sea, let me make this point: it is the Prime Minister who should be making this statement to the House, just as he did after the two previous UK strikes on Houthi targets.
It is the Prime Minister’s responsibility to authorise such UK military action in the name of the Cabinet, advised by others, of course, including and especially the Defence Secretary.
The Government risk downgrading respect for the convention that, having given the go-ahead for such action, it is the Prime Minister who then reports directly to this House.
We also back the leading role of the Royal Navy in the continuing defence of shipping from all nations in the Red sea.
What action are the Government taking to persuade other countries to join the Prosperity Guardian protection force?
How long does the Defence Secretary expect Operation Prosperity Guardian to be needed?
How will the EU’s new maritime mission to the Red sea co-ordinate operations with Prosperity Guardian?
Two weeks ago, I asked the Defence Secretary if a UK carrier was ready to deploy to the Red sea.
We now know that HMS Queen Elizabeth has serious problems, so does the UK still have the option of sending a carrier to the Red sea if required, and if so, when?
Military action on its own cannot solve the problems in the region.
What is the Government’s diplomatic action to pressure the Houthis to cease their attacks and settle the civil war in Yemen, and to pressure Iran to stop supplying weapons and intelligence to the Houthis?
Finally, like the Defence Secretary, I totally reject the Houthi claims that firing missiles and drones at ships from around the world is somehow linked to the conflict in Gaza.