The hon.
Gentleman’s was last week, wasn’t it?
I do indeed celebrate the work of the Kendal jobcentre.
It does a fantastic job but one problem is that it has too small a workforce.
This week we mourn the loss of yet another Lake District business, this time a bistro in Coniston, due in part to the loss of affordable homes and to restrictive visa rules, both of which are shrinking our local workforce.
Will the Minister meet me and local Cumbrian business leaders to develop a plan to tackle Cumbria’s workforce crisis?
I am happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman, but I also gently say that this is about other Government Departments as well.
I will certainly work with him as far as employers go, under my remit.
Speaking to Stockport jobcentre last week, I heard about the success of the movement to work scheme, which places young people with employers, including in the civil service.
However, the lengthy civil service application process is delaying placements.
Will my hon.
Friend look into how the process could be streamlined and accelerated, and join me on a visit to Stockport jobcentre?
I know that senior civil servants are engaged in piloting an initiative that will help to speed this up, because we need to place those candidates more quickly and ensure that we get them into work swiftly.
I would love to visit Stockport and add its jobcentre to the growing list that I have visited.
I put on record my thanks to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hexham (Guy Opperman)  for his work to establish the Jobcentre Plus Facebook pages, of which Darlington’s was the first.
Will my hon.
Friend the Minister outline how successful that page has been and what further plans she has to develop accessible social media job advertising?
We know that social media helps, and that 40 to 50-year-olds in particular enjoy engaging with a digital platform when they are looking for work.
We have had instances in the past of people thanking us when they have been given interviews online.
It is important that posts are accessible and we are working to ensure that this is the case.
I would point customers of any age to the JobHelp website, which has a host of useful information.
I am keen to see if we can roll out such progress further.
I do find that a strange grouping, but not to worry, Minister.
Well dealt with!
How you got from Cumbria across the country like that is amazing.
What steps he is taking to help ensure workplaces are accessible for autistic people.
Autistic people have a huge amount to offer in the workforce, which is why we set up the Buckland review in April 2023, led by my right hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for South Swindon (Sir Robert Buckland) , to look at the barriers to autistic people gaining employment and to ensure that we have a more inclusive workforce for them.
May I push the Minister on what progress has been made by the Buckland review?
Will he also remind jobcentres up and down the country that people on the autism spectrum have great talents and often need only slight workplace modifications of simple things such as lighting or noise levels?
This could open up a source of real talent for our country.
The hon.
Gentleman is entirely right.
Small changes can often make a big difference, not just for autistic people but for the businesses they go on to serve and work in.
He will have to be a little more patient about the Buckland review report coming out, but it will not be long.
I also point him to the Access to Work and Disability Confident approaches, which both do exactly what he suggests.