I direct him to the gov.uk website, where there is a plethora of information for young people and those of all ages about saving and what the Government are doing to assist.
The good news is that Mrs Shannon is still giving him advice.
I call the shadow Minister.
One of the simplest ways to get people saving for the future is by ensuring that they are enrolled in a pension scheme, but all too many are currently excluded from auto-enrolment, particularly women, who are twice as likely to miss out.
The Government have known about this problem for years.
They first proposed widening the criteria in 2017.
Last year, thanks to a private Member’s Bill, the Minister was given the power to do just that, but still we have seen no update on when this will be implemented.
Can the Secretary of State shed light on when these vital changes will take place?
The hon.
Lady draws attention to savings for women.
I have already stated that 40% of women invested in workplace pensions back in 2012, and that has skyrocketed to 86% today.
There are now 2.3 million employers providing pensions through the auto-enrolment route, and there is £29 billion more in workplace pensions in 2024 than was the case in 2012.
The hon.
Lady refers, I think, to the 2017 review, which I have already referred to.
That is currently under review.
What steps his Department is taking to help people with long-term sickness into work.
This Government have a range of initiatives to support disabled people and people with long-term sickness to start, stay and succeed in work.
At the autumn statement, we built on that by expanding universal support, launching WorkWell pilots and establishing work on the reform of the fit note.
My hon.
Friend will know about the excellent work being done by people such as my Maltby constituent, Ian Birch, and all his colleagues at Reed in Partnership across the whole of Rotherham.
They use DWP funding to help those with long-term issues of sickness and illness to get back into work and on their feet.
What is her Department doing to make sure that those who go through these programmes stay in work permanently and contribute to the local economy?
I thank my hon.
Friend for highlighting the value of our local DWP programmes.
In Rother Valley, the Reed in Partnership approach has given vital support to his constituents, helping them into work.
It is vital to keep supporting them to remain there, and that is where that particular programme helps.
Access to Work and our Disability Confident scheme are just some of the initiatives to support disabled people and those with health conditions while in employment.
Half the women surveyed with endometriosis had to take time off work often or very often because of their condition, and one in six women had to give up work altogether.
Will the Minister meet the incredible women from Endometriosis Support Hull and East Yorkshire to discuss the work they are doing with the local trade unions to create a best practice charter for employers in Hull to support women with endometriosis in the workplace?
I was in Aberdeen on Thursday meeting women with health conditions and hearing about how we can better support women who are having debilitating impacts from the menopause.
That was in the oil and gas sector, where it takes a long time to build up to a senior career.
I would be interested to hear about the work that the hon.
Lady’s local team are doing.
Through the wider women’s health strategy, we are supporting women to have a thriving career all the way through.
I am keen to hear from her and those women, and to support the women to stay in work.
What assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the Child Maintenance Service in collecting child maintenance payments.