We are in a coalition here, working with the US and others.
As we have demonstrated repeatedly, there is no issue with Typhoons flying a long distance.
Indeed, when America carried out their unrelated attacks for Tower 22, they flew all the way from the United States.
Flying a long distance is no sign that the capability is not there in itself.
Will the Secretary of State please have another go at giving a better answer to the question from  the hon.
Member for Oxford West and Abingdon (Layla Moran)  about the extremely serious report in today’s Financial Times that two of Britain’s main banks are indirectly helping to fund the Houthis, with whom we are now in some sort of conflict?
The right hon.
Gentleman will have heard my answer a moment ago.
I know that he wants me to go into further detail, but I am unable to do that at the Dispatch Box right now.
We have noted both the question and the article of this morning.
We are also intensely engaged in finding the best way to ensure that Iranian influence, whether through the UK or in the region, is limited.
I do not think I can go further at this moment.
The Houthi rebels are violent extremist antisemites, and it is right that we take action to combat their aggression in the Red sea.
It seems that there is success in degrading their capabilities.
Is the Secretary of State confident that we will get to the point where we can stop the attacks altogether?
I think the clock is running down for the Houthis, in as much as their ability is being degraded, as my right hon.
Friend points out—they do not have the eyes and ears from the radar stations; they are more reliant still on Iran, and only the UK and the US have done interdictions of their weapons.
There is a limitation to this.
None the less, we still think that would continue, if they choose to, even at that lower level, but it is important that they cease and stop this.
We are putting pressure on, as I have described, through every possible means, including very extensive talks that I had yesterday in Saudi Arabia with various different people, including not just the Saudis but the Yemenis themselves.
Will the Secretary of State confirm what the long-term strategy is and how it relates to the ongoing precarious situation in Yemen?
Do the Government plan to commit to sustained military action?
If so, surely it is only right for Parliament to have its say in the appropriate way.
This is the third time that we have come to Parliament and made a statement—I know that the hon.
Lady has made other contributions to the debate—so we do feel that Parliament is being fully engaged in the process.
We are not looking to make this a sustained, long-term military action.
Indeed, I can guarantee for the House that if the Houthis stop, we will have absolutely no requirement again to drop munitions on them.
But it is a fact that they are the ones interrupting international maritime activity, and we cannot stand by and allow that to happen.
The Defence Secretary cannot comment specifically on target acquisition, but will he please confirm to the House that our intelligence, surveillance, target acquisition and reconnaissance is focused on those Houthi capabilities directly engaged in the attacks on international shipping?
Is it reasonable to assume that further degradation of those capabilities will result in increased security in the Red sea?
My hon.
Friend asks a good question that has not yet been asked.
The answer is yes.
We are looking carefully, and the locations chosen on this occasion were indeed from a combination of US and UK intelligence.