Small changes can often make a big difference, not just for autistic people but for the businesses they go on to serve and work in.
He will have to be a little more patient about the Buckland review report coming out, but it will not be long.
I also point him to the Access to Work and Disability Confident approaches, which both do exactly what he suggests.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential impact of the number of people who are not eligible for statutory sick pay because they are paid less than the lower earnings limit on levels of inequality in Stoke-on-Trent North constituency.
The Department has not made a specific assessment for the Stoke-on-Trent North constituency, but I refer my hon.
Friend to the evidence I presented to the Work and Pensions Committee last week.
I look forward to meeting him this week to discuss this in more detail.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for her answer.
I am proud to have joined a campaign, together with my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Witham (Priti Patel)  and  the hon.
Member for Glasgow East (David Linden) , to reform statutory sick pay.
That campaign, led by the Centre for Progressive Change, was referenced in today’s Times Health Commission report.
Ahead of the spring Budget, will the Department join us in lobbying the Treasury to make these important changes, so that we have a healthier workforce that contributes more to our economy and, more importantly, so that we make sure that work pays fairly?
I refer my hon.
Friend to the answers I gave to the Work and Pensions Committee.
Statutory sick pay is considerably more complex than he makes out, but it is nice to see all this cross-party collaboration.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
The Department has been busy supporting the most vulnerable, with the third instalment of the £900 cost of living payments starting to reach the bank accounts of 8 million low-income households tomorrow.
We are also on the verge of publishing our disability action plan.
We have seen economic inactivity decrease by 330,000 since its peak during the pandemic.
I have made it a priority for my Department to engage across Parliament.
As Secretary of State, I appeared before the Work and Pensions Committee in December.
The pensions Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Blackpool North and Cleveleys (Paul Maynard) , appeared before the Committee on  10 January ; the Minister for Employment, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bury St Edmunds (Jo Churchill) , appeared before the Committee on  31 January ; and I believe the Minister for Disabled People, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mid Sussex (Mims Davies) , and Viscount Younger, our Lords Minister, will appear before it next month.
There will be a statement on the disability action plan this afternoon.
Lambeth Council and Southwark Council have worked hard over the past few years to deliver targeted cost of living support through the household support fund.
Many local people continue to face serious hardship as a consequence of this Government’s political decisions, but local authorities do not know what, if any, funding they will receive after  31 March .
When does the Secretary of State expect to confirm the future of the household support fund, so that local authorities can plan ahead?
I am pleased that the hon.
Lady recognises the importance and value of our various interventions.
Ten million payments have been made through the HSF since its inception, and £1 billion has been put into the fund in the last year.
She will know that her question is a matter for the Chancellor, and the matter will quite possibly—I really do not know—be dealt with at a future fiscal event.
There is no news on that at this stage.