Friend outline the work that the Department for Work and Pensions is doing to ensure that local people have every opportunity to work on the project and acquire the necessary skills?
Like my hon.
Friend, I am excited about the jobs and opportunities at Sizewell.
Local jobcentres have been engaged with Sizewell C, and I understand that a local partnership manager will be designated to promote opportunities, and to find people for 1,500 apprenticeships and thousands of jobs.
We will invest in local skills through sector-based work programmes and the like.
I call the spokesperson for the Scottish National party.
Last month, a report by the pension provider Royal London showed that women lose, on average, £92,000 as a result of juggling part-time work and childcare.
What are the Government going to do about that?
As the hon.
Gentleman will have heard earlier, the proportion of women saving for their pensions has gone from 40% 10 years ago to 89% now.
People with disabilities often take on voluntary roles, as there can be societal barriers to gaining employment.
My constituent Philippa has a son with Down’s syndrome who volunteers, providing much-valued music workshops for local children.
How can the Minister ensure that the work of people with disabilities is properly recognised in the workplace?
I congratulate Philippa’s son on the very good work that he does.
We have disability employment advisers in our jobcentres.
I am visiting my hon.
Friend’s constituency later this week; I know that he has been involved in the Denbighshire project, including the We Mind the Gap programme for young people, and I will be interested to discuss that and other matters.
Fife Gingerbread, based in my constituency, contacted me to point out that most of the provisions in the Child Support Collection (Domestic Abuse) Act 2023, which was unanimously agreed by the House and received Royal Assent at the end of June last year, have still not been brought into force.
That means that far too many vulnerable people who want to make a claim through the Child Maintenance Service find that abusive ex-partners use it to control their behaviour.
Why is it taking so long to put in place the measures in the Act?
I can confirm to the hon.
Gentleman that the Child Maintenance Service has a domestic abuse plan to ensure that parents are not placed in danger as a consequence of any suggestion of domestic violence; for example, it has a centralised sort code to limit the risk of parental involvement.
I wish to place on record my thanks to the Secretary of State for helping to guide my private Member’s Bill through Parliament.
It lowers the pension auto-enrolment age from 22 to 18, and abolishes the lower earnings threshold.
Briefly, has the Secretary of State received reassurances from the Chancellor that the necessary forms will be implemented in the spring Budget?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question.
Those matters are under active consideration.
Given that the Secretary of State has just said that the continuation of the household support fund after the end of March is up to the Chancellor, and given that, last week, we had the support of all parties in Westminster Hall for  the continuation of this vital fund, will he assure the House that the subject is a top priority in his negotiations with the Chancellor?
The specifics of my negotiations with the Treasury remain between me and the Treasury.
As I have said, the any of those decisions on the HSF are matters for the Treasury.
In 2005, the DWP failed to make a reasonable decision about targeting information at the women affected by state pension age changes.
The ombudsman ruled that there was maladministration.
These women, in Dudley and around the country, deserve more than just an apology.
Does the Minister accept these findings, and if not, will he explain why not?