She asked how we would proceed.
We already have swaps, bootcamps and returnerships, but I am indeed looking at specific areas of the labour market, particularly in the context of migration changes, where we may be able to do more on a strategic basis.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential cost of restoring parity in the level of state pension received by UK citizens living overseas.
According to the latest estimate, based on data from March 2022, uprating the state pension where we do not currently do so would cost about £0.9 billion a year if all UK state pensions in payment were increased to current UK levels.
Following our withdrawal from the EU, we are rightly able to move closer to our partners in the Commonwealth.
One way in which we could do that would be to confirm that all British citizens who live in the Commonwealth should be entitled to the appropriate uprating of their state pensions as if they were still in the UK.
That would seem to be a matter of simple fairness.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the practicalities of making it happen, and restoring some much-needed common sense to a needlessly complicated situation?
The UK Government continue to uprate state pensions when there is a legal requirement for that to be done, and have no plans to change their long-standing policy or enter into new reciprocal social security agreements.
If he will take steps to simplify the benefits claims process for cancer patients.
Understandably, such a health diagnosis can be a shock for individuals, their families and, indeed, their finances—and I am conscious of saying this just after World Cancer Day.
It is important to ensure that people have the right support as soon as possible, and as part of our reforms we will simplify the system to reduce the assessment burden and improve people’s experiences of assessments.
I thank the Minister for her response, but those changes cannot come too soon for my constituent Emily, who was diagnosed with breast cancer in November, is too ill to work, and is finding the benefits system impossible to navigate.
DWP officials have pushed her from pillar to post, unable to decide whether she is eligible for employment and support allowance and universal credit.
She has been forced to fill in countless forms, and was even required to attend a jobcentre appointment over Christmas, despite being seriously unwell.
Does the Minister agree this is simply not good enough, and that we need to put those changes in place so that people like Emily do not have to go through this?
I am sorry to hear about Emily’s situation.
I would remind others in her situation that there is a help to claim service available through Citizens Advice and also a benefits calculator on gov.uk, but I would also be extremely keen to see the details of what has happened.
I would be happy to meet the hon.
Lady or to look at the details, whatever she would prefer.
What steps he plans to take to increase levels of employment in Cumbria.
What steps his Department is taking to expand the support available through jobcentres in Cheadle constituency.
What steps he is taking to help fill job vacancies in Darlington constituency.
Across the country our fantastic work coaches are supporting people to secure and progress in work.
In Kendal, Cheadle and Darlington, jobcentres are working with local and national employers to match jobseekers with vacancies through job fairs, sector-based work academy programmes and apprenticeships.
As it is National  Apprenticeship Week, this is a great time for employers to promote the opportunities available, and I urge all colleagues who have not yet done so to visit their jobcentre if it has an apprenticeship fair on.
The hon.
Gentleman’s was last week, wasn’t it?
I do indeed celebrate the work of the Kendal jobcentre.