Military action on its own cannot solve the problems in the region.
What is the Government’s diplomatic action to pressure the Houthis to cease their attacks and settle the civil war in Yemen, and to pressure Iran to stop supplying weapons and intelligence to the Houthis?
Finally, like the Defence Secretary, I totally reject the Houthi claims that firing missiles and drones at ships from around the world is somehow linked to the conflict in Gaza.
They have been attacking oil tankers and seizing ships for at least five years—not just for the 121 days since  7 October .
Those attacks do absolutely nothing for the Palestinian people, whose agonies are now extreme.
We want the Gaza fighting to stop now with a humanitarian truce that can build into a sustainable ceasefire, to stop the killing of innocent civilians, get all the remaining hostages out and get much more aid into Gaza.
The UK aid efforts must be accelerated.
Have any more RAF flights taken off since the Defence Secretary was last in this Chamber, and if not, why not?
Finally, for long-term peace, there has to be a political process that can turn the rhetoric around two states living side by side in peace into reality.
The House is united in that UK vision, and I give this commitment from our side: if elected to form the next Government, Labour will lead this new push for peace.
First, I welcome the right hon.
Gentleman’s support for this action.
He asked a series of questions, which I will rattle through.
Were the actions effective?
Yes, they hit the targets.
Were all the targets hit?
Again, yes.
We are still carrying out surveillance to find out the exact impact, but I think we can be very confident that all the relevant objectives were reached.
We combined very closely with our US colleagues, and sometimes interchanged some of those targets with them.
The right hon.
Gentleman will have noted that, on this occasion, we were involved in dropping munitions on more targets than previously, so we carried a slightly greater weight than before.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked whether the action was successful, and rightly pointed out that what we are seeing is rather more sporadic: the attacks, including on HMS Diamond and on merchant shipping, have continued, but in a much more ad hoc fashion.
It is perhaps relevant that there has been no attack using multiple different weapons at the same time, which we saw, for example, on  11 January .
The degrading will have had some impact on that.[Official Report,  6 February 2024 , Vol.
745, c. 3MC.] (
Correction) I will come back to the right hon.
Gentleman’s comments about the Prime Minister at the end—I want to set the record straight.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about Operation Prosperity Guardian.
The simple answer, of course, is that none of us knows how long it will need to continue for, but we want it to come to a conclusion as quickly as possible.
We utterly reject any notion that these continued attacks by the Houthis are anything to do with the situation in Gaza.
The Houthis are opportunist pirates who are using a situation to their benefit: a few years  ago, they did not even support Hamas, but suddenly they want to be their greatest champions.
They are over 2,000 kilometres away from Gaza; they are simply using the situation to their advantage, and it is wise for the House to not over-link the two.
None the less, the right hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to about the need to see a humanitarian truce and a sustainable ceasefire—that is the Government’s policy.
We are working extremely hard to try to achieve that, including through discussions that the Prime Minister, the Foreign Secretary and myself are having.
Just yesterday, I was having those discussions in the middle east.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about RAF flights.