Can she tell the House what the Government are doing to end the need for food banks in the UK?
As I said, the reasons that people use food banks are complex and varied, as all the research indicates.
We offer support through cost of living payments and the household support fund, running to hundreds of millions of pounds.
The rise in the national living wage, the reduction in national insurance and the local housing allowance further help 1.6 million low-income households.
We have a whole of suite of ways to help the very poorest in our society.
Food banks such as the excellent Luton Foodbank have been pushed to breaking point this winter, as more and more people need emergency food due to the Conservatives’ cost of living crisis.
It is shameful that we now have more food banks than police stations.
What conversations has the Minister had with colleagues in the Treasury about introducing measures in next month’s Budget to support low-income working people facing hardship and to reduce the dependence on food banks?
I point the hon.
Lady to the further cost of living payments that will be going out this week to eligible households.
We do not comment on future fiscal announcements.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of the carer’s allowance for people who care for more than one person.
This is a particular area of interest for me as a former carer and as part of a caring family.
It is important that we get the right balance.
The flat weekly rate for the carer’s allowance has never been linked to the number of people being cared for.
The weekly rate will increase to £81.90 from April, which is almost an extra £1,500 a year since 2010.
The hundreds of thousands of carers up and down the country are the unsung heroes of our society, who do a fantastic job.
Whether it is caring for elderly parents with dementia or sacrificing full-time work to care for a disabled child, carers play a critical role, easing the burden on health services.
For most carers, care is a 24/7 job, and they cannot take full-time work because of it.
When will the Government realise that £76, and now even £81.90, is measly and does not scratch the surface of what carers have to put up with and pay for, particularly when many carers are caring for more than one person?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his point, which I appreciate as I have been in that situation of caring for two people.
The primary purpose of the carer’s allowance is to provide a measure of financial support and recognition for people unable to work full time because of their caring responsibilities.
I know there are very strong views on this.
I am looking forward to meeting with Carers UK just after recess—I am afraid I cannot do so before, due to a funeral—and hearing the varying views and how we can continue to support our carers, who in every constituency and community do an amazing job.
Whether his Department is taking steps to reduce the time taken for personal independence payment mandatory reconsideration decisions to be made.
We have reduced clearance times from the peak of 79 days in 2021 to 36 days in October 2023 by improving processes and increasing decision-making capacity.
We will continue to improve efficiency while ensuring effective decision making for all reconsiderations.
In July last year, a constituent was not able to correctly fill out their PIP review form, which led to their payments being stopped.
It took until last Thursday—six months from the mandatory reconsideration going in—for the payments to finally be restored.
Because of the delay, my constituent fell  into debt and became suicidal.
Why are the Government not eliminating the delays that are letting down the most vulnerable constituents?
I am very sorry to hear about the hon.
Lady’s constituent.