The ombudsman ruled that there was maladministration.
These women, in Dudley and around the country, deserve more than just an apology.
Does the Minister accept these findings, and if not, will he explain why not?
The Department is co-operating with the Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman investigation, which is ongoing, and it would not be appropriate to comment on it or the outcome.
My constituent’s universal credit payments have been stopped over Christmas for two years running, because her employer pays her salary early in December.
Why will Ministers not do more to ensure that caseworkers know that they can use the discretion that they have, so that my constituents and others like her have financial certainty at what is a very difficult time of year?
The way that universal credit works means that work coaches can use their flexibility, but if a payment is short one month, the appropriate thing to do is to sort it the next.
In his opening remarks, the Secretary of State mentioned the assessment period for cost of living payments, but people on four-weekly pay schedules miss out on support because they fall foul of the assessment period rules for universal credit.
What assessment have the Government made of the number of people missing out, and what remedy do they have?
Cost of living payments can be affected by when people are paid, and therefore by whether they are on universal credit and qualify at precisely that point.
I do not have the figure to hand that the hon.
Lady requests, but I will of course get back to her with it.
This morning’s report by the Academy of Medical Sciences revealed that our appalling child health and infant mortality rates are worse than those of 60% of  similar countries and is the key driver of child poverty.
What assessment has the Secretary of State undertaken to make on the impact that stopping the household support fund in April will have on relative child poverty and, subsequently, infant mortality?
As the hon.
Lady will know, the number of those in child poverty has decreased by 400,000 since 2010.
We do not yet have a decision on the household support fund, to which she refers, but I point her to the very significant uplift in the local housing allowance, which will give 1.6 million people £800 a year more on average, thereby taking many of them out of poverty.
From unanswered emails to unreturned calls, it has been heartbreaking to hear from so many vulnerable constituents who are in a state of limbo and distress, and trying to chase up personal independence payments.
When will Ministers ensure that people can get the support that they need in a timely and straightforward manner?
If the hon.
Gentleman has specific examples, I would be keen to hear from him and to look into them.
I call the Chair of the Work and Pensions Committee.
Will the Secretary of State point out to the Chancellor that many councils have used the household support fund to pay £3 per day per child during the school holidays to families entitled to free school meals, and that if the fund closes at the end of March, those families will be straight into hardship in the Easter school holidays?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his representation, and indeed would be grateful for any others that he is minded to make to me as we conduct our ongoing review on where we go with the household support fund.
When will the Minister wake up to the fact that working as an apprentice in engineering is a fabulous career choice, and well paid?
Will she come up to Huddersfield to look at Cummins, whose apprentice system is first rate?
I would be delighted to do so on my tour of England.
I could not agree more with the hon.
Gentleman.
My father is an engineer.