I wonder how many we would get from the SNP, with its approach to defence.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his in-depth statement, but there is concern about stretching the Royal Navy.
It is a leading, world-class Navy, but it is suffering from personnel issues in crewing the ships, and responsibility for that lies back at the Treasury providing the revenue streams needed to make sure the capital equipment we have got can be used most effectively.
What representations is my right hon.
Friend making to ensure that the growth in maritime concerns around the world will be met by a commitment from the Treasury?
On a wider armed forces and MOD note, we have £288.6 billion for equipment over the next 10 years.
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right that that has to be matched with the sailors, the airmen and women and the Army able to resource that equipment, and I have some good news for him.
Since we have been talking very actively about these issues, we have seen an eight-year high in applications to the Royal Navy, a six-year high in applications to the Army and a 42% increase between this January and last January in applications to join the Royal Air Force.
I predict we are making progress.
I wonder whether the Secretary of State has seen the front page of the Financial Times today because it outlines how Iran has been using Lloyds and Santander accounts to evade sanctions.
The US is accusing front companies of funding the IRGC with hundreds of millions of dollars and working with Russian intelligence to raise money for Iranian proxies.
I am sure all in this House would be appalled to know that money laundered here in our capital is being used against our own troops by the Houthis, so what assessment have the Government made of those allegations by our ally?
Does that not yet again show that we must proscribe the IRGC now?
This issue is repeatedly raised in the House and the hon.
Lady will know, as she will have heard the responses many times before, that we do not routinely comment on proscription.
It is the case however that we do sanction, and we have sanctioned the entirety of the IRGC already, as well as taken a number of different actions.
She will appreciate that this matter does not come directly within the Defence portfolio, but I know that she will have the opportunity to press Foreign Office and Home Office Ministers at a future time, and we do keep this matter under constant review.
I agree with the Secretary of State and the Government that we do not want to see an escalation in the region and that we want to be proportionate in our response and calibrate our response not to provoke and antagonise, but is it not the case that we might actually be hitting the wrong target—that we are hitting proxies of Iran and, while I believe in peace and diplomacy, the malevolent factor in the region, in all of this, is Iran?
It might be the case that, while we have the best of diplomatic intentions and we do not want to provoke Iran to a major conflict with NATO, the US or the UK, putting off that decision now will cost more lives in the future.
Iran and the regime—not the Iranian people but the regime in Iran—are behind all this.
They are the ones destabilising Israel, the Abraham accords and so on.
I hope the Secretary of State will take a strategic view and make hard choices on Iran, because, whether we like it or not, it is coming.
My right hon.
Friend makes the excellent point that Iran is behind all this.