Ten million payments have been made through the HSF since its inception, and £1 billion has been put into the fund in the last year.
She will know that her question is a matter for the Chancellor, and the matter will quite possibly—I really do not know—be dealt with at a future fiscal event.
There is no news on that at this stage.
Anglesey has an active autism parents’ group, and brilliant coaches like Ryan Gibbs—he runs a “fighting for Autism” class—who work hard to support autistic children and each other.
For parents such as Shelly Rankin Jones and young autistic people such as Becca Pierce, can the Minister update the House on the Buckland review of autism employment?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question, because autism is an issue of great importance to the House and to her personally.
I know about the work that she is doing with Ryan Gibbs, Becca Pierce and Shelly Rankin Jones.
She will know that the Buckland review was instigated in April 2023 and will conclude relatively shortly, with a report being published online.
I look forward to visiting her disability jobs fair in Holyhead at the end of this week.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
This morning the Office for National Statistics published the long-awaited updated figures from the labour market survey.
Can the Secretary of State now confirm that our employment  rate is even lower than previously thought, and that there are at least 200,000 more people out of work due to long-term sickness?
We thought that the cost of health-related inactivity was an additional £15 billion a year since the pandemic, but given these new figures, can he tell the House how much more his Government’s failure is costing taxpayers every single year?
Order.
I remind Front Benchers that this is topical questions, which are meant to be short and punchy, and they should stick to the rules.
Do we understand each other?
The hon.
Lady refers to the latest weighted numbers just released by the Office for National Statistics, which show that unemployment as a percentage is lower than originally forecast.
She cannot get away from the fact that there are 330,000 fewer people in economic inactivity since the peak.
As a result of our work capability assessment reforms, the Office for Budget Responsibility has scored us as having 371,000 fewer people on long-term sickness benefits than would otherwise have been the case.
The former health Minister Lord Bethell says that he is “gobsmacked” by the figures, and that
“the economic hit will be hard”.
The Minister would do well to listen to his words.
Yesterday, the Education Secretary said that the Government cannot guarantee that their promises will be met on childcare, which parents need in order to work.
Today, their Prime Minister admitted that he has failed on NHS waiting lists, which the long-term sick need dealt with if they are to get back to work.
Why does the Secretary of State not do the decent thing and admit that he has failed too, and adopt Labour’s plan to cut waits, roll out breakfast clubs, overhaul jobcentres and get Britain working again?
We are getting Britain working, unlike the Opposition, under whose last Administration unemployment increased, youth unemployment went up by 40%, some 25% more women were unemployed and 1 million people or thereabouts were stuck on long-term benefits for almost a decade.
That was a disgrace.
Sizewell C will provide an enormous number of job opportunities in Suffolk.
Will my right hon.
Friend outline the work that the Department for Work and Pensions is doing to ensure that local people have every opportunity to work on the project and acquire the necessary skills?
Like my hon.
Friend, I am excited about the jobs and opportunities at Sizewell.