What steps his Department is taking to help people save for the future.
What steps his Department is taking to help people save for the future.
Automatic enrolment has succeeded in transforming pension savings, with more than 11 million employees being automatically enrolled in a workplace pension since 2012 and an additional £29 billion in real terms saved into marketplace pensions in 2022 compared with 2012.
I was very pleased when the Government brought in auto-enrolment for pensions in 2012, as making sure that everyone saves for a pension should prevent pension poverty.
What is the rate of take-up of these pensions and what provisions are the Government putting in place to help those on low wages build up a pension pot to help provide a decent income in retirement?
The increase in take-up since 2012 has been extraordinary, particularly among women, for whom the rate was 40% in 2012 and is now 86% and in line with men.
My hon.
Friend will know about the 2017 review that we conducted on auto-enrolment.
As and when we bring in those changes, that will mean 3 million more people auto-enrolled with £2 billion of additional savings each year.
I am chair of the insurance and financial services all-party parliamentary group, and financial inclusion has been one of our key areas of focus, particularly following the pandemic which showed that anybody has the potential to quickly become vulnerable.
What are the Government doing to increase the financial resilience of our constituents and make them best placed to cope should such an unforeseen event happen again?
May I first recognise the fantastic work my hon.
Friend does on financial resilience?
The Government have, through very difficult times, come forward with £104 billion of cost of living payments between 2022 and 2025.
I would point my hon.
Friend to one particular scheme: the help to save scheme encourages low-income households to save and we have recently extended that by 18 months, until April 2025.
I call James Sunderland.
Not here.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
I agree with the Secretary of State about the cross-party success of auto-enrolment, which has doubled the proportion of eligible employees saving for retirement, but we know  that the current regular auto-enrolment contribution of 8% of earnings is not enough to deliver the standard of living in retirement that most people hope for.
Does the Secretary of State recognise that that minimum level of contribution will need to be increased?
The contribution rates of the employer and employee are a very important matter, and we keep both under review.
I call Jim Shannon.
Always here.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
When I was 16, my mother took me to Danske bank—or Northern bank as it was then—and opened an account for me.
When I was 18, my mother phoned up the pension man in Ballywalter and told him I needed a pension.
My mother has been a big guide in my life.
What would the Secretary of State say to encourage the young people of today to take their mother’s advice on opening bank and pension accounts and planning for the future?
I think the response to that is, always take your mother’s advice.
I always did—and look where it got me.
At the age of 16, I would have thought the hon.
Gentleman would have been saving into a piggy bank, putting his little pennies in a porcelain pig.
I direct him to the gov.uk website, where there is a plethora of information for young people and those of all ages about saving and what the Government are doing to assist.
The good news is that Mrs Shannon is still giving him advice.
I call the shadow Minister.