Why are the Government not eliminating the delays that are letting down the most vulnerable constituents?
I am very sorry to hear about the hon.
Lady’s constituent.
Our aim is always to make the right decision as early as possible in the claim journey, and I would be keen to see the full details of that particular situation.
On decisions, it is important to consider the context: 2.9 million initial decisions following an assessment have been made between June 2018 and July 2023; 5% have resulted in a completed tribunal hearing, with 3% overturned.
I would be very keen to see what has happened in the case that the hon.
Lady mentions.
I call the shadow Minister.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Newport East (Jessica Morden)  has just highlighted, the Department is in chaos and that is having a huge impact on claimants’ lives.
As of October, there were 294,000 new personal independence payment claims waiting to be processed, with a further 445,000 claimants awaiting an award review.
As of November, 24,339 people were awaiting Access to Work decisions.
We are talking about hundreds of thousands of disabled people left in financial limbo, with tens of thousands waiting to start work.
What message does the Minister think these huge backlogs send to disabled people, and how does she finally plan to get a grip of them?
I thank the hon.
Lady for making the important point about the numbers.
I agree that behind each of those is somebody we should be concerned about, and I am absolutely looking at this point.
We are continuing to learn from decisions overturned by appeal, and we will continue to make improvements to our decision-making processes to help people to get the correct decision earlier in their claim journey, and to be able to work and have the support where it is needed.
Not everybody on PIP is out of work, so we need to be listening to the needs of the people in those queues.
I am conscious that every one of them is not a statistic but a person who needs our support.
What estimate his Department has made of the cost to the public purse of economic inactivity due to ill health.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce labour inactivity.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce labour inactivity.
There are, of course, significant costs related to an increase in long-term sickness and illness rates in work.
That is why we have our £2.5 billion back to work plan, to help 600,000 disabled people and people with health conditions start and stay in work.
That approach, along with others, has seen economic inactivity reduce by 330,000 since its peak during the pandemic.
NHS waiting lists are currently at 7.8 million, with more than 177,000 people on waiting lists in my own NHS trust area.
When it is this difficult to access medical treatment, it is no surprise that we have a record 2.8 million people out of work due to ill health.
Does the Minister accept that this Government’s failure on the NHS is stymying economic growth, denying people the dignity of work and costing taxpayers billions of pounds?
On NHS waiting lists, there has been progress, in that the two-year waiting lists have almost been entirely dispensed with and those of 18 months have been very substantially reduced.
Our Department recognises that work is part of the solution to improving people’s health, which is why we are putting forward the WorkWell service, bringing together medical input and work coach input; fit note reform to help at an earlier stage of the journey; and the reforms to the work coach assessment.
All those things are moving towards getting more people into work, which is good for their health.
In Barrow and Furness, an estimated 4,000 people who could be contributing to the labour market are not doing so.
I am incredibly grateful to my right hon.