First, I welcome the right hon.
Gentleman’s support for this action.
He asked a series of questions, which I will rattle through.
Were the actions effective?
Yes, they hit the targets.
Were all the targets hit?
Again, yes.
We are still carrying out surveillance to find out the exact impact, but I think we can be very confident that all the relevant objectives were reached.
We combined very closely with our US colleagues, and sometimes interchanged some of those targets with them.
The right hon.
Gentleman will have noted that, on this occasion, we were involved in dropping munitions on more targets than previously, so we carried a slightly greater weight than before.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked whether the action was successful, and rightly pointed out that what we are seeing is rather more sporadic: the attacks, including on HMS Diamond and on merchant shipping, have continued, but in a much more ad hoc fashion.
It is perhaps relevant that there has been no attack using multiple different weapons at the same time, which we saw, for example, on  11 January .
The degrading will have had some impact on that.
I will come back to the right hon.
Gentleman’s comments about the Prime Minister at the end—I want to set the record straight.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about Operation Prosperity Guardian.
The simple answer, of course, is that none of us knows how long it will need to continue for, but we want it to come to a conclusion as quickly as possible.
We utterly reject any notion that these continued attacks by the Houthis are anything to do with the situation in Gaza.
The Houthis are opportunist pirates who are using a situation to their benefit: a few years  ago, they did not even support Hamas, but suddenly they want to be their greatest champions.
They are over 2,000 kilometres away from Gaza; they are simply using the situation to their advantage, and it is wise for the House to not over-link the two.
None the less, the right hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to about the need to see a humanitarian truce and a sustainable ceasefire—that is the Government’s policy.
We are working extremely hard to try to achieve that, including through discussions that the Prime Minister, the Foreign Secretary and myself are having.
Just yesterday, I was having those discussions in the middle east.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about RAF flights.
The issue is not getting the aid to location—I have been working very closely with the Cypriot Government, for example, on how we can increase the amount of aid.
The single biggest problem remains getting the aid into the country.
We had some success with getting Kerem Shalom open, but what we really need to see is Ashdod open, in order to route that aid to Kerem Shalom and straight into Gaza.
The Government and I will continue to push for that route, but the problem is not the flights taking off; it is the aid getting in.
Finally, turning to the fact that it is myself as Defence Secretary standing at the Dispatch Box, rather than the Prime Minister, the first thing to say is that it is the Secretary of State for Defence who actually has legal responsibility for these actions—who signs off the targets and, indeed, the legal authority.
Technically, it is me who should be standing here, other than for the first couple of rounds, where the Prime Minister was dealing with something new and it was therefore very appropriate for him to be at the Dispatch Box.
The wider point that I would gently make to the right hon.
Gentleman, though, is that the Prime Minister is in Northern Ireland today, doing incredibly important work—[Interruption.]
I hear from a sedentary position the suggestion that we should have been recalled yesterday, but I unsure whether that would have been entirely practical.