Friend is talking about are the reason we have been consulting on a public interest test.
On the specific case he raises, if he writes to me I will ensure that the Parliamentary Secretary, Cabinet Office, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Brighton Kemptown and Peacehaven (Chris Ward)  provides him with a response.
My constituent Phil is in the special category mechanism for the 916 people who were inexplicably excluded from the infected blood compensation scheme in February, even though the Government’s expert group said in August last year that they should be compensated.
On  5 June , the Paymaster General said he would consider the compensation arrangements.
I may have missed it—forgive me if I have—but I also asked for a list of conditions that might be included within that.
Does he have an update for me, please?
I am certainly looking at the issue of the special category mechanism, as I undertook to do.
If the hon.
Lady writes to me I can look at the specific list, but I am also hoping, with Mr Speaker’s permission, to update the House on this and other infected blood issues very shortly.
Residents in a housing development in my constituency are facing a number of issues after yet another developer has gone bust.
Parts of the shared communal land have reverted back to the ownership of the Duchy of Cornwall, rather than to the residents themselves, who have to purchase the land back and cover the duchy’s legal costs.
The Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, quite rightly, has Cabinet oversight, but who does the Duchy of Cornwall answer to and what recourse do my constituents now have in this case?
If the hon.
Member writes to me with his constituency case, I will make sure that the Duchy of Cornwall looks at it in due course.
Eastbourne is benefiting from some coastal defence scheme funding, the flood defence grant-in-aid, but it leaves heritage assets behind.
Only residents and businesses currently qualify, which is leaving Eastbourne’s historic bandstand at risk of severe flooding.
Will the Minister meet me and colleagues across the Department for Culture, Media and Sport and the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs to review the loophole that leaves our bandstand behind?
I recognise the problem.
The decision was to use the budget available to protect people’s homes and that has left other buildings at comparable  risk.
The relevant DEFRA Minister is working with DCMS on this issue.
I will ensure that a conversation can take place.
On the infected blood compensation scheme in Northern Ireland, as of  21 February , 149 people had started the process, with 38 offers made totalling some £48 million.
What assessment has been made of the time taken from when an application is made to when a payment actually arrives through the door?
The Infected Blood Compensation Authority is operationally independent, but I am accountable to this House.
It is important that I have regular conversations and provide challenge on the kind of timescales the hon.
Gentleman is talking about.
The infected blood scandal predates modern-day   devolution and he can rest assured that all four corners of the United Kingdom are at the forefront of my mind in respect of the speed of delivery.
The Minister was earlier asked about the ever-growing size of the civil service and the Cabinet Office under this Government and whether we would see those numbers coming down, not going up, next year.
Instead of answering the question about the future, they talked about the past.
Let me ask the question again, but from a different angle: when are this Government going to take ownership of the fact that they are in government now, and these are their problems that they need to resolve?
I am very happy to take ownership of the fact that we are in government, and very happy to confirm that the Conservatives are in opposition.