One argument is that if the Government are not supplying enough evidence, surely they should supply a little bit more.
But the argument that the Government are using is that the official gave evidence on the basis of the previous Government’s view between 2021 and 2023.
Well, that is a little odd, because the Labour party manifesto was not written until 2024, and yet he quotes it in his evidence.
There is an incoherence here: either he is giving evidence on the basis of the previous Government’s view between 2021 and 2023, in which case the Labour party manifesto is irrelevant, or he is reflecting the view of the Government post 2024, in which case the quotation of the Labour party manifesto is relevant.
Which is it?
In terms of the witness statements, to start with the first and by far most substantive witness statement was the one made under the previous Government.
In relation to more recent statements, the Conservatives’ starting argument was that the Government in some way interfered with the evidence, and now they seem to be criticising the fact that we did not interfere with the evidence.
It is right that the deputy National Security Adviser gave that evidence free from any political interference, as has been confirmed numerous times in this House already.
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Newark (Robert Jenrick)  is quite right.
Throughout the whole saga, as my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Tonbridge (Tom Tugendhat)  made clear, there have been conflicting stories about who did what, and why it could or could not be done, all in the same breath.
But we know the rules require that the Attorney General is consulted on matters that are politically sensitive.
It does not cut across his independence; it simply means that he or she has to be informed at the time.
We understand from the Director of Public Prosecutions that the Attorney General must have been told that there was insufficient evidence to prosecute.
If so, the Attorney General’s role in this matter—independently—is to say to the authorities in the Government, “You are not providing sufficient evidence.
This prosecution will collapse unless you do.”
Did the Attorney General say  to the Government, “You are not providing enough evidence to secure a prosecution.
It is over to you to do as you have been asked by the DPP”?
The Attorney General will be giving his evidence to the Committee next week.
I think it is right to say that the case was dropped by the CPS not on public interest grounds but on evidential grounds.
When a case is dropped on evidential grounds, the framework sets out that the Law Officers be informed when that has happened, and not that there is consultation beforehand.
This is a case that did not continue on evidential grounds.
Given the important national security implications of this whole sorry case, what assessment has the Attorney General’s Office made of the impact that the decision may have on confidence in our ability to prosecute alleged foreign interference?
This case was prosecuted under legislation that was in force when the alleged offences were committed in 2021 to 2023.
The law has now changed—it took the Conservative party many years to tighten up national security legislation; it passed with support from Labour Members—and under the legislation as it stands now, it is easier to bring prosecutions of this nature because the enemy test no longer has to be satisfied.
The Attorney General has a duty to superintend prosecution agencies.
The Government have previously defined superintendence as, inter alia,
“a right for the Attorney General to be consulted and informed about difficult, sensitive and high-profile cases”,
of which this is clearly one.