We must not mix up Government support for different issues, and try to shove everything into one policy.
The hon.
Gentleman also asks about the reset for export purposes.
If we can do it properly, the reset with the EU will enable the export of fish and catch with much less red tape than we have ended up with, post Brexit.
There are big gains to be made from that.
Likewise, if we can get the free trade agreement to work properly, it will increase the prospect of fishing industry exports to other parts of the world.
Scottish salmon is renowned around the world for its quality and taste.
How are the Government supporting the promotion of the Scottish salmon industry around the world?
My hon.
Friend is correct.
I believe that the free trade deal with India took away all tariffs on Scottish salmon, so hopefully there will be a lot more of it heading that way soon.
I call the Chair of the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee.
I welcome the Minister to her new position.
I have to say, though, if ever there were an illustration of the  scale of the challenge facing Ministers in turning around the Department, this is it.
Let us not forget that this fund was created because the Prime Minister rolled over for a further 12 years the catastrophically bad deal that Boris Johnson gave us for five years.
If the Minister is sincere when she says that the aim of the Government is to maximise local investment, then using the Barnett formula to distribute the funding is ocean-going madness.
By volume and value, Shetland alone accounts for 9% of the fish landed in this country, but Scotland as a whole will get only 8% of the funding.
When will the funding formula be reviewed, and when will we hear exactly where the money will be spent and what it will be available for?
The right hon.
Gentleman will have to ask the Scottish Government about what they are going to do with their devolved part of the fund.
He might also wish to ask them whether there is any extra money available from the devolved comprehensive spending review process, because they got an extra £8.5 billion to spend this year.
I warmly welcome the Government’s investment in a sustainable fishing and shellfish industry, which will create jobs and drive growth in coastal communities such as mine.
Will the Minister provide a timeline for when stakeholders, such as the Whitby & District Fishing Industry Training School and the Whitby lobster hatchery, will be formally engaged in the process of developing and delivering this important fund?
As I have said, we are at an early stage in the process of seeing how we can do this.
We are committed to trying to co-design the fund, so I am happy to talk to my hon.
Friend about how she wishes that co-operation to be taken forward in the fantastic area of Scarborough—it is near Bridlington, where I was born, which also has a little to do with crabs.
I call the Father of the House.
In Lincolnshire we know all about fishing, because Grimsby used to be the world’s greatest fishing port.
It beggars belief that we, a coastal nation, import twice as much fish as we export.
Fishermen feel completely betrayed after years of vassalage to the European Union and this latest deal.
We are where we are—we have this fund now—so I want to end on a positive note by asking my favourite Minister: will she ensure that she uses the fund to recreate fishing in areas such as Grimsby, which now has a miniscule amount of fishing, to help them to modernise, get more staff and rebuild our industry?
The Father of the House knows that flattery will get him everywhere—obviously, I hold him in equally high esteem.
Along with my hon.