Friend  the Member for South Dorset (Lloyd Hatton)  and I will meet small and medium-sized enterprises in the defence sector and skills training providers to discuss how we in Dorset can benefit from the Government’s defence industrial strategy.
Can the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster tell me how this Government’s commitment to increasing defence spending to 2.5% by 2027 will create jobs and growth in my constituency of Bournemouth West?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question, and welcome the companies from her and her colleague’s constituencies to Parliament today.
As she knows, this Labour Government are committed to the largest sustained increase in defence spending since the end of the cold war.
Our strategic defence review and defence industrial strategy will also make defence an engine for economic growth, creating jobs and driving innovation in every  nation and region.
I particularly thank institutions such as Bournemouth and Poole college and Bournemouth University for their important work, and for their focus on developing defence skills for the future and creating jobs for young people in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
There are reports that Jonathan Powell wrote a box note to the Prime Minister on the China spy trial.
When No.
10 was asked about this, the official spokesman said that it was for the Cabinet Office to answer, and as Chief Secretary to the Prime Minister and Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, the right hon.
Gentleman is uniquely placed to tell us.
Did Powell write a box note to the Prime Minister —yes or no?
No.
What recent progress he has made on the infected blood compensation scheme.
Some 2,476 people have now received offers totalling over £1.8 billion.
Alongside the work I am doing to prepare further secondary legislation and a public consultation, I am pleased to announce that applications are opening today for further interim payments of £210,000 to the estates of infected people who have sadly passed away.
In addition, the Infected Blood Compensation Authority has now asked every living infected person registered with a support scheme to come forward and start their claim, and has also opened a service for people to register their intent to claim.
Many survivors of the infected blood scandal and bereaved families are still waiting far too long for compensation.
They include my constituents, the family of Kevin Newman, who was infected with HIV and hepatitis C while a pupil at Treloar’s college and tragically died in 2018.
The family received their first payment last December, but have been waiting for another ever since, and now have to fill in yet another form with a time limit.
Will the Minister ensure that these payments are speeded up?
Absolutely, and that has been my objective throughout.
IBCA took a test and learn approach, and this House quite rightly held me to account at the start of that process when the numbers were lower.
Those numbers are rising exponentially at the moment—that is why there are offers totalling over £1.8 billion—but the hon.
Lady should be reassured that I am 100% not complacent, and will continue to drive progress.
What progress his Department has made on the relocation of civil service jobs to Scotland.
In May, we committed to strengthening our presence in Scotland and across the UK, ensuring that talent from  across the country can have a full career in the civil service without having to move to London.
My first visit as Chief Secretary to the Prime Minister and Minister for intergovernmental relations was to Scotland, and I was delighted to visit the Cabinet Office’s second headquarters —based in my hon.
Friend’s constituency of Glasgow North—which will continue to offer more careers and opportunities in the civil service.
Does the Minister agree that having different roles and different levels of positions within the civil service in Glasgow and in Scotland is important so that people can progress their careers while remaining in Glasgow or in Scotland?