Fishing organisations have called the deal a “horror show” for fishermen.
Will the money be front-loaded and spent where it will have the greatest benefit for industry and coastal communities?
What input will fishing organisations and representatives have in ensuring that the fund is spent in the right place?
Fishing is not just about the fish caught; it is also about the people and marine wildlife involved.
Can the Government explain how the fund will support fishers’ mental health and efforts to protect marine wildlife, such as by ending bycatch?
There is not enough detail for the industry to plan.
How will the fund be delivered, how is it being targeted to support the fishing industry, and how are the Labour Government supporting the next generation of fishermen and women with the fund?
This fund is an example of the Labour Government trying to buy off the industry with a sticking plaster, rather than ensuring that the best deal for the British fishing industry is the one that they negotiate with the EU.
The fund is about long-term transformation and partnership.
We want to modernise the fishing sector, support coastal regeneration and build resilience in the industry across the UK.
For that reason, we will co-design the fund with local communities and the industry.
I am not able to answer the hon.
Gentleman’s questions in detail at this precise moment, because we seek to co-operate with those who will be beneficiaries.
When I am in a position to make further announcements, I certainly will.
As a coastal MP, I was delighted that my constituency was selected for £20 million of pride in place funding.
How will those funds benefit coastal communities around the country?
Pride in place funding is a new initiative from the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government.
Colleagues will know that it is based very much on a bottom-up approach to improving place.
My understanding is that allocations will be given and directed by local boards with community membership.
That is an important way of doing regeneration.
It is not doing things to people from on high; it means trying to involve and listen to those who live in those places, who know what is best.
I hope that we will be able to apply that principle to the use of these funds over time.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The Liberal Democrats of course welcome any further investment in our fishing communities, but coastal towns must have a proper say in how the money will be spent.
The allocation of the funding must reflect the significance of the fishing industries across our isles.
The proud fishermen in my North Cornwall constituency have been wrapped up in so much red tape, and face extra costs because of the Tories’ botched Brexit deal.
They now want proper management of fish stocks, and a new byelaw to limit larger vessels inside the six-mile line.
What steps are the Government taking to reverse that damage and provide our fishermen with greater access to their largest and closest market?
How will the Government use this fund to give greater powers and resources to coastal communities, to allow them to invest properly in their local areas?
Finally, can the Minister assure us that the fund will improve water quality, to protect our fishing industry in the future?
On the hon.
Gentleman’s last point, clearly improving water quality is another policy area.
The coastal growth fund is not about improving water quality; it is about building resilience, helping to modernise the fishing industry through high tech, access to training and entry to the industry.
We must not mix up Government support for different issues, and try to shove everything into one policy.
The hon.
Gentleman also asks about the reset for export purposes.