The law has now changed—it took the Conservative party many years to tighten up national security legislation; it passed with support from Labour Members—and under the legislation as it stands now, it is easier to bring prosecutions of this nature because the enemy test no longer has to be satisfied.
The Attorney General has a duty to superintend prosecution agencies.
The Government have previously defined superintendence as, inter alia,
“a right for the Attorney General to be consulted and informed about difficult, sensitive and high-profile cases”,
of which this is clearly one.
Given that the Attorney General is responsible by statute for the superintendence of the Crown Prosecution Service and overall super- intendency of the DPP, and additionally has the requirement for consent to prosecute certain categories of criminal offences such as those relating to official secrets, what action did the Attorney General take once he had been informed of the potential collapse of the China spying trial?
As I have set out, consent to prosecute in this case had to be granted by Law Officers, and that was done under the previous Government.
Once consent is granted, it is for the CPS to prosecute a case, rightly without political interference.
This case was discontinued by the CPS on evidential grounds, as opposed to public interest grounds.
I am sure that the hon.
Member is aware of the two-part test for prosecutors.
When a case is discontinued on evidential grounds, it is not for the CPS to consult with Law Officers in advance of that.
I say again that the Attorney General will first give written evidence this week and then oral evidence on Tuesday.
None of it makes sense—not the collapsed trial, Chagos or the embassy—but, as my right hon.
Friend  the Member for New Forest East (Sir Julian Lewis)  says, it all makes sense if the Government have prioritised a strategic relationship with communist China, does it not?
I politely remind the right hon.
Gentleman that this case was to be tried under the Government’s position in relation to China between 2021 and 2023, when his party was in Government.
The Solicitor General has repeatedly said that prosecutors and not politicians should decide whether to prosecute.
Of course that is the case, but that is a straw man argument.
The issue here is not political interference in the decision to prosecute, but political interference in the evidence that was given to the CPS, affecting its ability to prosecute.
We have been told that the Attorney General was informed.
Why was he informed, if not to allow him to take action to perfect the evidence?
Why did he not?
The Prime Minister and the DPP have both confirmed that there was no political interference in the evidence given by the deputy National Security Adviser, and rightly so.
The Conservative party cannot have it both ways: first, the argument was that we interfered with the evidence and now it seems to be that we did not.
Which is it?
The Sunday Times reported that, following a key meeting on  1 September , the Attorney General’s Office was asked to speak to the CPS.
Did anyone from the Attorney General’s Office speak directly or indirectly to the CPS after that meeting?
There was a meeting on  1 September  in relation to this matter, which, as I understand it, took place on the basis that the prosecution would go ahead.
It was to discuss bilateral relations with China in the context of the ongoing legal case.
The Director of Public Prosecutions has said that the case was dropped because efforts over many months to get evidence that China represented a threat to national security were not forthcoming from this Government.
When was the Attorney General informed that the case was at risk and what did he do?