I can assure her that UKSV continues to undertake a programme of work to improve the efficiency of the vetting process and that further work is ongoing to digitise and improve the automation of processes.
If she has any further concerns, I would be happy to discuss them with her.
What recent steps his Department has taken to strengthen partnership working with the voluntary sector.
The Government believe that strong partnerships with the voluntary sector are central to delivering for people across the country.
Following publication in July of the civil society covenant—our ambitious plan to partner with civil society—we are now working with partners to launch a new £100 million programme that will reform services at a local level to help prevent the most vulnerable from falling into crisis.
It will involve partnering with the voluntary sector to support people who might otherwise fall through the cracks between services, such as prison leavers or those suffering domestic abuse.
I welcome the covenant and the Minister’s response.
Research from the National Council for Voluntary Organisations indicates that the charity and voluntary sector delivers £14 billion of public services annually.
In my constituency, Hillingdon citizens advice bureau, Mencap and Mind provide vital advice and support, but in recent years their funding has been cut by the local authority.
What steps is the Cabinet Office taking to reform public procurement and strengthen partnership working with the voluntary sector so that such organisations can play a greater role in future?
I know that my hon.
Friend has been a real leader in working with voluntary organisations in his constituency of Uxbridge and South Ruislip, and indeed across the country.
As he knows, those organisations are often closest to the communities they serve.
I am proud to say that, from April next year, all Government Departments must set a two-year target for direct spend with voluntary, community and social enterprises, and they must publish their results annually.
That is a clear commitment to this Government’s belief that the voluntary, community and social enterprise sector is vital to rebuilding and renewing our country.
I welcome the Minister’s reassurance.
The UK shared prosperity fund is about to come to an end, to be replaced by the local growth fund, and voluntary and community organisations in Northern Ireland have real concerns that they will be left in limbo between one ending and the other starting.
I recognise what the Minister just said about the two-year funding pot, but what reassurances can he give those organisations in Northern Ireland that their funding will carry over?
They support some of the most vulnerable people in our community.
My understanding is that the new funding will start in the new financial year, but I will look into the specific issue the hon.
Gentleman raised in relation to Northern Ireland, and I will write to him to reassure him on that.
What progress he has made with Cabinet colleagues on improving cross-Government co-ordination on preparedness for a future pandemic.
What progress he has made with Cabinet colleagues to improve cross-Government co-ordination on preparedness for a future pandemic.
As the response to module 1 of the covid-19 inquiry made clear, the Cabinet Office is playing a greater role in preparedness for cross-cutting catastrophic risks.
Our preparedness for future pandemics has been stepped up through Exercise Pegasus, the largest ever national pandemic response exercise.
Last week I had the pleasure of meeting the general manager of one of the major supermarkets in my constituency.
We talked about our memories of the early days of the covid pandemic, with  the rows and rows of empty shelves.
All pandemic planning should build on the lessons learned from the last one, so what role is the retail and logistics sector playing in that?
My hon.
Friend is right: businesses that move and sell vital goods are an essential part of any pandemic response.