There is time before next March to take a fresh look at these allocations, and to recognise the crucial role that the fishing industry plays in our beautiful coastal communities, around our massive coastline, and in our island communities across Scotland.
If the Minister is in any doubt about the strength of anger on this matter and about why it is so crucial, I repeat the offer I made to her yesterday to come to my constituency and see for herself.
I have been looking at the history of seafood support funds.
The last one was a UK seafood fund, which was reserved by the then Government nationally, to be used in a strategic way.
There were many vocal complaints that the fund should have been devolved.
We have now devolved a fund in the way in which funds are always devolved: using the Barnett formula, which gives a 20%-a-head uplift to devolved Governments for all other spending.
I also note that the devolution settlements in the comprehensive spending review 2025 gave the Scottish Government another £8.5 billion that they can choose to spend in any way.
It is always open to them to support the sector, which is an important industrial sector for them, with some of the money devolved to them in the CSR devolution settlement.
I thank the Minister for coming to the Dispatch Box, and  the hon.
Member for Aberdeenshire North and Moray East (Seamus Logan)  for raising this important issue.
There is a question of fairness in the geographical distribution of the fund, and the Minister should consider that; I hope the funding will be reviewed in due course.
There is another aspect to fairness, too: there should be fairness across the sector.
I want the funding to be aimed at new entrants to fishing communities that face big challenges to do with depopulation, crewing and keeping themselves going.
For example, the funding can be used to allocate and buy quota, so that local authorities can distribute it to new entrants, as happens to a limited degree in Orkney and in the Western Isles.
I also want the funding to be aimed at new opportunities.
This  summer, an 800 lb tuna was landed in my constituency from the North Atlantic, and it is to be sold at a famous market in Tokyo.
Those are the kind of schemes, places, and fishing and coastal communities that the fund should be aimed at; we should not just funnel the money to the already wealthy quota barons who dominate the industry and the airwaves.
My hon.
Friend has made some interesting observations about creativity, which may well be applied to the fund.
We are trying to co-design the way the fund will work—it is there for the next 12 years—so that we can be creative and think about how we support the younger generation of people who wish to go into the industry.
Some of the suggestions that he has made are intriguing, and I will certainly follow them up with him and others.
I call the shadow Minister.
This fund is a weak apology from a Labour Government who, this year, have sold out the UK fishing industry.
It is a mere sticking plaster—a rushed one, at best—that ignores the proportion of fish caught in different parts of these isles, involves the devolved Administrations poorly, and ignores evidence-based delivery and logic.
This fund is Labour trying to buy off the UK fishing fleet, due to its disastrous 12-year deal with the EU; the deal is three times longer than the deal Labour sought.
It prevents Britain from setting annual fishing quotas, as other independent coastal states do.
Fishing organisations have called the deal a “horror show” for fishermen.
Will the money be front-loaded and spent where it will have the greatest benefit for industry and coastal communities?
What input will fishing organisations and representatives have in ensuring that the fund is spent in the right place?