Our deals on emissions, energy trading, food and agricultural trade will all reduce costs for businesses.
Astonishingly, the Conservatives and  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  want to reverse that and reimpose those costs on businesses.
Given that the Cabinet Office advises the Government on establishing public inquiries, will the Minister meet the families of the senior military and intelligence personnel who were killed when an RAF Chinook helicopter crashed on the Mull of Kintyre in 1994?
The families have gathered compelling evidence suggesting that the Ministry of Defence was aware that the Mk 2 Chinook in which they were travelling was not airworthy.
They are petitioning the Government to establish an independent, judge-led public inquiry.
Will the Minister meet the families or at least advise a relevant Cabinet colleague so to do?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman, who raises a very serious case.
If he were able to write to me directly about it, I will certainly look at what would be the most suitable ministerial meeting.
I recently met Estonian MPs to hear about their experience of using digital ID over the last two decades, and particularly about how people’s ability to see who has accessed their data is the cornerstone of the data privacy controls at the heart of their system.
They talked about the efficiency gains across the public and private sector, such as when someone changes their name after marriage or buys a property.
How does the Minister see modernisation of the state improving the delivery of public services in the UK?
In our public services, almost everywhere we look, outdated digital and data systems trap us in the past.
We are laser focused on reforming the state.
Central to that is a free, universal digital ID that will bring the state to all citizens and improve access to public services.
A national digital identity system is a public good that is long overdue and this Government will deliver it.
The Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster has just come to the Dispatch Box and said that we have done a new trade deal with the European Union, which I think is news to both the Prime Minister and Brussels.
The only thing this Government have done so far in terms of EU relations is to sell out our fishing industry for the next 12 years.
With that in mind, will the Minister actually stand up for British interests in future negotiations with Brussels?
I stand up for British interests in every negotiation with Brussels.
I will tell the hon.
Gentleman what is not standing up for British interests.
We negotiated, within 10 months of coming into government, the new common understanding that will be good for jobs, bear down on bills and give us the tools to secure our borders.
The leader of the Conservative party opposed it before even reading it.
I have been thinking about the cost of software licensing in the public sector, because North West Anglia NHS  foundation trust is trying to move to an electronic patient record and one of the biggest ongoing costs of that is third-party payments for software.
Other trusts are in the same position, as are many schools paying for pupil management software.
Will the procurement Minister commit to looking into whether we can instead deliver some of that in-house and save significant sums?
Cases of the kind my hon.
Friend is talking about are the reason we have been consulting on a public interest test.
On the specific case he raises, if he writes to me I will ensure that the Parliamentary Secretary, Cabinet Office, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Brighton Kemptown and Peacehaven (Chris Ward)  provides him with a response.