Member’s points.
I welcome the Solicitor General to her new role and wish her every success and happiness in it—hopefully it will not be as hard the next time round.
As the Chinese spy prosecution case rolls on and on, concerns on the ground are growing about the state of national security and our intelligence community.
Does she accept the lack of confidence that has arisen from the handling of this case?
What can be done to assure British citizens that their interests and security are the top priority for this Government, not trade links with China?
I thank the hon.
Member for those kind words.
This case was brought under the Official Secrets Act.
There is now new legislation in place, which means it is no longer necessary to prove the enemy part of the test in order to bring a successful prosecution.
That will make it easier to bring prosecutions of this nature in future.
It is regretful that the previous Government did not bring in this legislation sooner.
Had they done so, I expect we would not have found ourselves in the situation we are in today.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
May I ask your advice?
Unusually, the Attorney General does not sit in the House of Commons.
When I submitted written parliamentary questions to the Attorney General, they were answered by the Solicitor General, but the Solicitor General refused to provide answers for the Attorney General, only answering for herself.
Today, understandably, the Attorney General could not come to the House because he is not a Member of the House, but the Solicitor General repeatedly refused to give answers on behalf of the Attorney General.
She referred to the Attorney General’s written answers and to a Select Committee hearing which is ordinarily held in private.
How does the House of Commons hold the Attorney General to account?
There is a collective responsibility for the Government to answer within this House—the right hon.
Member is absolutely right to ask the question—but I am not responsible for the answers that the Solicitor General provides.
This goes back to the frustration under the previous Administration, when the Foreign Secretary sat in the Lords.
My view is that it is much harder, but there is a collective responsibility that questions will be answered in this House.
I am not going to keep the debate going now.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs if she will make a statement on the fishing and coastal growth fund.
We are working closely with our fishing and seafood sectors to ensure that they are vibrant, profitable and sustainable, and that we have a healthy and productive marine environment.
That is why, on  19 May , the Government announced the fishing and coastal growth fund, a £360 million investment that will support the next generation of fishers and breathe new life into our coastal communities.
Through the fund, we have recognised the vital contribution that fishing and coastal communities make to our economy, local communities and national heritage.
Designing the fund with stakeholders is paramount to its success, and we want to work with industry and communities to get their views on how to maximise value and target investment for maximum local impact.
That engagement is just beginning.
We will consider investment in new tech and equipment to modernise the fleets; in training and skills to back the next generation; and in promoting and supporting the seafood sector, so that it can export across the world.
Since the fund was announced, a wide range of stakeholders have called on the Government to learn from previous fisheries funding schemes and to devolve the funding, instead of the funding being at UK-level.