My first visit as Chief Secretary to the Prime Minister and Minister for intergovernmental relations was to Scotland, and I was delighted to visit the Cabinet Office’s second headquarters —based in my hon.
Friend’s constituency of Glasgow North—which will continue to offer more careers and opportunities in the civil service.
Does the Minister agree that having different roles and different levels of positions within the civil service in Glasgow and in Scotland is important so that people can progress their careers while remaining in Glasgow or in Scotland?
I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend.
We want senior roles in locations across the country and not just in London.
That is why we have committed to ensuring that 50% of UK-based senior civil service jobs are located outside London by 2030.
I should add that on my visit to the Cabinet Office headquarters in my hon.
Friend’s constituency, we met senior civil servants there, and we look forward to returning again in the months ahead.
How many working days have been impacted by strikes in the civil service since July 2024.
I declare that I am a member of the Unite union and refer to my relevant entries in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests on support in general election campaigns.
The Office for National Statistics estimates that 36,000 working days were lost because of labour disputes in the public administration and defence sector, which includes the majority of the civil service, between July 2024 and August 2025.
That is down from the 95,000 days lost between May 2023 and June 2024.
I am grateful for that answer, albeit partial, from the Minister, because he is quite right: he relies on the Office for National Statistics for the compilation of these figures.
Now, even its staff have a strike mandate.
They are refusing to attend work even for two days a week.
What are the Government doing to enforce attendance levels at work?
When does he think the ONS will find time to report on it?
Attendance levels are certainly important, but the hon.
Gentleman has got some chutzpah, because under the previous Prime Minister—I note he is no longer in his place, although he was earlier in the questions—the UK lost more days due to strike action than France did, and the hon.
Gentleman is here trying to lecture us about it.
We will work in partnership with trade unions to avoid unnecessary disruption and not end up in the situation that the last Government did.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
This is my first appearance at the Dispatch Box as Chief Secretary to the Prime Minister.
In this role, I have been tasked with modernising the state to build a system that will better deliver the public’s priorities and better communicate the changes we are making across the country.
Sadly, too many political parties today wish to tear down our institutions and the public services we all rely on as the solution to the public’s frustration with a legacy system that struggles to deliver change, but there is an alternative.
This Government are committed to renewal and delivering on the promise of change.
We will build a modern state and better public services that are there when people need them.
We will lead the way to a Britain renewed.
With your permission, Mr Speaker, I will just answer the question from the official Opposition that I could not answer in substantive questions about when I was informed of the Crown Prosecution Service decision to not proceed with the case.
I was informed of this decision after the Prime Minister.
I should also inform the House that I look forward to answering more questions before the Joint Committee on the National Security Strategy on Wednesday next week.