All pandemic planning should build on the lessons learned from the last one, so what role is the retail and logistics sector playing in that?
My hon.
Friend is right: businesses that move and sell vital goods are an essential part of any pandemic response.
The resilience action plan, which was published in response to module 1 of the covid-19 inquiry, seeks to enable a whole-of-society approach to pandemic resilience.
As part of that effort, we invited businesses to participate in the ongoing national pandemic exercise, Exercise Pegasus.
As a pharmacist who worked on the frontline throughout the pandemic, I would like to ask what discussions the Cabinet Office has had with local resilience forums to ensure that areas such as my North Somerset constituency have the local co-ordination structures needed to respond effectively to a future pandemic, particularly given the strain on our community health service?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his vital work on the frontline during the pandemic.
The Government absolutely recognise that the most complex emergencies impact the whole system.
That is why there has been extensive engagement with local partners ahead of Exercise Pegasus.
The exercise will test national-to-local co-ordination arrangements, and lessons from the exercise will help strengthen pandemic preparedness at national and local levels.
During the pandemic, Government agencies, bodies and Departments suddenly discovered ways to comply with GDPR to share significant amounts of data, which was critical to managing the pandemic response.
Since then, the shroud of using GDPR as a reason not to share data has once again choked opportunities to solve the big problems facing our society.
As part of his work on resilience planning, will the Minister ensure that data is shared with Departments on a day-to-day basis in future, to get around the use of GDPR as a reason not to share it?
The hon.
Member makes a sensible and constructive point, and I can give him the assurances he seeks.
Since January, increasing our preparedness has included publishing an updated central crisis management doctrine—the Amber Book—as well as launching the biothreats radar to improve data sharing.
We have also, as I have said, undertaken the largest ever national pandemic planning exercise.
What recent progress his Department has made on strengthening national resilience.
In July the Government published the resilience action plan, which sets out our strategic vision for a stronger and more resilient United Kingdom.
The Government also successfully carried out the second ever national drill of the emergency alert system last month.
I am  pleased to tell the House that the test reached 96% of cell masts across the country.
That is a significant improvement on the first test in April 2023 and indicates that more people are receiving these critical alerts than ever before.
In August, authorities declared a major incident after a wildfire broke out in Langdale forest and spread dangerously close to RAF Fylingdales, the ballistic missile early warning base.
Given the increasing threat that wildfires pose to our security, can the Minister confirm whether he will consider automatically activating a national resilience response in future incidents where critical military infrastructure is under threat?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for her question, and I commend the emergency services and the local community who came together in her constituency to bravely tackle the Langdale moor fire.
The risk of wildfires to critical sites is well known to local responders, who plan for such events and can call on central Government for support.
The national resilience wild- fire adviser assesses what additional wildfire national capabilities might be needed to increase resilience for future incidents.
The Government’s own advisers tell us that the climate and nature crisis poses a huge resilience threat to our country.
Yet, in an answer to a question on wildfires, the Minister does not even reference that climate change makes them more frequent and severe.
What are the Government doing to tackle this huge threat from climate change?