The hon.
Lady may not know that I was a pilot in the Royal Air Force.
I used to do a lot of work advocating for young black people entering STEM—science, technology, engineering and mathematics—industries, so I had the great privilege of visiting Aberdeen on a number of occasions.
Unfortunately, I will not be able to visit next week, when the Association for Black and Minority Ethnic Engineers holds its annual conference in the hon.
Lady’s constituency.
The association was created by Dr Nike Folayan MBE and is supported ably by Falayo Osekita, who is a representative of Leonardo.
Will the hon.
Lady join me in recognising the excellent work that they do, creating a new history for her town?
Before we come to questions, I know that there has been some commentary on what Members may or may not discuss in the Chamber in relation to Prince Andrew, some of which is inaccurate.
There is understandably great interest in this matter, from Members and from the public.
For the benefit of the House, I would like to be clear that there are ways for the House properly to consider this matter.
Any reflections on the conduct of members of the royal family can properly be discussed on substantive motions.
I know that some Members have already tabled such a motion.
I am unable to allocate time for a debate on such a motion, but others are able to do so if they wish.
The long-standing practice of the House, as set out in “Erskine May”, is that criticism of members of the royal family cannot be made as part of questions.
I hope that clarification is helpful, as there has been a lot of online speculation.
The Minister for the Cabinet Office was asked—
What steps he is taking to develop the Government’s approach to public sector reform.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to reform public services.
The Prime Minister has asked me to help drive the Government’s delivery of the public’s priorities: boosting living standards, fixing our NHS and securing our borders.
I and the team are focused on changing how Government works, to build the foundations of a modern British state that delivers for the British people, using modern technology with more accountability and by breaking down silos and outdated hierarchy.
Could my right hon.
Friend outline what role he thinks digital ID could play in supporting public sector reform?
I thank my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology for her dedicated work on the Prime Minister’s recent announcement on digital identity.
As of today, the Cabinet Office has responsibility for the policy, legislation and strategic oversight of the digital ID programme, with the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology leading on technical design, build and delivery.
Together, we will work to build the foundations of a modern British state that delivers better public services for people across the country, and digital ID will play a part in that work.
The last Government left the public services on which our constituents rely on their knees, with many just about keeping their head above water, and the Probation Service is no different.
Since being elected, I have come to understand the dire ramifications of what can go wrong when local probation services are not performing to the standard that local people should expect, especially when it comes to the suitable placement and proper monitoring of serious offenders post release.
What engagement is taking place between the Cabinet Office and the Ministry of Justice to ensure that when errors are made by local probation delivery units, there is proper accountability and corrective measures are taken to protect our constituents from those who could still cause them harm?
I know that my hon.
Friend has been a vocal campaigner for her constituents in relation to the injustice experienced through the Probation Service in and around her constituency.