What engagement is taking place between the Cabinet Office and the Ministry of Justice to ensure that when errors are made by local probation delivery units, there is proper accountability and corrective measures are taken to protect our constituents from those who could still cause them harm?
I know that my hon.
Friend has been a vocal campaigner for her constituents in relation to the injustice experienced through the Probation Service in and around her constituency.
Public protection is, of course, a key priority for this Government, and serious further offences, although rare, are devastating for victims and their families.
The Ministry of Justice and His Majesty’s Prison and Probation Service take learnings from serious further offence reviews, inspectorate of probation reports and internal audits to identify opportunities for improvement, and the Cabinet Office supports those Departments in these endeavours.
In my constituency, organisations such as Just the Job, Yatton House, Northdale and Chopsticks provide valuable services for adults with complex disabilities and learning difficulties, so will the Minister join me in commending them?
May I urge him to continue the work that I know his Department is doing on exploring where local voluntary and charitable organisations can play an effective and efficient role in delivering public services for local communities?
May I join the right hon.
Member in celebrating the success of the organisations in his constituency?
He and the House will know that when the Government talk about delivery, we are really talking about those organisations that deliver real change for people’s lives, not about processes in Whitehall.
It is organisations in the voluntary sector, as well as Whitehall Departments, local authorities and private sector businesses, that help us deliver that change across the country.
I thank the Minister for his very positive answers.
What steps have been taken to improve community healthcare services, to ease the pressures on our hospitals and encourage more care in local areas?
The hon.
Member will no doubt have heard from the Health Secretary in Health questions and subsequent statements about the NHS 10-year plan, which is moving the delivery of services from hospitals into the community.
We know that too many patients end up in A&E, for example, making hospital delivery very difficult, because they cannot access support and care in the community.
That is why the Department of Health and Social Care has been setting out its plans for supporting the delivery of care services in the local community, where local people are.
What recent assessment he has made of the efficiency of the security clearance processes of United Kingdom Security Vetting.
The Government are absolutely committed to ensuring that UKSV delivers a security clearance process that is efficient and fit for purpose.
Security vetting clearances are being processed within agreed timescales, and UKSV performance is monitored monthly.
It is working to ensure that demand for vetting is forecast better.
The Minister will know how proud we in Barrow are to be building our world-class nuclear submarines.
Working in the shipyard requires security clearance, which is provided by UKSV.
However, some of my constituents have lost job offers due to the significant delays in receiving clearance.
That has a severe impact on those individuals as well as on our ability to deliver the submarines that defend the country.
Can the Minister assure me that steps are being taken to speed up the process?
My hon.
Friend will know better than anyone that Barrow makes a critical contribution to national security.
I can assure her that UKSV continues to undertake a programme of work to improve the efficiency of the vetting process and that further work is ongoing to digitise and improve the automation of processes.
If she has any further concerns, I would be happy to discuss them with her.
What recent steps his Department has taken to strengthen partnership working with the voluntary sector.