Mr Jenrick, when you get a UQ, you get your time, and I want you to be heard in silence, quite rightly, because this is an important issue that affects this House—but I do not need barracking from the Opposition Benches.
I want you to help me.
If you wish to catch my eye in the future, this is not the best way to do so.
The charges in this case were brought under the Official Secrets Act 1911—outdated legislation, drawn up even before the dawn of world war one.
As I said, the Attorney General, the Chief Secretary to the Prime Minister, the deputy National Security Adviser, the Cabinet Secretary and the Director of Public Prosecutions will all appear before the Joint Committee on the National Security Strategy next week, and the Government have committed to fully engaging with Committees across both Houses as this issue is rightly scrutinised.
Along with proper parliamentary scrutiny, another core tenet of our democracy is a prosecution service free of political interference.
That is something that we on this side of the House will always defend.
Given that the Conservatives, during their 14 years of chaotic power, sought to develop an even closer relationship with China, can I urge the Government to continue Labour’s approach, which is to look at opportunities to work together while not compromising our values and national interest at any time?
I agree with my hon.
Friend’s position.
I remind the House that the test in this case applied to how China was viewed under the previous Government, not this one.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Throughout these revelations, Ministers and the Prime Minister’s spokesperson have repeatedly claimed that the Government had no sight of the witness statements and no input.
The PM himself said that at Prime Minister’s questions last week.
But the Government Legal Service’s own guidance requires the Attorney General to be consulted on the most sensitive legal cases involving the Government.
In a case as high profile as this, where the very integrity of Parliament and our national security was at stake, did the Attorney General—the Government’s top legal adviser—really not review the witness statements before they were submitted on behalf of the Government?
If not, please could the Solicitor General tell us why not?
Given the very serious national security implications, will the SG commit to a statutory independent inquiry into why the case collapsed, and will she please   update the House as to when the Government will share the full China audit with the Intelligence and Security Committee?
As I set out in my answer to the urgent question, the previous Law Officers gave consent to prosecute in April 2024.
After that happens, it is right that there is no further involvement of Law Officers in cases.
In accordance with the framework, that is how things work.
It is right that politicians do not interfere with prosecutions in criminal cases, and that is what happened in this case once consent to prosecute was granted.
May I just start by saying that nobody in this House is disputing the independence of the prosecution or indeed the judicial officers?
Nobody has had any dispute on that point at all.
The question is a different one.
It is whether an official who is giving evidence not on his behalf, but on behalf of the Government, should have had any communication with his own Government after the prosecutor said that the evidence was not sufficient.
One argument is that if the Government are not supplying enough evidence, surely they should supply a little bit more.
But the argument that the Government are using is that the official gave evidence on the basis of the previous Government’s view between 2021 and 2023.
Well, that is a little odd, because the Labour party manifesto was not written until 2024, and yet he quotes it in his evidence.