I was pleased that the Minister give an update earlier on the work of the Infected Blood Compensation Authority, but the process is still taking too long.
May I press the Minister to undertake work specifically to expedite the timescales in which compensation is expected to be paid?
My hon.
Friend is a powerful advocate for infected blood victims, and he can rest assured that I will continue to drive progress as quickly as I possibly can.
That is how we have got to the stage where over £1.8 billion-worth of offers have been made, and I will continue to drive that progress quickly.
I have  recently been contacted by International House Torquay, a language school, which has welcomed the opportunity for German foreign students to use ID cards to travel as a group.
Can the Minister advise what further opportunities  there will be for other European countries such as Switzerland, Italy and Spain to take advantage of a similar scheme?
We are going even further than that, because the Government are looking to negotiate a youth experience scheme with the European Union.
It will of course be capped, but it will give significant opportunities not just for young Brits to travel, work and study abroad, but to welcome young Europeans here.
At my meet and greet session last week, my constituent Mick also raised that point about the importance of our young people having more opportunities to work and study abroad, including in Europe.
I was so pleased by the Government’s announcement of a youth mobility scheme with the EU, but could I ask the Minister for an update on those plans and how they will benefit my constituents in Aylesbury?
I thank my hon.
Friend for again raising this issue.
Any scheme would give young Brits, including her young constituents in Aylesbury, the opportunity to travel and experience other countries’ cultures, as well as to work and study abroad.
Of course, the exact parameters will be subject to discussion, and negotiations are under way, but we certainly hope to stand up these opportunities for young Brits as soon as possible.
I welcome the Paymaster General’s remarks on the acceleration of the delivery of payments in relation to infected blood.
It is very welcome for one of my constituents who has had it.
I also welcome his response to the additional report by Sir Brian Langstaff in July.
Given that, can he update the House on the lifetime of the public inquiry and any conversations he has had about ending the inquiry, which seems to be going on rather a long time given that the legislation was passed in May last year?
I am very grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman, and I again pay tribute to him for his hugely important work in this area when he was the Paymaster General.
On the public inquiry and the recent report, I hope to update the House in due course—subject, of course, to your permission, Mr Speaker—about action on the recommendations.
On the public inquiry remaining open, that is of course a matter for the chair, Sir Brian Langstaff.
I have heard from small businesses locally, including a butcher’s and a lighting supplier, about how Brexit has imposed extra barriers on small businesses such as theirs.
Will the Minister outline how the UK-EU common understanding will improve conditions for small businesses, particularly those that import from and export to the EU?
My hon.
Friend is a powerful advocate for her constituents, and the common understanding will of course benefit the businesses she mentions.
Our deals on emissions, energy trading, food and agricultural trade will all reduce costs for businesses.
Astonishingly, the Conservatives and  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  want to reverse that and reimpose those costs on businesses.