Is this correct?
Can the Solicitor General provide the exact date of that meeting?
It would have been the Attorney General’s duty to ask why the case was at risk.
That does not mean seeking to change the independent judgment of the CPS on whether to proceed, but it could and should have meant asking and ensuring that more evidence be provided to the CPS at its request.
It was abundantly clear that the CPS was asking for further evidence on the question of whether China posed a current threat to national security, so the Attorney General and the Government had a decision to make: whether to provide the evidence or not, even if they thought that it was excessive to do so.
The Attorney General must have understood what was required.
We are told that he is an eminent lawyer, so what did he do the moment he knew?
Who did he inform within Government, and when?
Did he inform the Prime Minister or his office?
Did he take any steps to ensure that the evidence was provided?
We know that on  1 September  the director general of the AG’s Office attended a meeting at which the case was discussed.
At that point, the case could still have been salvaged.
At that meeting, did the Attorney General’s Office push for further evidence to be provided?
Following that meeting, The Sunday Times has reported that the Attorney General’s Office was asked to speak to the CPS.
Can the SG confirm whether anyone from the AGO spoke directly or indirectly to the CPS?
The AG knew that the case was going to collapse in August.
He knew what was required to save it, but—unless the Solicitor General can provide a compelling account today—we must all conclude that the AG, on behalf of the Government, chose not to provide it.
He may not have killed the case, but he allowed it to die.
There are examples in the recent past of AGs having the candour to come to the House and explain that the Government and the prosecuting authorities have chosen to drop cases that raise the highest national security questions for diplomatic reasons.
Will the SG today have the candour to do exactly the same with this case?
Today we have heard from the shadow Justice Secretary yet more of the baseless smears that have characterised the Conservative party’s approach to a matter of such importance to this House and the whole nation.
He knows that the Attorney General will give evidence next week—as soon as Tuesday—to the Joint Committee on the National Security Strategy.
Like me, the shadow Justice Secretary trained and practised in law, so he should know the importance of consistency when putting a case together.
Yet his words today have brought only more confusion to the Conservatives’ chaotic approach.
First, they accused the Government of political interference in this case without evidence.
When that was disproven, they argued that we did not interfere but should have interfered in an independent prosecution—so which is it?
Their approach has served only to distract from their own failings, and frankly does a disservice to the history and heritage of their party.
I respectfully remind the House that part of the reason we find ourselves in this situation is because the Conservatives spent their years in government fighting among themselves and not fixing glaring holes in our national security laws.
The charges in this case were brought under the Official Secrets Act—
You are supposed to be a Law Officer—answer the questions.
Order.
Mr Jenrick, when you get a UQ, you get your time, and I want you to be heard in silence, quite rightly, because this is an important issue that affects this House—but I do not need barracking from the Opposition Benches.
I want you to help me.
If you wish to catch my eye in the future, this is not the best way to do so.