They had two goes at trying to update it, and they did not do anything about it.
We have been in government for seven months now, and this is what we have inherited.
In a lot of areas, we have inherited things that we would not necessarily have wanted to have inherited.
As I have said before to the House, we will be looking at police reform going forward, and part of that conversation will be around financial issues.
What steps she is taking to reduce the use of hotels to house asylum seekers.
What steps she is taking to reduce the number of people living in asylum hotels.
We are continuing to reduce the use of asylum hotels from the peak, which was reached under the previous Government, when more than 400 hotels were in use across the country at a cost of £9 million every day.
We are determined to end the use of hotels over time as part of our wider objective to cut the costs of asylum accommodation and restore order to our immigration system.
Asylum seekers are forced to live in limbo.
Bournemouth hotels cost the taxpayer eye-watering sums, as we just heard, and everyone is stuck in a situation that nobody wants.
I have written to Bournemouth, Christchurch and Poole council to express opposition to additional asylum hotels in my constituency.
Will the Minister outline how the Home Office has reallocated resources following the election to speed up the closure of hotels and the processing of asylum applications, to turn a page on 14 years of Conservative failure?
We are determined to end hotel usage as part of our objective to cut the costs of asylum accommodation.
A key element of that is clearing the asylum backlog and increasing returns, so that the system operates swiftly, firmly and fairly.
I am afraid that determination will not quite cut it, will it?
Pensioners in North Dorset who have been deprived of their winter fuel allowance and farmers who have been hit by and are now facing a massive tax burden will want to know how the Minister will reduce the cost of asylum hotels, which is, as she says, eye-wateringly high.
The action and her words are not apparently matching.
We have to deal with the chaotic system that we inherited from the Conservatives.
We are doing that in various ways.
One of the big things that we are trying to do is speed up the system and end the backlog so that we can get people out of hotels.
What steps she is taking to tackle phone theft.
The Government are determined to act to ensure that people feel safe on our streets.
On  6 February  the Home Secretary brought together law enforcement agencies and representatives of the mobile phone industry to discuss what more could be done to break the business model of mobile phone theft, and to bring about stronger collaboration across those agencies to crack down on the criminal networks that are operating in this trade.
In earlier times mobile phone theft was seen as an urban issue, but as has been evidenced by my postbag over the last couple of weeks, it is increasing in our rural towns and villages.
What discussions is the Minister having with her colleagues in the Ministry of Justice to ensure that repeat perpetrators of this crime face custodial sentences?
While there is a concentration of phone thefts in the Metropolitan police area in particular, it is important to note that they are happening around the country, and it is being suggested that the good practice used by those who are starting to tackle the problem, notably the West Midlands police force, should be spread to all forces.
The taskforce that I mentioned earlier in connection with a summit will meet again in three months, and I will certainly speak to my colleagues at the Ministry of Justice about the issue that the hon.