Friend will know that, for many generations, refugees who have arrived for resettlement in the UK have been able to apply for British citizenship if they meet the conditions, and that continues to be the case.
The UK must always do its bit to support those who are fleeing persecution, but we are also clear that we must do all we can to prevent people from making dangerous boat crossings and risking their lives in the arms of criminal gangs.
I call the shadow Minister.
As we have heard, according to the Centre for Policy Studies, over 800,000 migrants from the past five years could soon claim indefinite leave to remain.
In NHS care, benefits, social housing and more, that will cost £234 billion—nearly six years of defence spending, or almost all income tax receipts for a year.
Will the Minister commit to extending the qualifying period for ILR, or will she accept that the consequence of her policy is a liability for the public of hundreds of billions of pounds?
I am still quite flabbergasted by the questions that the Conservatives ask in the House.
Their party saw net migration more than quadruple to record levels.
The shadow Minister will know that the Prime Minister has also pledged a White Paper on reducing net migration—that was at the end of last year—and work is under way to consider a range of proposals, including how better to support the integration and employability of refugees.
What recent progress her Department has made on tackling antisocial behaviour.
What recent progress her Department has made on tackling antisocial behaviour.
May I support you, Mr Speaker, in your words about the people of Ukraine on the third anniversary of the invasion, including those who are here in the UK through the Homes for Ukraine scheme?
Too many communities are blighted by antisocial behaviour, which has increased over the past 10 years while neighbourhood policing was heavily cut.
That is why this Government’s plan for change means putting neighbourhood police back on the beat in our town centres and communities, and stronger powers in our crime and policing Bill—to be introduced tomorrow—to tackle off-road bikes, repeat offenders and shop theft.
Mark Porter is a community leader who runs Kidsgrove Ladsanddads.
Around 400 young people play football at Birchenwood fields every weekend, yet the football pitches are constantly damaged by  off-road bikes.
The same happens at Burslem golf club and across estates such as Mill Hill in Tunstall.
What steps will be taken to tackle the impact of off-road parks on communities in Stoke-on-Trent North and Kidsgrove?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
Some off-road bikes are a total nightmare and can drive communities up the wall with harassment and intimidation.
That is why we are strengthening powers.
At the moment, the police must provide repeat warnings before they can take action to seize such bikes; we think that they should be able to seize those antisocial bikes straightaway.
Antisocial behaviour comes in a variety of forms.
Norfolk police have recently made it a priority to address safety concerns about e-bikes and e-scooters.
In just one day, they reportedly seized 12 illegally modified bikes in Norwich.
I welcome that crackdown, but speeding e-bikes and e-scooters are a real menace in our city centre.
Will the Home Secretary expand on the measures that we will take to tackle speeding and illegally modified e-bikes and e-scooters?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise this issue, which causes havoc and can be really threatening for people in the local community.
That is why we will strengthen the law by supporting the police to take stronger action on off-road bikes, and by introducing respect orders so that we can ban repeat offenders from town centres and tackle the antisocial behaviour that has blighted communities for far too long.
Antisocial behaviour is a problem not just in our town centres, but in our parks.