Its danger lies not just in physical violence, but in the intolerance it embodies and the intimidation it relies on.
Will the Home Secretary give a clear answer to this question?
Should it be a criminal offence to desecrate a Koran or any holy text: yes or no?
We are clear that the primary domestic terrorist threat comes from Islamist terrorism, which comprises three quarters of the MI5 caseload and 64% of those in custody for terrorism-connected offences.
That is followed by extreme right-wing terrorism, which comprises around a quarter of the MI5 caseload.
We already have a framework of legislation in place to ensure that we can deal with the dangerous threats to our cohesion and our communities that we face.
What steps she is taking to help reduce shop thefts.
What assessment she has made of trends in the level of retail crime.
In the last year of the previous Government, shop theft reached a record high, and violence and abuse towards retail workers increased to an unacceptable level.
This Government will not tolerate these crimes.
As a central part of our safer streets mission, we are committed to introducing a new stand-alone offence of assaulting a retail worker and ending the effective immunity for shop theft of goods under £200, because there is no such thing as low-level crime.
I was recently contacted by a constituent who works in a small high street supermarket.
He and his colleagues have frequently been violently attacked by shoplifters, so what else can the Minister say about what the Government can do to protect shop workers?
It is appalling to hear about cases such as the ones in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
I am very struck—like everyone else across the House, I think—by how commonplace violence and abuse against shop workers has sadly become.
The Government have made it absolutely clear that everybody who goes to work has the right to feel safe on the job, and we will not tolerate the criminality that we have seen in recent times.
That is why, following years of campaigning from the Union of Shop, Distributive and Allied Workers and the Co-op, this Labour Government will finally deliver a stand-alone criminal offence of assaulting a retail worker.
Shop workers in Doncaster have told me time and again that they are fed up with the amount of shoplifting going on and the antisocial behaviour that goes with it, which includes threats and sometimes physical violence.
This kind of crime needs to be crushed.
I am pleased to hear that a stand-alone offence of assaulting a retail worker is to be included in the legislation being introduced this week, but will the Minister confirm that the police will have the clout to enforce the law and make sure we eliminate this kind of activity?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
Our commitment to neighbourhood policing and putting the police officers, police community support officers and special constables back into our neighbourhoods—into our communities, high streets and town centres—will enable the police to take the action we all want to see against the antisocial behaviour that my hon.
Friend talks about.
One of the best ways of tackling retail crime and associated antisocial behaviour among young people is through targeted preventive work with at-risk pupils in schools.
An example is the guidance and welfare unit at Cavendish school in Eastbourne.
That unit was set up by my former headteacher, Mr Fitzpatrick, who is in the Public Gallery today, along with my former head of year, Mrs Fitzpatrick, who is also in the Gallery.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating inspirational teachers such as them on their critical safeguarding and prevention work with young people across Eastbourne and beyond?
I do not want to get into trouble; I would like to congratulate Mr and Mrs Fitzpatrick on the work they have done—we know how important that early preventive work is.