BMW has announced a £300 million investment in Rolls-Royce, which it owns.
It remains committed to this investment in the UK, but I appreciate that there will be concerns among the workers to whom the hon.
Gentleman has been talking, and I am always happy to meet people to discuss these matters in more detail.
Tata’s Llanwern steelworks in my constituency produces world-class automotive steel.
The Minister has acknowledged the importance of the automotive sector.
Will she also acknowledge the importance of having a strong steel industry, and of plants like Llanwern making steel for EVs, and put that at the heart of the forthcoming industrial strategy—a strategy that the Conservatives never had?
I am glad that my hon.
Friend has managed, as ever, to bring steel into the debate.
It is incredibly important, and that is why we will have a separate steel strategy, on top of the work that we are doing in the industrial strategy to ensure a thriving sector in the future.
That will look at all the issues that we are grappling with and that she knows about, including the transition, energy prices, access to finance, access to grid connections and scrap.
We will continue to ensure that the UK’s six steel producers can thrive and bring in new business.
In answer to the shadow Secretary of State,  the hon.
Member for Mid Buckinghamshire (Greg Smith) , the Minister stated that the strategy is resulting in people wanting to invest in the United Kingdom.
The sad fact is that as a result of the mad net zero policies that this Government are following, we are losing investment every week; this is yet another example.
Does the Minister not follow the logic?
If we punish people for not wanting the cars that we produce, the companies will cut back production and jobs, consumers will not get what they want, and economic growth will be affected.
When will this Government come to the conclusion that this policy of net zero and punishing people is wrong?
I do not know if the right hon.
Gentleman saw that the CBI brought out figures over the weekend showing that the net zero economy grew by 10% last year, which is significantly more than the economy as a whole.
We are absolutely right to transition to electric vehicles, so that we can stick to our commitments on climate change.
We are being pragmatic in how we do that.
We are not following the same policy as the previous Government, because we are talking to industry and consulting.
We will publish the results of the  consultation on how the flexibilities within the transition are working, and whether we need to change them in any way.
The British car industry was thriving until the Conservative party introduced net stupid zero, and now we have another car plant at risk; another business struggling and losing hundreds of millions of pounds; and hundreds more British jobs at risk.
Does the Minister agree that the automotive industry in the UK will continue to decline until we scrap net zero?
Here we go with the same old lines.
The hon.
Gentleman tells us that net zero is a massive con, yet he owns a company that is investing in electric car charging ports.
I rest my case.
On that well-known BMW plant in Strangford, I call Jim Shannon.
The Minister has a real interest in the matters for which she has ministerial responsibility; I want to put on the record my thanks to her.
When we have had meetings on other issues relating to Northern Ireland, she has been anxious to help and support me, and I appreciate that.
The decision not to go ahead with the EV production is disappointing to say the least, but it perhaps indicates a wider issue that we face in the manufacturing industry due to rising costs.