I draw attention to my entry in the register of interests.
I expected the Secretary of State to hide from talk of CVs, but it seems that also applies to EVs.
This weekend we saw the disastrous consequences of Labour’s rigid approach to net zero: BMW hitting the brakes on a £600 million investment in Plant Oxford.
That deal, from 2023, would have secured 4,000 high-quality jobs and was a strong vote of confidence in the UK.
Like other deals, it was possible only because the previous Government were willing to be pragmatic.
The Conservatives made the sensible decision to delay the ban on internal combustion engine cars, bringing the UK into line with major global economies such as France, Germany, Sweden and Canada, but Labour said it knew better, restoring the 2030 phase-out date in its manifesto.
When the negative impacts of that approach became clear, the Government launched a fast-track consultation on the zero emission vehicle mandate, pitifully attempting to buy themselves time.
Surely, no consultation is necessary.
The effects of their puritanical ZEV obsession is already clear: Jaguar Land Rover says that the ZEV mandate is causing disruption to the market; Vauxhall has confirmed that it will shut down its Luton factory, citing the ZEV  mandate as making the plant less economically viable; and now the future of Plant Oxford—the home of the Mini since 1959—is uncertain.
Labour’s reckless policies have shattered industry confidence, with consumer demand for EVs dropping off a cliff and numbers only just about sustained by subsidised fleet sales.
Will the Minister do the right thing: stop hiding behind consultations and acknowledge that the Government’s ideological approach to net zero will lead only to economic disaster for our automotive sector and consumers alike?
It is hard to know where to start.
The “puritanical ZEV obsession” was, as the hon.
Gentleman knows, a Conservative policy from the last Government.
The only changes made to that policy under the last Prime Minister dampened demand by changing the deadline, and hampered manufacturers by not ensuring flexibility or pragmatism in how the policy operated—it was the worst of both worlds.
By contrast, Labour and the Government are acting with pragmatism.
We are listening to industry and working at pace to get this right.
We are also creating the conditions in which the automotive industry can thrive.
That means delivering not just the economic and political stability so lacking under the previous Government, but an industrial strategy that will deliver growth, including in the automotive industry; investing £2 billion in automotive transition through the Budget; investing in research and development; supporting and talking to our industries; and understanding the global climate.
It was really clear in BMW’s statement that there were macroeconomic global and commercial reasons why the decision to delay was made, but BMW is clear that it is still committed to this investment in the UK.
I have talked to my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Oxford East (Anneliese Dodds) , who is liaising closely with workers and unions, as would be expected.
We will continue to work to ensure the right economic and political climate, so that these industries can grow.
Will the Minister update the House on progress on the industrial strategy for the automotive industry?
How will that support supply chains in places like Dudley and across the west midlands?
We are working at pace on delivering the industrial strategy in the spring.
There are 150,000 good jobs in the automotive industry, and we want to see those jobs grow.
We have identified eight growth sectors that the industrial strategy will turbocharge.
Advanced manufacturing is one of them, and that of course includes the auto industry.
We have £2 billion of investment, committed at the Budget, to underpin that.
We are also working in the industrial strategy on identifying any barriers to growth, so that we can ensure that the sector grows in the years to come.