As the Front-Bench spokesperson for the Liberal Democrats knows, that is not our plan, and we are clear that net migration needs to come down.
It quadrupled under the previous Conservative Government in the space of just four years, and that number needs to come down.
We believe we should support young people across this country, including through youth prevention partnerships.
Exactly two weeks ago today, Dariusz Serafin tragically died from a knife wound on the streets of West Ealing—on a road long blighted by antisocial behaviour, about which I had written to the police just the week before.
How will the Government’s new respect orders and the crackdown on knives help bring reassurance to my constituents in West Ealing?
I am very sorry to hear about the incident to which my hon.
Friend refers.
She will know that we have a commitment to halve knife crime over the next decade.
We have already introduced the ban on zombie knives and machetes, and we are moving forward with the ban on ninja swords.
Last week, the Home Secretary announced the new measures under Ronan’s law to tighten the lethal loopholes in the online sale of knives, and we are developing the Young Futures programme, with prevention partnerships at their heart, to stop young people getting involved in knife crime.
My constituent Kia McNicoll is a mother of four children, and her three-year-old, Patryk, was recently diagnosed with cancer.
Kia’s mother-in-law recently applied for a visa extension so that she can help the family with childcare through these most horrific of circumstances, but her application was rejected.
Forgive me, Mr Speaker, but I cannot tell the difference between this Labour Government and the Tories who came before them.
Will the Minister commit to looking at this application again, so that my constituent can focus on what matters most: the health of her son?
I thank the hon.
Member for his question, and if he wants to write to me about that case, I will be very happy to look at it.
Eenie and Meenie, two white cats from Stanbridge, were recently shot and killed.
Could the Minister outline what discussions she has had with local police to that ensure that these crimes are properly investigated and that the law is upheld?
The abuse of animals using weapons of any type is an incredibly serious matter, and there are such provisions in the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981, the Wild Mammals (Protection) Act 1996 and the Animal Welfare Act 2006.
There is a range of offences, and I encourage anyone who witnesses this kind of event to report it to the police.
I will certainly discuss what more we can do with my colleagues in the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs.
Many of my constituents have raised concerns about e-bikes and e-scooters being a safety hazard when modified or misused.
What is the Minister doing to tackle riders travelling at high speeds on pavements and other pedestrian areas, and help my constituents to feel safe on their streets again?
I can reassure the hon.
Member that dangerous and antisocial behaviour involving e-bikes will be covered by the legislation we are introducing tomorrow to tackle vehicles and off-road bikes used in antisocial behaviour, so that we can keep streets and communities safe.
Antisocial behaviour is too common on the Wirral and it ruins lives.
This morning I spoke to my constituent Henry, who told me that having groups of youths hanging outside, intimidating and damaging property, made him feel like a prisoner in his own home.
What more can be done to tackle such abuse and to support victims?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise this issue.
Too often antisocial behaviour is dismissed as a low-level crime, yet it can make people’s lives a complete misery.