That unit was set up by my former headteacher, Mr Fitzpatrick, who is in the Public Gallery today, along with my former head of year, Mrs Fitzpatrick, who is also in the Gallery.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating inspirational teachers such as them on their critical safeguarding and prevention work with young people across Eastbourne and beyond?
I do not want to get into trouble; I would like to congratulate Mr and Mrs Fitzpatrick on the work they have done—we know how important that early preventive work is.
That is why this Government are also committed to our prevention partnerships, identifying young people who are on the cusp of getting involved in criminality and diverting them, and putting the resources in to make sure they make much better choices in their lives.
Harrogate has a wealth of independent stores that attract people to the town from across the region—including shoplifters, unfortunately.
I have been speaking with Harrogate business improvement district about what it can do to help tackle shoplifting.
It has an increasingly good relationship with North Yorkshire police.
What steps is the Minister taking to encourage North Yorkshire police and other police organisations to work with local community and business organisations to crack down on shoplifting?
The hon.
Gentleman makes an important point.
I visited North Yorkshire last week, and one of the issues there is how well the police are working with communities and the retail sector to start to tackle some of the issues around retail crime.
Over the next three years, £7 million will be allocated to support the police to tackle retail crime through the specialist team Opal, which is the national police intelligence unit.
That unit is looking at the serious organised criminal gangs that are now involved in retail theft.
What steps she is taking to reduce rural crime.
The Government are committed to tackling rural crime.
We recognise the devastating consequences it can have on communities and the agricultural sector.
Under our reforms, rural areas will be safeguarded through tougher measures to clamp down on antisocial behaviour, to strengthen neighbourhood policing and to take action to prevent fly-tipping.
Antisocial behaviour in Tyrley, a small village in my constituency, has had a significant impact on the community.
Small rural communities like these often feel overlooked and struggle to have their voices heard when it comes to policing and public safety.
Will the Government ensure that rural communities, such as Tyrley, receive the named police officer guarantee, so that they have a dedicated point of contact for policing and for support?
Yes, and my hon.
Friend raises an important point about those small parts of larger rural communities and how they can feel that our neighbourhood policing guarantee will provide them with reassurance.
There is the named officer guarantee, and it is worth recognising the use of things such as WhatsApp groups in big rural areas, where intelligence can be fed into the police.
That can also be helpful for those communities to feel safe.
Policing in rural areas is increasingly complex, but rural constabularies receive much less funding than inner-city ones.
I know the Minister will jump on this opportunity to complain about the last Government, but will she at least take a moment to commit to publishing the methodology behind the funding formula and open a conversation about fairer funding for rural police forces?
The hon.
Gentleman is right: I am going to say that the funding formula was introduced by the previous Government—I think in 2011.
They had two goes at trying to update it, and they did not do anything about it.
We have been in government for seven months now, and this is what we have inherited.
In a lot of areas, we have inherited things that we would not necessarily have wanted to have inherited.