That is the kind of opportunity that we want to create and deliver.
Jaguar Land Rover, which has its engine manufacturing centre based in Staffordshire, is a vital employer for people not just in Staffordshire, but right across the west midlands.
That plant is pioneering the development of electric vehicles for JLR.
What additional support and flexibility will there be from the Government to ensure that Great British brands continue to prosper in the west midlands?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right to talk about Great British brands.
We have some incredible small car manufacturers, as well as larger ones, in the UK, and there is great diversity of provision.
We are supporting the development of gigafactories in the UK, so that we can make the batteries that we need.
We are helping with R&D and innovation to make our cars more sophisticated and efficient, and supporting the large manufacturers to ensure that the conditions are right for them to develop in the UK.
We are doing all those things through our industrial strategy and our automotive strategy.
I work with the Automotive Council; we met just a couple of weeks ago to talk about the vibrant future that we see for automotives in the UK.
I am always happy to talk to JLR about its plans, and have done so several times.
I know that the shadow Minister struggles with the dynamics of the automotive industry, but for the last 20 years, 50% of new vehicle sales have been fleet and business sales.
Does the Minister agree that the decision taken today is a commercial decision, based around the structure of BMW’s dealer network, as opposed to an obsession with petrol and diesel vehicles?
My hon.
Friend as absolutely right to say that this is a commercial decision.
As he would expect, we are talking to representatives of BMW; my officials were with them in Munich a couple of weeks ago, and I have met the UK managing director several times.
We are talking to them to support the commercial decisions that they need to make.
They have made it clear that there were macroeconomic, global and commercial reasons for the delay that has been announced; such delays are not uncommon.
I know that BMW remains committed to this investment in the UK.
More than 300 employees at the BMW plant in Oxford live in my constituency, and this morning I met plant convenors from the Unite union to discuss the impact that the uncertainty at the plant is having on those workers and their families.
Can the Minister outline exactly how the new industrial strategy will help the plant to become more competitive, in the face of severe competition from other BMW plants in the EU, the US and China?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to highlight the concern that I suspect those employees feel.
They have known about this change since last year.
There are 3,500 people who work in the Oxford plant and many more who work at Rolls-Royce, which is owned by BMW, and in other parts of the UK.
Through the industrial strategy, we are looking at a number of issues that we will use the £2 billion for, and we will use the powers that we have.
Skills, energy costs and access to finance are all issues that we are having lots of conversations about, as well as the transition to electric vehicles.
We are making sure that the flight path for investment in the UK is as good as possible, and that those who are already investing in the UK continue to do so.
BMW has announced a £300 million investment in Rolls-Royce, which it owns.
It remains committed to this investment in the UK, but I appreciate that there will be concerns among the workers to whom the hon.
Gentleman has been talking, and I am always happy to meet people to discuss these matters in more detail.