Lady’s point about the funding formula and how that affects the two forces that straddle her constituency.
We are going into a spending review and I know officials have met representatives from Gloucestershire constabulary to talk about the financial situation.
We will keep that under review as we work towards the spending review.
Like Gloucestershire police, Essex police is receiving additional funding this year; in fact, we are getting increased funding of £27 million.
Despite that, the front desk at Harlow police station is under threat.
Does the Minister agree that given the additional funding, police services in Harlow in Essex should be increasing not decreasing, and that any proposals not to do so are down to historical underfunding by the previous Government?
I am very pleased that Essex has got that increase in funding.
I gently point out that the decisions around how those resources are used are for the police and crime commissioner and the chief constable, but, overall, more than £1.1 billion is going into policing, over and above what the previous Government put in in 2024-25.
What steps her Department is taking with international partners to counter the threat of terrorism.
This weekend’s horrific attack in Mulhouse in France has again reminded us of the threat from terrorists and from Islamist extremism, which can strike at any time.
I have spoken to the French Interior Minister this morning to offer our support and any assistance needed.
We will continue to work with our European colleagues and the Five Eyes partnership to tackle these threats, both internationally and here in the UK.
Sadly, the misappropriation of religious belief to justify acts of terror and intimidation has become familiar across the world.
We have seen the minds of  too many of our young people corrupted by online pedlars of hate, so what action are this Government taking to tackle radicalisation at a time when xenophobia and intolerance are being promoted for political purposes?
My hon.
Friend is right that terrorists do not speak for any faith.
Interfaith relationships are an important part of developing stronger communities, but we are clear that in the Government and across society we have to do more to prevent radicalisation and particularly the growing numbers of young people from being drawn into terrorism—both Islamist extremism and extreme right-wing threats.
That is why tomorrow we will introduce new youth diversion orders through our crime and policing Bill to give the police new powers to divert young people away from terrorism.
Although I welcome what the Home Secretary is saying about the need to divert and prevent home-grown terrorism, does she accept that a pattern of terrorism is emerging in continental Europe of undocumented migrants going into countries and committing terrorist acts?
Does she agree that it is very difficult for the authorities to prevent anything of that sort if undocumented illegal migrants are released into society when they arrive on these shores?
We are clear that we need to tackle extremist and terror threats wheresoever they are found, which includes making sure that we have strengthened border security.
That is why we have put forward new counter-terror style powers around people smuggling and trafficking to strengthen our border security, and it is also why we need to tackle particularly the radicalisation we see online.
That is where we also see young people being drawn into extremist and terror threats.
Wheresoever that is found, we need strong action in place to keep our country safe.
I call the shadow Minister.
In fighting terrorism, the Security Minister has rightly said that Islamism is the foremost threat we face.
Its danger lies not just in physical violence, but in the intolerance it embodies and the intimidation it relies on.
Will the Home Secretary give a clear answer to this question?
Should it be a criminal offence to desecrate a Koran or any holy text: yes or no?