Slava Ukraini.
I am very grateful to the right hon.
Lady for the unity she demonstrates once again in the Chamber on the subject.
I confirm for her that, of course, all hardware and military support, all diplomatic support and all humanitarian support continue.
We continue to discuss those issues with our European partners, particularly at meetings at the Munich security conference and subsequentially, and we will continue to do that, to ensure that we put Ukraine in the strongest possible position.
The right hon.
Lady rightly mentioned the British casualties during the last few years.
Some 17 British nationals who served as members of the armed forces of Ukraine have been killed in action, and we remember them on this day.
The right hon.
Lady also rightly mentioned our continued solidarity with Ukraine.
We continue to discuss sanctions with our European partners.
Just as we have announced a sanctions package today, the EU, following its meeting with the Foreign Affairs Council, has announced a sanctions package too, which will all bear down on Putin’s war machine.
I can confirm that we continue to support Ukraine with a medical aid package for its men and women on the frontline.
I am grateful to the Defence Secretary for making further funds available in relation to that.
The right hon.
Lady rightly comments on defence spending.
We are grateful for the unity that the official Opposition are demonstrating on the issue.
As we have said, it is very clear to all that Europe must pay a bigger part of the burden.
In capitals across the continent, leaders are considering these issues.
We have said that we will come forward with our plans shortly, and we will.
In that context, as we have seen from the Secretary-General, NATO has been very clear about the burden-sharing and burden-shifting environment that we are now in.
I call the Chair of the Defence Committee.
In my role as Chair of the Defence Committee, I get the opportunity to meet many ambassadors, Defence Ministers, attachés and other stakeholders, both here in London and at events and gatherings such as the Munich security conference.
There is considerable consternation and anxiety among them about whether long-established and hard-earned alliances, rather than a short-term transactional approach, can still be relied on.
Given the reduced American presence, and as we mark the third anniversary of Putin’s full-scale illegal invasion of Ukraine, people are looking for leadership.
I feel that this is our time as a nation to take that lead on defence and security matters in our continent.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that it can be our Prime Minister who takes that lead in our continent while pulling together our transatlantic, NATO and other allies in the process?
The UK has been ironclad in its support for Ukraine.
We have been forward-leaning as Ukraine’s primary friend in Europe and across the world, under successive Governments.
It is also the case that we have a special relationship with the United States, underpinned by a lot of military and defence capability and support over many, many years and, of course, a very close intelligence relationship.
We bring all of that to bear in ensuring that we get a resolution to this terrible conflict, but a resolution that means we have an enduring peace in which Ukraine is at the centre of discussions.
My hon.
Friend should be absolutely sure that the UK intends to play its part, which is why we will meet with Donald Trump this week.
The Prime Minister has also been at the centre of much shuttle diplomacy over this last period.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I thank the Foreign Secretary for advance sight of his statement.
Today marks three years since Putin launched his barbaric full-scale invasion of Ukraine.
Many people, including Putin, expected Russian tanks to capture Kyiv in days, yet Putin failed to consider the resolve of the Ukrainian people.