Friend is right to raise this issue, which causes havoc and can be really threatening for people in the local community.
That is why we will strengthen the law by supporting the police to take stronger action on off-road bikes, and by introducing respect orders so that we can ban repeat offenders from town centres and tackle the antisocial behaviour that has blighted communities for far too long.
Antisocial behaviour is a problem not just in our town centres, but in our parks.
That is why my constituents are extremely concerned about plans to axe the specialist royal parks policing unit and subsume it into community support teams, given the £450 million shortfall facing the Met police.
This means that Bushy Park in my constituency will undoubtedly get less police coverage.
What assurances can the Home Secretary give my constituents that they will not see fewer police officers in our communities and our parks?
This Government are clear: we need to get more police back on the beat.
The number of police community support officers has halved over the past 10 to 15 years, and there has been a big drop in the number of neighbourhood police officers on the beat.
That is why next year we are increasing neighbourhood policing, with an additional £200 million of investment.
That is part of up to £1.1 billion of additional funding next year for our police forces across the country.
The Home Secretary will be aware that councils up and down the country have real problems with nuisance tenants creating mayhem, committing crimes and making residents’ lives a misery, so does she agree that there should be a “one strike and out” policy for these tenants, and that if they keep creating problems, they should be out and the local authority should have no duty to rehouse them?
We need stronger action against antisocial behaviour, whether that involves havoc in town centres, off-road bikes or nuisance neighbours making the community’s lives a misery.
That is why the Government  are increasing neighbourhood policing and giving the police and local communities much stronger powers to crack down on antisocial behaviour so that we can take back our communities from the vandals, the thieves and those who make others’ lives a misery.
Like my hon.
Friend  the Member for Norwich North (Alice Macdonald) , I find that constituents consistently mention the antisocial use of e-scooters and e-bikes, and I certainly welcome on my constituents’ behalf the measures in the crime and policing Bill about seizing such vehicles.
Will Ministers talk to the Department for Transport about updating legislation, particularly in relation to e-scooters?
Their usage has exploded but legislation has not kept pace.
We are working with the Department for Transport.
We need to keep communities safe, ensure that proper safety standards are met and tackle antisocial behaviour.
I have also seen the work of Staffordshire police, who are using drones to follow riders of dangerous off-road bikes and take action.
Does the Home Secretary agree that it would be easier for the police to tackle antisocial behaviour if they had more support for special constables?
The number of special constables has fallen in recent years, particularly since the pandemic.
Will she agree to consider amending the Employment Rights Act 1996 to bring special constables within section 50?
I agree that special constables can play an important role.
Their numbers have dropped by around two thirds over the past 14 years.
I think that is damaging, and we want to increase their numbers.
We are working with police forces on how best to achieve that so that they can play their part, both on the streets in neighbourhood teams and in supporting other specialist aspects of the police’s work.