Vladimir Putin and his war are no historical aberration.
He draws on a tsarist tradition—the imperialism and authoritarianism of Peter the Great or Nicholas I—and a Soviet tradition: he is, after all, a KGB agent who operates by deception.
It was an American diplomat, George Kennan, whose “long telegram” in 1946 warned of a deep continuity in Kremlin thinking.
He argued that the Kremlin would respond only to strength.
That was the basis for the policy of containment, as part of which Britain contributed tens of thousands of troops to the British Army of the Rhine.
It was that strength, not paper promises, that deterred Moscow from further advances west.
Today, let us look at the Kremlin’s recent record.
The Helsinki Final Act of 1975—betrayed.
The Budapest memorandum of 1994—betrayed.
The NATO-Russia Founding Act of 1997—betrayed.
The Minsk agreements of 2014 and 2015—betrayed.
This is foreign policy by lies.
We must respond by being true to ourselves and provide the support Ukraine needs to stay strong, because that is what is needed to secure a lasting peace and shape our collective security so that Putin never invades again.
The UK has a unique role in helping to make that happen.
My right hon.
and learned Friend the Prime Minister was in Paris last week talking to our European allies about how we step up support for Ukraine, accelerate work on security guarantees and take more responsibility for the security of our continent.
In Munich, I spoke to Vice-President Vance and Secretary of State Rubio.
In Brussels, my right hon.
Friend the Defence Secretary chaired the Ukraine defence contact group, where US Defence Secretary Pete Hegseth confirmed that, like us, the US wants to see a sovereign, prosperous Ukraine.
Europe must shoulder its share of the burden.
With the United States and its unique capabilities, we can deter Putin from attacking Ukraine again and from escalating hybrid Russian attacks in Europe into some form of direct confrontation, so this week the Prime Minister and I will be travelling to Washington DC to meet President Trump.
Ukraine needs friends and allies on both sides of the Atlantic working together to achieve “peace through strength”.
Both President Trump and President Zelensky have spoken of their desire to achieve that, and the Prime Minister will reaffirm to Zelensky in a call today that it is Britain’s goal as well.
That must include European countries investing more in our own defence and capabilities.
Already, the UK has stepped up and sped up military assistance.
We have committed £3 billion in military aid a year—every year, for as long it takes.
Over the next two years, we will provide an additional £2.26 billion earmarked for military spending, via our share of the $50 billion G7 loan backed by frozen Russian assets.
In addition, as the Prime Minister has made clear, we know our Kremlin history, and that is why we are ready to contribute to future security guarantees for Ukraine in the context of a US backstop, including by putting our own troops on the ground if necessary.
That would not be an easy decision—anyone in this House who has taken responsibility for the lives of British servicemen and women can attest to that—but I know the whole House recognises that Ukraine’s security is our security.
The UK also continues to set the pace on ratcheting up the economic pressure on the Kremlin.
Together with our international partners, we have already denied Russia access to $400 billion.
Its war economy is increasingly unsustainable.
Inflation is 9.9% and rising, and that is just the official figure.
Interest rates are running at 21%.
This year, Russia will spend almost 41% of its budget on defence and security.