I will just point out to the shadow Home Secretary that when the Conservatives were in government, we saw that many people arrive in the space of just over 100 days, because they completely lost control of our  borders and let criminal gangs take hold along the channel.
Some 84,000 people arrived in small boats while the Rwanda policy that he somehow wants to reintroduce managed to send just four volunteers.
We have increased returns by over 20% to 19,000, which is important.
I hope he will explain why he voted against counter-terrorism powers to go after smuggler gangs.
The Home Secretary talks about the Rwanda scheme.
Of course, it never even started, as she well knows.
The first flight was due to take off after the election, but she cancelled it.
She mentions that returns have gone up.
What she fails to mention is that the vast majority of those people did not enter the country by small boat.
The number of small boat returns went down after this Government came into office, and it represents only 4% of people crossing the English channel.
Does she really think that letting 96% of illegal immigrants stay here is going to deter anybody?
I just say to the shadow Home Secretary that the Rwanda scheme ran for two years.
It was running for two years—
It never started.
Exactly!
All they managed to do—
Order.
Please, let us show a little bit more restraint, and when you ask a question, at least wait for the answer.
The scheme ran for two years, and the Conservatives spent £700 million of taxpayers’ money to return just four people.
In the period during which the shadow Home Secretary was in the Government, 128,000 people arrived on small boats, and only a tiny percentage of them were ever returned, even though that number included 12,000 Albanians.
This Government are having to sort out this chaos, but his party is again failing to support counter-terrorism powers against smuggler and trafficking gangs—siding with the criminal smuggler gangs instead of the people of Britain.
It is illegal to post a prostitution advert in a phone box, yet the very same advert can be freely posted online by a pimping website.
Such websites are making it as easy to order a woman to exploit as it is to order a takeaway.
Does the Minister agree that we must urgently update our anti-pimping laws to make it a criminal offence to enable or to profit from the prostitution of another person online or offline?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this important point.
The Government are clear that online platforms are a significant enabler of sexual exploitation, and must be responsible and held accountable for the content of their sites, including taking proactive steps to prevent their sites being used by criminals.
We are implementing the Online Safety Act 2023, which sets out priority offences, including sexual exploitation and human trafficking.
I call the Liberal Democrats spokesperson.
On a recent visit to Marple sixth-form college, I was reminded that the last Conservative Government abandoned young people and our economy by trashing our relationship with Europe, so I was delighted to see recent reports in The Times that the Prime Minister will offer a youth mobility scheme in negotiations with the EU.
This is a common-sense approach that will give our young people opportunities and help grow our economy.
Will the Secretary of State support delivering the best possible deal for young people here in the UK by extending a youth mobility scheme to the EU?
As the Front-Bench spokesperson for the Liberal Democrats knows, that is not our plan, and we are clear that net migration needs to come down.
It quadrupled under the previous Conservative Government in the space of just four years, and that number needs to come down.
We believe we should support young people across this country, including through youth prevention partnerships.