The hon.
Gentleman talks about the Government’s policies for growing the economy.
A few months ago, we held an international investment summit, at which £63 billion of investment was announced.
As I have mentioned, there was £2 billion announced in the Budget for the automotive industry.
Interest rates have been cut three times, wages are up, and more than 70,000 jobs have been secured in the UK since the Government came to power.
The International Monetary Fund and the OECD predict that the UK will be Europe’s fastest-growing economy over the next few years.
The industrial strategy was scrapped under the last Government; our industrial strategy will be the backbone of ensuring that we deliver growth.
The hon.
Gentleman asked what we were doing.
I have already set out the stability, investment and reform that we are bringing to the sector to make sure that it can thrive.
Hundreds of thousands of people rely on the automotive industry through their work in it, or in its supply chains.
Those are good, well-paid jobs, and we are absolutely determined to ensure that the sector grows.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his kind words.
I should be clear for the House that the decision has not been made to not go ahead; this is a delay and a change in timing.
BMW is committed to going ahead with the investment.
At the moment, its e-Mini is being produced in China.
This investment will bring it here to the UK.
Lots must be done in terms of energy prices, as he says.
Building a gigafactory means significant reductions in energy prices, but the wider manufacturing sector is talking to us virtually every day about these kinds of issues.
Through the industrial strategy and the reforms that we want to bring in, and by spending the £2 billion that we were allocated in the Budget, we hope to deliver a thriving automotive industry well into the future.
Before we begin today’s proceedings, I know that the House will wish to join me in acknowledging that today marks the third anniversary of the beginning of Russia’s attack on Ukraine.
This House has always stood with the people of Ukraine in the face of Russian aggression, as they stand up for their ideals, which underpin a peaceful, stable and democratic world.
Our thoughts today are with the people of Ukraine, as well as with our colleagues in the Ukrainian Parliament.
I have to notify the House, in accordance with the Royal Assent Act 1967, that His Majesty has signified his Royal Assent to the following Acts:
Arbitration Act 2025
Water (Special Measures) Act 2025.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps her Department is taking to help protect consumers against fraud.
Fraud devastates lives, and this Government are determined to meet that challenge head-on, including through the new expanded fraud strategy that we promised in our manifesto.
We are working with law enforcement and industry to better protect the public, and we are demanding that the tech companies go further and faster to protect consumers at risk of fraud on their platforms.
Online scams are a cause of particular concern in Hendon.
A number of my constituents have been targeted, and one lost £40,000 to an online scam.
Many of the scams originate overseas.
What discussions has the Minister had with the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology about tackling online scams and working with other countries to crack down on scams originating abroad?
My hon.
Friend raises an important issue, not least that the vast majority of scams are perpetrated by criminal gangs based overseas.
We need the support of overseas Governments and agencies and the co-operation  of tech firms to prevent fraud from taking place on their platforms.
My noble Friend Lord Hanson will be meeting tech firms next month to confirm what action is being taken.