However, the strategy to combat violence against women and girls that will be published by this Government in early summer will undoubtedly be looking to the NAO recommendations.
What steps her Department is taking to help reduce demand for sex trafficking and sexual exploitation.
The trafficking of women and girls for sexual exploitation is a horrific crime, and the Government work closely with law enforcement to tackle the drivers of that offending and target prolific perpetrators.
That includes through operational intensification initiatives aimed at tackling modern slavery threats.
The Online Safety Act 2023 sets  out priority offences, including sexual exploitation and human trafficking offences, and starting from  17 March , in-scope companies must adopt systems and processes to address those offences.
I thank the Minister for her response.
In 2023 the then Home Affairs Committee recommended that pimping websites be outlawed, but the previous Government took no action, allowing sex traffickers to continue legally to exploit their victims online.
I have since been made aware of further online exploitation, with websites allowing men to rate and review the women for whom they are paying for sex, including admissions of trafficking, under-age sex, and rape.
Will the Minister share what action this Government will take to protect victims of online sexual exploitation?
Like my hon.
Friend, I am horrified that such practices should be allowed to continue.
Online platforms have a duty to assess the risk of illegal harms on their services, with a deadline of  16 March 2025 , subject to the codes of practice completing the parliamentary process on  17 March .
Online platforms will need to take safety measures set out in the codes of practice, and to use other effective measures to protect users from illegal content such as that of which my hon.
Friend speaks.
If they fail to do so, they will face significant penalties.
As she might imagine, I will be keeping a close eye on that.
What measures is the Minister taking to address the record backlog of court cases in the UK, which, as the chief inspector of the Crown Prosecution Service and Serious Fraud Office has warned, is on target to hit 100,000?
In particular, can she comment on the call for changes to be made to the way that court cases are prioritised, which at present is resulting in victims of serious crimes, including sexual trafficking, exploitation and rape, facing years-long waits for trials, while less serious crimes are prioritised ahead in the queue?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question, and I recognise the parlous state of the criminal justice system that we inherited, which has led to some victims of rape and sexual violence waiting for years on end.
I note that the shadow Justice Secretary has only just noticed that failing, now that he has the word “shadow” in front of his job title, and even though his Government presided over that failing for a decade.
Part of the strategy to tackle violence against women and girls, which I work on in concert with the Ministry of Justice, is about ensuring that that issue is sorted.
I call the shadow Minister.
I have to get through the questions.
Fiona from Bradford was failed numerous times by social services and local police after suffering horrific sexual abuse at the hands of gangs of men while in a care home.
Bradford’s local authority has shamefully sought to block a local inquiry into the issue.
In Fiona’s own words:
“The Government can’t just leave it down to the local councils to decide if they’re going to be investigated, they’re going to have to enforce it.”
Will the Home Secretary reconsider a statutory inquiry into grooming gangs?
If not, how will she guarantee that cases like that can never be allowed to happen again?