In Fiona’s own words:
“The Government can’t just leave it down to the local councils to decide if they’re going to be investigated, they’re going to have to enforce it.”
Will the Home Secretary reconsider a statutory inquiry into grooming gangs?
If not, how will she guarantee that cases like that can never be allowed to happen again?
I am working with victims across the country to ensure, as has already been announced, that cold cases like the one referred to by the shadow Minister can be reopened.
The Government have invested an extra £2.5 million in the taskforce to ensure that can happen.
We will be working with local authorities across the country to ensure that the failures of the past are not repeated.
What steps she is taking to help tackle drug dealing in rural communities.
Through the county lines programme, we continue to target exploitative drug dealing gangs wherever they operate, including in rural areas, as part of our efforts to dismantle the organised crime groups behind that trade.
Since the Government took office, the county lines programme has closed over 400 drug lines running across communities in England and Wales.
In our manifesto, we committed to going after the gangs that lure young people into violence and crime.
At the weekend, we announced that we will create a new offence of child criminal exploitation in the forthcoming crime and policing Bill.
It is well known that rural and seaside areas are targeted by drug gangs.
Escapeline has assessed that up to 70,000 young people, some as young as six, are being trafficked.
In my constituency, I have recently dealt with young girls who have been provided with drugs by trusted adults in dance schools, where no action is taken, because those adults are not seen as requiring a Disclosure and Barring Service check, and with vulnerable adults who are being controlled in their homes, where there has been no response at all from local police, because my small towns are simply not seen to be a priority and resources are directed elsewhere.
How can I offer reassurance to my communities that their small towns are not being forgotten?
The hon.
Lady makes an important point.
Specific resources are available to police forces to be surged into tackling county lines.
I know the police force in Dorset, in her area, has applied for that funding in the past, so I encourage her to have a conversation with the police and crime commissioner and chief constable about what more can be done to get that resource into the towns she talks about.
If she will increase funding for Gloucestershire constabulary.
The 2025-26 final police funding settlement provides funding of up to £19.6 billion for  the policing system in England and Wales, which is an increase of £1.1 billion when compared to 2024-25.
Of that, Gloucestershire will receive up to £168.2 million, an increase of over £10 million, including £1.5 million to kickstart the recruitment of additional neighbourhood police officers and police community support officers in Gloucestershire.
My constituency straddles two large counties, Gloucestershire and Wiltshire, which both languish near the bottom of the league table of funding for constabularies.
Despite the modest rise in funding, those constabularies will have to cut policing numbers, so can the Minister assure my constituents that crimes will be addressed on a timely basis?
More money is going into policing, particularly around the neighbourhood policing guarantee that this Government promised in their manifesto.
We are providing £200 million to kickstart the recruitment of police officers, PCSOs and specials in all our communities.
I take the hon.
Lady’s point about the funding formula and how that affects the two forces that straddle her constituency.
We are going into a spending review and I know officials have met representatives from Gloucestershire constabulary to talk about the financial situation.
We will keep that under review as we work towards the spending review.