They have a three-year visa, which in many cases, obviously, is about to expire.
They have a very short window to apply for what is only an 18-month extension.
Does the Home Secretary agree that that is not long enough for Ukrainian families here to be able to plan their future, and will she reconsider?
I can say to the hon.
Gentleman that we continue to support the Homes for Ukraine scheme, which remains extremely important—I have a family from Ukraine still living with me in Yorkshire.
We will continue to support those families and will ensure that people are not disadvantaged by the deadlines that have been set.
Challenging violence against women and girls is an absolutely critical mission of this Government.
What work is the Minister doing with the Department for Education to promote positive role models in our schools and further education colleges?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
I am literally about to go into a cross-Government ministerial meeting with the Department for Education about exactly that.
Our violence against women and girls strategy will not succeed without prevention through education.
The Home Secretary quite conspicuously failed to answer the question that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Weald of Kent (Katie Lam)  asked earlier, so I am going to have another go.
Should it ever be a criminal offence for anybody to desecrate a religious text—yes or no?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that we do not have a blasphemy law in this country, nor will we have one.
Three weeks ago, I met a nine-year-old boy in Blackpool’s asylum hotel.
He cannot walk, has frequent seizures and is non-verbal.
Since May last year, his family have been requesting a wheelchair, as they have to carry him everywhere they go.
No child, especially one with these needs, should have to go without the equipment that gives them the dignity to live.
Does the Minister agree that such hotels are unsuitable for vulnerable children, and will she personally intervene to help me to get this young lad a wheelchair?
I thank my hon.
Friend for bringing this matter to my attention.
My officials have investigated, and Serco has referred the case to healthcare partners, who are currently in the process of providing a suitable wheelchair following a thorough assessment of the child’s needs.
Officials are monitoring the situation closely to ensure the family receive the support they require.
Domestic abuse services in my area are telling me there is a specific shortage of places in shelters for men, which is a particular problem for women fleeing domestic abuse with their teenage sons.
What is being done to address this problem specifically?
Refuge accommodation actually sits within the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government.
However, we have invested £30 million extra for councils to look at the need they have in their  area, which will include creating dispersal accommodation, as women with older boys are often not allowed into group accommodation.
Last week, I held a summit with local businesses in the Top of Town in Basingstoke to discuss how we can breathe new life into our town centre.
One of the key messages was that persistent antisocial behaviour is making residents feel unsafe and creating a barrier to businesses thriving.
What reassurances can the Home Secretary give businesses and constituents in Basingstoke that this Government are making progress in restoring town centre patrols?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise this matter, for both Basingstoke and towns right across the country.
Town centres were blighted by a 60% increase in shop theft in the two years before the election, as well antisocial behaviour.
That is why tackling town centre crime will be at the heart of the crime and policing Bill, introduced tomorrow.