I hope the hon.
Lady will understand that I cannot comment on operational matters, and it would not be appropriate for me either to confirm or to deny the existence of any notices under the Investigatory Powers Act 2016.
This is a long-standing position held by successive Governments for obvious reasons of national security.
What I can say is that the suggestion that privacy and security are at odds is not correct; we can and must have both.
The Investigatory Powers Act contains robust safeguards and independent oversight to protect privacy and ensure that data is obtained only on an exceptional basis, and only when it is necessary and proportionate to do so.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
I call the Home Secretary.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
“My son didn’t stand a chance.”
Those were the heartbreaking words of Pooja Kanda, whose teenage son Ronan was fatally stabbed in 2022.
His teenage killers were able to buy multiple dangerous weapons online, without any proper checks.
Following Pooja’s campaigning, we are introducing Ronan’s law, which includes tightening the rules for online retailers, increasing the maximum penalty for selling weapons to under-18s, and introducing much more stringent ID checks at the point of purchase and delivery.
I thank Commander Stephen Clayman for his crucial review in this area, which underpins the reforms, and pay tribute to the Kanda family.
We need to do everything in our power to prevent other families from suffering from terrible knife crime.
Thames Valley police are £1.9 million down this year because of the flawed formula for distributing funds to police forces after a pay award is given.
When will this historical anomaly be fixed?
I will just point out to the hon.
Gentleman that his party had 14 years to address all the things he is so concerned about now.
This Government have increased funding for policing by up to £1.1 billion next year, including £200 million to start redressing the huge cuts in neighbourhood policing that we have seen on our streets in Thames Valley and right across the country, because we need to get police back on the streets.
I thank the Minister for her previous answers, and for her commitment to reducing the number of asylum claimants in the UK.
As she will know, the UK is spending 27% of its official development assistance on housing asylum claimants—almost double the OECD average.
Our overseas spend was cut by the previous Government.
Does she agree that in order to reduce the number of claimants coming to the UK, the Government should increase the spend on building peace and security abroad?
My hon.
Friend is right to say that asylum costs make up the bulk of Home Office spend classified as ODA spending and that we are committed to reducing them, including by ending the use of hotels, which will mean that we can return that ODA resource so that it can be used upstream to prevent migratory flows from happening in the first place.
I call the shadow Home Secretary.
Border security is fundamental, but between the July election and yesterday, 25,135 people illegally and dangerously crossed the English channel—a 28% increase on the same period 12 months earlier.
Does the Home Secretary now regret ignoring the National Crime Agency’s advice that law enforcement alone is not enough and that a removals deterrent is needed?
I will just point out to the shadow Home Secretary that when the Conservatives were in government, we saw that many people arrive in the space of just over 100 days, because they completely lost control of our  borders and let criminal gangs take hold along the channel.
Some 84,000 people arrived in small boats while the Rwanda policy that he somehow wants to reintroduce managed to send just four volunteers.
We have increased returns by over 20% to 19,000, which is important.