Their numbers have dropped by around two thirds over the past 14 years.
I think that is damaging, and we want to increase their numbers.
We are working with police forces on how best to achieve that so that they can play their part, both on the streets in neighbourhood teams and in supporting other specialist aspects of the police’s work.
Greater Manchester has one of the highest crime rates in the country, with many suffering as a result of antisocial behaviour, but this weekend we saw police officers knocking on the door of a grandmother because she dared to criticise a Labour councillor for his role in the pensioner-hating WhatsApp scandal.
Does the Home Secretary agree that is a waste of police time?
The Government have been clear that the focus of policing must be on the neighbourhood crimes that blight our communities.
That is why we are increasing neighbourhood policing, because the Conservative party slashed the number of neighbourhood police on the beat and we lost thousands of neighbourhood police in our communities.
That is why we are also focusing the police on serious violence.
The legislation to be introduced tomorrow will focus on tackling serious violence and dealing with the most serious crimes in our communities—something that the Conservative party, which presided over a 61% increase in shoplifting alone during its last two years in power, failed time and again to do.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle domestic abuse in Gloucester.
The Government are determined to tackle the scourge of domestic abuse wherever it is found.
That is why we have already announced bold measures to transform the policing response to these devastating crimes.
Last week, I am proud to say, we embedded the first domestic abuse specialists in 999 control rooms in five police forces, under Raneem’s law, and we plan to equip forces everywhere with the tools they need to crack down on perpetrators and keep victims safe, including in Gloucester.
I thank my hon.
Friend for her answer, and for all the work she has done over many years to champion victims and survivors of domestic abuse.
As she will know, one of the biggest challenges facing survivors and victims in Gloucester is the financial implications of fleeing that abuse.
Will she agree to meet me to discuss my 10-minute rule Bill, the Domestic Abuse (Safe Leave) Bill, which would introduce safe leave for victims of domestic abuse and violence?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his kind words, and for his commitment to supporting victims.
He will be aware that his private Member’s Bill is the responsibility of the Department for Business and Trade, but I would of course be willing to meet him, and the Department, to discuss it.
I call the Chair of the Home Affairs Committee.
The recent National Audit Office report on the Government’s response to violence against women and girls, which includes domestic abuse, made a number of recommendations.
My Committee will be considering that issue, but will the Minister comment on what the Government’s response will be to those recommendations, and say how she will ensure that domestic abuse is tackled across the country, including in Gloucester?
I was waiting for that reference to Gloucester.
As the right hon.
Lady will know, the NAO report is largely based on the previous Government’s period in office, and although it makes clear recommendations, it would be premature of me to comment.
However, the strategy to combat violence against women and girls that will be published by this Government in early summer will undoubtedly be looking to the NAO recommendations.
What steps her Department is taking to help reduce demand for sex trafficking and sexual exploitation.
The trafficking of women and girls for sexual exploitation is a horrific crime, and the Government work closely with law enforcement to tackle the drivers of that offending and target prolific perpetrators.