I agree that it is good news that Senator De Lima has been released on bail after nearly seven years of detention.
What representations are the Government making to their counterparts in the Philippines, via the ambassador, about resolving all the other charges against her, which are believed to stem from her vocal opposition to thousands of extrajudicial killings in connection with former President Duterte’s war on drugs, and about a meaningful investigation into those killings?
The UK Government regularly engage with the Government of the Philippines on the full range of our human rights concerns.
We welcomed the 2020 UN Human Rights Council resolution, which proposed technical co-operation on human rights between the Government of the Philippines and the United Nations.
The resolution resulted in a three-year UN joint programme, which commenced in 2021, to which the UK has contributed £400,000.
We will continue to work alongside them.
Whether he has had recent discussions with his Commonwealth counterparts on the proposed readmittance of Zimbabwe to the Commonwealth.
I regularly discuss a broad range of issues, including Zimbabwe, with Commonwealth counterparts, most recently on Sunday in Dubai when I met the Commonwealth secretary-general, Baroness Scotland.
The decision on re-entry is for all members, based on the membership requirements and the values and principles set out in the Commonwealth charter.
Given the recent enlargement of the Commonwealth, the matters that the Minister referred to are important.
More than 100,000 Zimbabweans live in the UK, many in south Wales, and thousands work all year round in our NHS.
What engagement has the Minister had with the Zimbabwean diaspora to understand the diversity of perspectives and to support their views about Commonwealth membership and other challenges and issues that they face?
The hon.
Lady is right that Zimbabwe has a productive and vibrant diaspora in the United Kingdom, and we hear their views many times.
Britain warned that the election needed to be violence-free and fair, and it was certainly violence-free.
We are waiting for the full report of the observers before making a judgment on further events.
What steps he is taking to help secure the release of hostages held by Hamas.
We are working with international and regional partners to secure the release of hostages, including British nationals.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for that answer.
The hostages who have been released report sexual and physical violence committed against them while in captivity.
The Israeli Health Ministry reports that hostages were drugged to make them look happy.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that Hamas are treating hostages in an inhumane fashion, the international Red Cross should be given the opportunity to visit them all, and we should ensure that they are returned home as soon as possible?
My hon.
Friend is quite right about the rights of the international Red Cross.
We are involved in intensive diplomatic efforts to secure the release of the hostages.
It is continually raised by the Prime Minister, who met families of British people taken hostage by Hamas and of other hostages during his trip to Israel.
My hon.
Friend may rest assured that while I cannot give a running commentary on these matters, we are doing everything we can to secure their release.
I wholeheartedly support the calls for the immediate and unconditional release of all the remaining hostages held by Hamas and other groups.
However, further to the Minister’s response to my hon.
Friend  the Member for South Shields (Mrs Lewell-Buck) , I refer him to UN resolution 1860 of 2009, when the UK supported a ceasefire in Gaza and a permanent ceasefire followed a few days later.
The hon.
Lady will be well aware of the view of the Government and, indeed, of the Opposition Front Bench, on the possibility of a ceasefire at this time, which we simply do not think exists.