We all take these issues very seriously.
I was in Sri Lanka just a few weeks ago, and I was able to raise the need for progress on human rights, on reconciliation and, indeed, on accountability with the President of Sri Lanka during my visit.
As chair of the all-party parliamentary group for Tamils, may I ask my right hon.
Friend the Minister to assure the House that the FCDO is actively considering the evidence for sanctioning those credibly accused of war  crimes who are active participants in Sri Lankan high society, and that she will pass that evidence on to the United Nations Human Rights Council, in line with resolution 30/1?
I commend my hon.
Friend for his active and championing work as chair of the APPG.
He is right, and we absolutely recognise the concerns of the Sri Lankan public, and indeed victim groups, about the creation of a credible domestic accountability process.
We continue to urge the Sri Lankan Government to address those concerns.
As I said, I raised them when I was there.
I was also able to discuss human rights and justice issues with members of civil society, Tamil representatives and the governor of the Northern Province when I visited Jaffna.
I call the shadow Minister.
Sri Lanka is a key member of the Commonwealth family and occupies a strategically vital position geographically.
Warm relations are vital, but for far too long, those accused of brutal crimes in the past, including against the Tamil minority, have escaped justice.
Will the Minister outline what steps she is taking to support the Tamils’ calls for justice, including, if necessary, by taking action against existing and former Sri Lankan Ministers?
Will she outline the support for Sri Lankan democracy and human rights?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right.
We welcomed the recent written update on Sri Lanka by the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and, in September, the UK Government issued statements that emphasised the importance of inclusive transitional justice and effective governance reforms in order to highlight the arbitrary use of laws to suppress dissent.
As I said, we led UNHRC resolution 51/1 on Sri Lanka, providing the mandate for the Office of the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights to report on Sri Lanka, and we continue to work with it.
What recent diplomatic steps he has taken to help secure peace in Israel and Palestine.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential merits of formally recognising the state of Palestine.
What steps his Department is taking with international partners to support a two-state solution in Israel and Palestine.
Whether he has made an assessment of the effectiveness of Israel’s campaign against Hamas.
There must be a political solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict—a two-state solution that provides justice and security for both Israelis and Palestinians.
The aerial bombardment by Israel of one of the most densely populated regions in the world in Gaza has been devastating.
Recent statistics reported in Israel show that 61% of deaths in Gaza have been civilians.
When the Prime Minister spoke to the Israeli Prime Minister last week, did he urge him to stop besieging and blockading Gaza, to comply with international law, which must mean being proportionate, and to protect innocent lives?
The hon.
Member is right.
At the COP, the Prime Minister was able to have meetings with Qatar, Egypt and Jordan, as well as with Israel, and he reiterated the point that he has made publicly before, which is that Israel has the right to self-defence, but it must operate within international humanitarian law.
The Minister talks about the need for a two-state solution, and we will not find much disagreement on that, but how can he advocate a two-state solution when the Government refuse to recognise the state of Palestine?
Is he confident that there will be much left of Palestine after Israel’s continued bombardment?