Britain has increased planned assistance to Palestinian civilians to £60 million, and has delivered over 74 tonnes of aid.
The recent pauses in fighting were a welcome opportunity to get hostages out and aid in.
We know that more is needed: more fuel, increased humanitarian access and assistance into Gaza, and compliance with international humanitarian law.
Did the Minister see the analysis recently published in the respected Israeli newspaper Haaretz that the proportion of civilian deaths in Gaza is significantly higher than the average civilian death toll in all conflicts around the world during the 20th century?
Does that not give the lie to any claim that Israel is avoiding civilian deaths, and as the death toll in Gaza approaches 20,000, is it not now time for the whole international community—including the UK—to support a ceasefire that protects civilian lives?
The hon.
Gentleman will know the importance that the Government and Opposition Front Benchers attach to saving civilian lives, and will know that Britain has made it absolutely clear to the authorities in Israel that we expect them to abide by international humanitarian law and understand and accept the rules of war.
He will equally know that the unprecedented figures he refers to follow on the back of an unprecedented attack by terrorists on  7 October , a pogrom in which more Jewish people were murdered than at any time since 1945 in the holocaust.
I wholeheartedly welcome the fact that the UK has increased its humanitarian aid by £60 million since  7 October .
Can my right hon.
Friend outline how his Department is working to ensure that that funding is spent as effectively as possible, by which I mean reaching those in the most urgent need?
I am sure we have all been greatly distressed by the suffering of the innocent civilians in this conflict.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
We have 82 tonnes of humanitarian supplies in Cyprus ready to go, and 5 tonnes of medical equipment ready to go.
As soon as there is the possibility of getting more aid and support into Gaza, we will be using those supplies to do exactly that.
In the past nine weeks, over 250 Palestinians—including 69 children—have been killed by the Israeli security forces in the west bank, and over the past year we have seen a dangerous rise in the number of attacks by violent, illegal Israeli settlers against Palestinians and their property.
Even the United States announced that it would impose a travel ban on violent extremist settlers last week, but all the UK Government have been able to announce is that planning is going on.
How much more bloodshed do we need to see before the Government stop planning and start acting, and will the Minister take real action today against violent, illegal settlers?
I made clear in my answer to Question 1 that the Government condemn without qualification the illegal attacks by settlers on Palestinians.
The hon.
Gentleman asks me specifically about visa bans; while I cannot give a commentary in this House, I can tell him that our plans in that respect are moving forward.
A stop-start approach is likely to prolong hostage captivity and increase the risk to hostages’ lives.
It also continues the relentless loss of civilians and innocent children.
If the UN Security Council resolution returns with a condemnation of Hamas, will the UK do the right thing this time and back an immediate humanitarian ceasefire?
As the hon.
Lady will know, not least from the urgent question asked in the House yesterday by  the right hon.
Member for Tottenham (Mr Lammy) , neither the Government nor the Opposition believe that a ceasefire is the right way to proceed.
However, I can tell her that we are very heavily engaged in what is happening in these Security Council resolutions, and the Security Council permanent members were at Rafah yesterday, looking in detail at the situation on the ground.