57 )
Dame Maria Miller presented a Bill to require the Sentencing Council to issue sentencing guidelines in respect of sections 58 and 59 of the Offences against the Person Act 1861; and for connected purposes.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 19 January 2024 , and to be printed (Bill 141).
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No.
57 )
Sarah Dyke presented a Bill to set minimum service levels for the provision of public transport in rural areas, including for access to sites of employment and education; and for connected purposes.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 26 January 2024 , and to be printed (Bill 51).
Second Reading
[Relevant documents: First Report of the Home Affairs Committee of Session 2022-23, Channel crossings, migration and asylum, HC 199, and the Government response, HC 706; oral evidence taken before the Home Affairs Committee on  29 November 2023 , on Work of the Home Office, HC 356; oral evidence taken before the Home Affairs Committee on  15 November 2023 , on Work of the Independent Chief Inspector of Borders and Immigration, HC 126; oral evidence taken before the Home Affairs Committee on  8 June 2022 , on Migration and asylum, Session 2022-23, HC 197.]
The reasoned amendment in the name of the Leader of the Opposition has been selected.
I beg to move, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
Before I speak to the Bill, let me say that the House may well be aware that, tragically, there has been a death on the Bibby Stockholm barge.
I am sure that the thoughts of the whole House, like mine, are with those affected.
The House will understand that at this stage I am uncomfortable going into any more details, but we will of course investigate fully.
This Government are stopping the boats.
Arrivals are down by a third this year, as illegal entries are on the rise elsewhere in Europe.
Indeed, small boat arrivals are up by 80% in the Mediterranean, but they are down by a third across the channel.
The largest ever small boats deal with France, tackling the supply of boat engines and parts, the arrest and conviction of people smugglers, and a 70% increase in raids on illegal working are having an impact—a positive one.
We have signed returns and co-operation agreements with France, Bulgaria, Turkey, Italy, Georgia and Ethiopia.
Fifty hotels are being returned to their local communities, and the initial asylum backlog, which stood at 92,000, is now under 20,000.
We have sent back 22,000 illegal migrants, and the UK’s arrangement with Albania proves that deterrents work.
rose—
I will not give way yet, as I have just started.
Last year, a third of all those arriving in small boats to the coast of this country were Albanian.
This year, we have returned 5,000 Albanians, and arrivals from Albania are down by 90%.
But in recent years, some of the Government’s efforts to tackle illegal migration and deport foreign national offenders have been frustrated by a seemingly endless cycle of legal challenges and rulings from domestic and foreign courts.
rose—
I will give way in a moment.
Of course, this Government respect court judgments, even when we disagree with them, but Parliament and the British people want an end to illegal immigration and they support the Rwanda plan.
The Home Secretary points to deterrence.
He has often used the Australian model of offshoring detention centres as a gold standard.
What are his comments, then, on the fact that Australia has recently shut down its offshore centre because of the high financial and human costs?
The hon.
Lady raises the case of Australia.
It had 55,000 illegal migrations by boats and that has trended pretty much down to zero—deterrence works.
I am sure that my right hon.