When the Minister was in Dubai for COP28, did he raise the issue of external support for the RSF with those deemed likely to be responsible?
I raise these issues not only at the COP but whenever I have the opportunity to do so, not least in discussions with Hamdok, the last Prime Minister of Sudan.
While we welcome the call from last Saturday’s Intergovernmental Authority on Development summit for an immediate cessation of hostilities, we remain acutely concerned by the events that are taking place, many of which bear the hallmarks of ethnic cleansing.
The threat to Guyana’s territorial integrity has already been highlighted.
Can the Minister reassure me that we are taking steps with our allies in the region to deter any use of force by the Maduro dictatorship?
Venezuela’s actions with regard to Essequibo in Guyana are completely unacceptable.
The border was settled in 1899, and we are working with our regional partners, such as Brazil, and with international bodies including the United Nations Security Council, the Commonwealth—as has already been mentioned—and the Organisation of American States to de-escalate tensions.
The horrifying death toll in Gaza includes more than 100 aid workers and some 70 journalists.
The vast majority of media casualties have been Palestinian journalists who went on working in the face of airstrikes and the deteriorating humanitarian situation as a result of the lack of information caused by the denial of access to international media.
The National Union of Journalists   warns of systemic targeting of journalists in Palestine, a further breach of international law.
How will the Minister impress on the Israeli Government these specific obligations?
As I said earlier, we do stress the importance of abiding by the rules of war.
I pay tribute to the brave humanitarian workers who put themselves in harm’s way, unarmed, to help their fellow citizens.
What precedent do the current negotiations between London and Port Louis on the future of the British Indian Ocean territory have in relation to the sovereignty of other uninhabited overseas territories, and, indeed the British sovereign base areas in Cyprus?
As raised earlier in substantive questions, we continue to have our negotiations on the British Indian Ocean Territories, which we are taking forward in good faith.
It is not just citizens of the United Kingdom but the Government of Cyprus who are being denied information as to what the US military may be flying from RAF Akrotiri in Cyprus to Israel.
Is that not something that they should know about, given the risks, and is it not something that we should know about, given the complicity?
When it comes to Cyprus we have been working closely with our allies attending to the need for security, which may pertain to the release of hostages, so I think this is entirely a good thing.
I am a vice-chair of the all-party parliamentary group on Japan, and we have recently hosted more than 60 companies in Parliament, for which we thank the Minister for Investment and Blick Rothenburg.
With increasing securitisation in international politics, is it not more important than ever to big up UK-Japan commercial opportunities?
As the Japanese say: ganbatte ne!
The UK-Japan bilateral relationship has never been stronger.
The Hiroshima accord that the Prime Minister agreed with Prime Minister Kishida on  19 May  cements and builds on a period of sustained growth and deepening of our enhanced global strategic partnership.
As many of us go home tonight and kiss our children, parents in Gaza will be searching for body parts to recognise their children and burying them.
Families broken; futures stolen.
Is the Minister comfortable with over 18,000 innocent Palestinian civilians being killed, many of them children?
When will he do the right thing and call for a ceasefire?
The hon.