We have had the third Tory Home Secretary sent to Rwanda in two years, the third bilateral agreement with Rwanda in two years, and now the third Tory law on asylum and Rwanda in two years.
And they are about to write their fourth cheque to Rwanda.
It turns out that  they set up a direct debit: hundreds of millions of pounds for a failing scheme that is only ever likely to cover a few hundred people—less than 1% of those claiming asylum last year—and has become a proxy for the deep civil wars in the Tory party.
In this carousel of Conservative chaos, we have the European Research Group, the Northern Research Group, the New Conservatives, the old Conservatives, the One Nation group, the implausibly named Conservative Growth Group, and if you thought that was an oxymoron, Mr Speaker, we also have the Conservative Common Sense Group.
Seriously, there are so many fighting factions, but they all have one thing in common: they do not believe in the Bill.
The Prime Minister was forced into an emergency breakfast meeting this morning—less a smoked salmon offensive; more buttering up his MPs with bacon butties, and sides of briefing and backstabbing—promising his MPs amendments and then rowing back, telling them that he really wants to break international law but that the Rwandan Government will not let him.
He is hiding behind the Kigali Administration because he is too weak to even defend his plan.
Weak, weak, weak.
The Prime Minister says that his patience is wearing thin.
Well, how do the Tories think the country feels when watching this chaos?
He is hoping that his party will calm down over Christmas, but they all know who the Christmas turkey is, and he is sitting in No.
10.
The Prime Minister has come up with a plan.
He is committed to it.
We have had assurances from the Dispatch Box that all steps will be taken to stay within international law.
What is the official Opposition’s plan?
The hon.
Gentleman hopes that his Prime Minister has a plan, but no Back Bencher on either side of the House seems to agree with it.
We are clear that what we should be doing is using the hundreds of millions of pounds that the Government are wasting in cheques written to Rwanda for nothing—for a scheme that will send, at best, only a few hundred people—to strengthen our border security, go after the criminal gangs, and make sure that we clear the asylum backlog and save the taxpayer billions of pounds. [
Interruption.]
Actually, he has not.
The Home Secretary likes to claim that he is doing that; he likes to claim that he is bringing down the number of people in hotels, but in fact that number has gone up to a record high of 56,000.
Since the Prime Minister said he was going to end asylum hotel use, it has gone up by a further 10,000, because he is failing.
I welcome the new immigration Ministers to their posts, one of whom,  the hon.
Member for Corby (Tom Pursglove) , has been an immigration Minister before.
I think that during the time he was immigration Minister, net migration trebled and the number of boat crossings also trebled, but I am sure nobody will hold that against him.
The Government have obviously appointed two immigration Ministers this time in case another one resigns because he thinks their policy is totally failing and too weak.
In the words of the ex-immigration Minister,  the right hon.
Member for Newark (Robert Jenrick) , this new law will not work, “doesn’t do the job”, and is
“both legally and operationally fundamentally flawed.”
Will the right hon.
Lady give way?
I will give way to the hon.
Member if he can say whether he agrees with the previous immigration Minister or the current one.