Lady will know, not least from the urgent question asked in the House yesterday by  the right hon.
Member for Tottenham (Mr Lammy) , neither the Government nor the Opposition believe that a ceasefire is the right way to proceed.
However, I can tell her that we are very heavily engaged in what is happening in these Security Council resolutions, and the Security Council permanent members were at Rafah yesterday, looking in detail at the situation on the ground.
There has to be a ceasefire to protect civilians in Gaza.
Does the Minister agree with the US Secretary for Defence when he said that
“protecting Palestinian civilians in Gaza is both a moral responsibility and a strategic imperative”,
and that
“if you drive them into the arms of the enemy, you replace a tactical victory with a strategic defeat”?
Are the Government making those representations to the Israeli Government?
Of course, the position of the American Defence Secretary is exactly the position of the British Government, and that is why we say at all points that everyone must adhere international humanitarian law.
The whole House is appalled by the atrocities committed by Hamas, but also by the civilian suffering in Gaza.
Will my right hon.
Friend set out the steps he is taking to relieve civilian suffering, and also the steps he is taking against illegal settlements and the actions of violent settlers, because they are an obstacle to the two-state solution and to a lasting and just peace?
On the first part of my hon.
Friend’s question, I can tell him that we have delivered 74 tonnes of aid to el-Arish, which we are trying to make sure gets in.
On specific relief, I can inform the House that 100 trucks and 120,600 litres of fuel did get across the border into Rafah yesterday.
It is nothing like enough, but there was some progress yesterday.
Israel has detained huge numbers of Palestinians in Gaza.
The International Committee of the Red Cross has received reports of 3,000 missing between  7 October  and  29 November , and many also in the west bank.
We have seen the images of those men stripped on the beaches, and Haaretz has released an article showing that 10% to 15% of them were connected to Hamas, which means that nearly 90% were not.
Are this Government making representations to the Israeli Government about their treatment of Palestinian detainees?
The situation the hon.
Member describes is not clear in the fog of war, but I can tell her that we emphasise to everyone the importance of abiding by international humanitarian law and of course the Geneva convention, to which she was referring.
Every life lost, whether Palestinian or Israeli, is a tragedy, and so often in conflict and wars it is the children who suffer the most.
What further discussions has my right hon.
Friend had with the United States and other partners about having new humanitarian pauses?
Finally, I am supportive of the Government, but may I ask him whether he feels that the Israeli response is proportionate?
We are arguing in every way we possibly can that there need to be humanitarian pauses, and that they need to be five days long so that we can get relief and humanitarian supplies into Gaza.
On my right hon.
Friend’s final point about proportionate force, as I said earlier during these questions, that is why we emphasise continuously the importance of abiding by the rules of war.
I call the shadow Minister.
In Gaza, almost 80% of the population have been forced from their homes with nowhere safe to go.
Sewage is flowing in the streets, with enormous risk to health, while hospitals and ambulances continue to be hit.
Half the population are starving.
The most recent report is of over 18,000 Palestinians killed, including utterly appalling numbers of children.