Lady raises the case of Australia.
It had 55,000 illegal migrations by boats and that has trended pretty much down to zero—deterrence works.
I am sure that my right hon.
Friend will agree that the British are world champions at queueing.
We do not like queue jumpers, which is why illegal immigration grates with us.
Will he confirm that the Government will take all steps to ensure that we remain within international law, not just now but going forward?
In that case, I will certainly be supporting the Bill tonight.
Does he also agree that some colleagues in this place need to be careful what they wish for?
I am confident, and indeed the conversations I have had with the Government’s legal advisers reinforce my belief, that the actions we are taking, while novel and very much pushing at the edge of the envelope, are within the framework of international law.
That is important because the UK is a country that demonstrates to the whole world the importance of international law.
We champion that on the world stage and it is important that we demonstrate it.
rose—
I am going to make further progress.
Judges of course play an important role, but they are not policymakers and they should not be policymakers.
When the courts find a particular formulation of policy unlawful, it is the job of politicians to listen to their views, respect their views and find a solution.
rose—
I will make further progress.
Thanks to the efforts on the part of the UK Government and the Government of Rwanda, that is exactly what we have done in response to the verdict from the Supreme Court.
The new treaty that I signed last week with Rwanda and the Bill that accompanies it are game changing.
The principle of relocating people to a safe country, to have their asylum claim processed there, is entirely consistent with the terms of the refugee convention.
Both the High Court and the Court of Appeal unanimously confirmed that point.
My right hon.
Friend was an excellent Foreign Secretary, so he will know the extraordinary tensions that exist between the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Rwanda.
The Democratic Republic of the Congo accuses Rwanda of sponsoring the M23 terrorist organisation, which is violating Congolese women and killing Congolese soldiers.
This week, the Congolese President named the Rwandan President as a Hitler-like figure.
What is my right hon.
Friend’s response to the concerns of our Congolese friends in that regard?
In my former role, I had extensive conversations with the Governments of both the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Rwanda.
We do  not agree with that assessment of the Government of Rwanda.
More importantly, other international organisations also rely heavily on Rwanda, including the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the European Union.
They would not do that if they believed that Rwanda was an unsafe country.
rose—
I intend to make further progress—this is Second Reading and there will be plenty of opportunities for colleagues to speak—but I give way to  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon) .
Just yesterday, I received correspondence stating:
“EU Council Directive 2005/85/EC is caught by Article 2(1) of the Protocol, therefore can be relied upon in NI (but not GB).”
It added that article 7 of the directive
“confers the right to remain in the territory”
while a claim is being processed, which
“creates additional ‘rights’ in NI”
that do not apply in GB and
“expressly frustrates the core intent of the Rwanda Bill from applying in NI”.
Has the Home Secretary had the opportunity to look at that?
The point that the hon.
Gentleman makes about differential treatment in different parts of the United Kingdom is one that we are conscious of.
As the Bill progresses, he and others will have the opportunity to raise concerns about specific details.
We will, of course, listen to his concerns and those of others.