Is the Minister comfortable with over 18,000 innocent Palestinian civilians being killed, many of them children?
When will he do the right thing and call for a ceasefire?
The hon.
Lady reflects the pain and agony that those parents feel with great eloquence, and it is felt across the House, but the issue is how we address the causes of what happened on  7 October  and the fact that a pogrom was imposed by Hamas, killing so very many Jewish people.
We have to move towards a moment where the political skies clear and there is an opportunity for a new political initiative.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Does my hon.
Friend recognise the recent joint statement from Armenia and Azerbaijan as a historic milestone towards the normalisation of relations?
Can he tell us what this Government are doing towards bringing about a lasting peace treaty?
We are greatly encouraged by the joint statement from Azerbaijan and Armenia confirming their intention to normalise relations.
As I made clear to both countries during my recent visit, we fully support their efforts to achieve a historic and lasting peace.
In answer to question 9, the Minister seemed to say that the Government were planning to completely proscribe the IRGC.
Could he confirm that?
If that were the case, it would be welcomed across the House.
To be clear, I said that we would be introducing a new sanctions regime.
My constituent Amani Ahmed arrived here from Gaza for her PhD just days before the outbreak of the war and is now desperately trying to bring her husband and three children to the UK.
UK Visas and Immigration advises travelling to the nearest visa application centre but that is impossible as they are unable to leave Gaza.
Can the Minister urgently intervene to ensure that Amani’s family are able to join her safely in the UK?
The hon.
Lady will know that there is a specific track to pursue on this, and if she has not already been in touch with the crisis centre at the Foreign Office, that is what she should do immediately.
Last week I was contacted by Kennington Bethlehem Link, a voluntary group dedicated to working with Israelis and Palestinians.
It raised the case of Anas Abu Srour, who was arrested by the Israeli army.
This week it was announced that he had been detained for six months in administrative detention, and the reason for his arrest is still unclear.
A petition of support has been signed by over 6,000 people in nine days, so will the Minister please ask the Foreign Secretary to work urgently with his Israeli counterpart so that we can find out why he was imprisoned?
If the hon.
Lady will make available to me the full details of that case—assuming that she has not already told the Foreign Office—I will look into it for her and ensure she gets an answer.
That great world-beating British charity, the HALO Trust, has just announced the destruction of its 2 millionth landmine.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating the trust, and also pledge further funding, which will be vital and necessary if it is to be able to deal with the outcome of Ukraine?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to pay tribute to the HALO Trust.
Before I returned to Government I was an ambassador for the trust, so  I speak with some pride in this matter.
If he looks carefully at the International Development White Paper, which drew strength from all across the House in its commitments and identifying important aspects, he will see that HALO is mentioned there.
It is good to see you back in your place, Mr Speaker.