The Government are focused on our vital priorities, notably: supporting Ukraine, standing with Israel, and providing aid to Palestinian civilians.
The Foreign Secretary and I met global leaders at COP28, who welcomed the UK’s leadership at this critical time.
We discussed our newly launched international development White Paper, which seeks to get the sustainable development goals back on track at this halfway stage, when they are so far off.
As mentioned before, I will deputise for the Foreign Secretary in this House and make regular statements to keep Members updated.
What steps is the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office taking to persuade and encourage our NATO allies to continue and enhance not just their military but civil support for Ukraine in its brave campaign against Putin’s evil invasion?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to put it in those terms.
The Foreign Secretary met the Ukrainian Foreign Minister Kuleba at the NATO-Ukraine Council.
My hon.
Friend will know that nearly £10 billion in military, humanitarian and economic support has been provided by Britain since February 2022, and we were the first country to provide lethal aid.
We are the biggest contributor to the armed forces in Ukraine of any single nation.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
An aggressive threat to a smaller neighbour, an attack on recognised international borders, an illegitimate referendum stoking historical grievances—the Putin playbook is being copied in Caracas by Maduro.
We must stand up to bullies and tyrants with imperial ambitions.
As we maintain our steadfast commitment to Ukraine, can the Minister reaffirm the UK’s unwavering support for Guyana’s sovereignty?
Yes, I can.
Yesterday I attended a meeting convened by the Secretary-General of the Commonwealth, and it put out a statement last night which I very much hope will reassure the right hon.
Gentleman.
What progress has my hon.
Friend made on the granting of full environmental protection to the waters around the South Sandwich Islands, as well as additional protections and improved management around South Georgia?
The South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands marine protected area provides comprehensive protection against the entire maritime zone.
It has been rated one of the most sustainable in the world.
The Government are currently undertaking their second five-year review, and a report is expected early next year.
Alexei Navalny has gone missing from his penal colony, and has not been heard of for nearly a week.
Will the Minister join international counterparts in making urgent representations to try to find out where he is, and to ensure his personal safety?
We condemn this outrageous detention, and we will continue to make representations in Moscow and elsewhere for consular access and Mr Navalny’s release.
“World malaria report 2023” shows that the number of malaria cases and deaths remain above pre-pandemic levels.
What more can the Government do to ensure that we recover lost ground, and also drive towards the total eradication of this awful disease?
My hon.
Friend is right to ask that question.
British scientific expertise has delivered two new malaria vaccines, and as a result of our replenishment of the Global Fund we are working to ensure that 86 million mosquito nets are delivered, providing 450,000 seasonal malaria chemoprevention treatments.
The Minister for Africa has rightly highlighted the involvement of the Rapid Support Forces in atrocities in Darfur, and many Members have flagged the links between external states and the RSF.
When the Minister was in Dubai for COP28, did he raise the issue of external support for the RSF with those deemed likely to be responsible?
I raise these issues not only at the COP but whenever I have the opportunity to do so, not least in discussions with Hamdok, the last Prime Minister of Sudan.
While we welcome the call from last Saturday’s Intergovernmental Authority on Development summit for an immediate cessation of hostilities, we remain acutely concerned by the events that are taking place, many of which bear the hallmarks of ethnic cleansing.