First of all, I fully understand that the right hon.
Gentleman wishes to have close contact with Lord Cameron as the Foreign Secretary, but he will be aware that he is in almost continuous contact with the Foreign Secretary by text and WhatsApp—indeed, Mr Speaker, if he was in any closer contact it would probably be a civil partnership.
On the substantive point about the widening of the conflict, the right hon.
Gentleman will know that, very early after  7 October , the Prime Minister moved a British military asset to the eastern end of the Mediterranean, first to try to ensure that, if there were any arms being moved, we would know about it, and secondly to have eyes on what was happening.
British diplomacy, along with that of our like-minded allies and friends, is devoted to ensuring that the conflict does not widen.
We come now to the SNP spokesperson.
The UK is providing logistical and surveillance support to the state of Israel.
Has any evidence come to light that gives concern  about the commission of war crimes in the west bank or in Gaza?
Britain is providing some overflight of Gaza to help us identify, and move forward the issue of recovering, the hostages.
That is exactly the right thing to do.
To repeat the question, has any evidence come to light that gives concern about the commission of war crimes?
Can the Minister assure us that any such evidence that comes to light will be sent over to the International Criminal Court in response to its call for evidence under article 86, with which the UK is surely bound to co-operate?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that it is not just the Government but many different organisations that are seeking to identify what is happening on the ground, and the extent to which international humanitarian law is being abided with.
Any such evidence will undoubtedly be put before the relevant authority—the courts that he mentioned, specifically—if such evidence is available.
What steps his Department is taking to implement the UK’s commitments in the White Paper on international development, published in November 2023.
The White Paper includes 217 commitments to be delivered through to 2030.
I have asked officials in the Foreign Office to work with colleagues across Government to implement the commitments and determine the order of priority.
I thank the Minister for that reply and for his leadership on the excellent White Paper, particularly because, in the run-up to its publication, he clearly listened to calls for more targeted support and humanitarian relief for those who are left behind on account of their religion or belief.
The challenge now is to turn those innovative commitments into reality, which will require a revised approach to development programming.
Will he meet me and others at a roundtable to discuss that?
It is always a pleasure to meet my hon.
Friend, who has an office next to mine in the Foreign Office.
May I thank her for her comments about the publication of the White Paper?
The way in which it has been received around the world demonstrates renewed energy and vigour.
I hope that it shows Britain’s reinvigorated leadership on those important matters, and, of course, value for money for our taxpayers.
The White Paper also talks about development diplomats.
How many will be trained and what will be the cost?
How many—
Development diplomats—they are in the White Paper.
Yes, the right hon.
Lady is quite right: we are increasing the number of development diplomats—I thought she mentioned something about water, but  I may have misheard.
The point about the White Paper is that it sets out very clearly the aims and aspiration that Britain has to drive forward the sustainable development goals and ensure that we increase climate finance at this critical time.
She will be pleased to have seen that and will note that we are now driving forward that agenda.