Gentleman makes about differential treatment in different parts of the United Kingdom is one that we are conscious of.
As the Bill progresses, he and others will have the opportunity to raise concerns about specific details.
We will, of course, listen to his concerns and those of others.
When passed, the Bill will address the practical implications.
At the moment, the challenge of the number of refugees is not as significant in Northern Ireland as in other parts of the UK, but, as the hon.
Gentleman has heard me say before, we are always conscious to make sure that all parts of the UK are, and feel that they are, in the thinking of the Government as we move forward.
rose—
I will make further progress.
As I say, the principle of relocating people to a safe country to have their asylum claims processed is entirely consistent with the terms of the refugee convention.
The High Court and the Court of Appeal unanimously confirmed that, and the Supreme Court did not dispute those findings in own findings three weeks ago.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that it is clear in international law and in relation to the question of the rule of law that in this country, with our unwritten constitution, a clear and unambiguous use of words, clearly establishing the intention of Parliament in the enactment of a law, takes precedence over international law, in accordance with the judgments of Lord Hoffmann, as well as judgments and statements by Lord Judge, Lord Denning and other very distinguished jurists, including in paragraph 144 of the judgment made last month?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
He is right that when the wording of a Bill is clear and unambiguous—where there is a deeming clause—that  is the express will of Parliament, that Parliament is sovereign, and that that thinking must be adhered to through the legal process.
rose—
I am going to make some progress.
A few weeks ago, the Supreme Court upheld the judgment of the Court of Appeal, meaning that we cannot yet lawfully remove people to Rwanda.
That is because of concerns that it expressed that relocated individuals might be refouled.
I am sure the House knows that that means that those individuals might be re-deported to a third country.
The Government disagreed with that verdict, but, as I have said, we respect the verdict of their lordships.
It is important to understand that the Supreme Court’s judgment was based on the facts as they existed 18 months ago and that the Court said the problem could be remedied.
As I told the House last week, we have worked on and found that very remedy.
Our asylum partnership with Rwanda sets out, in a legally binding international treaty, the obligations of both the UK and Rwanda within international law.
I am extremely grateful to my right hon.
Friend for giving way.
As he says, international law and domestic law are both important, but they are different.
The Bill seeks to give this House the power to deem Rwanda a safe country.
Can he confirm for me that what it does not seek to do is suggest that this country, or this House, has the power to deem itself in compliance with international law?
My worry stems from clause1(5) of the Bill, which, of course, reflects the Government’s intention to deem Rwanda a safe country, but then goes on to describe the safe country as one
“to which persons may be removed…in compliance with all of the United Kingdom’s obligations under international law”.
Will he confirm that it is not the Government’s intention to suggest that it falls to any country to deem itself in compliance with international law—he does not need me to explain what the consequences of that might be elsewhere in the world—and that he will look again at the language and whether it needs to be changed to clarify that point?