Sewage is flowing in the streets, with enormous risk to health, while hospitals and ambulances continue to be hit.
Half the population are starving.
The most recent report is of over 18,000 Palestinians killed, including utterly appalling numbers of children.
I recognise the efforts of Ministers, but it is barely even slowing down the tide of death when the humanitarian crisis simply needs to end.
What is the Minister’s strategy to do that?
At all points, Britain is trying to use its brilliant international network, working not only with the other United Nations Security Council members, but through our intense diplomatic network around the middle east.
On trying to see a political track when it becomes available, Britain, with its allies, is doing everything possible to achieve that.
On the suffering that the hon.
Lady described—everyone in the House will agree with her analysis of that—the Foreign Secretary recently announced an additional £30 million of support.
We are looking at how that can be used specifically to assist with medical issues, particularly for children.
What steps his Department is taking to support the overseas territories with climate change adaptation.
The FCDO is working in partnership with the territories to develop climate security assessments through the conflict, stability and security fund.
Our blue planet programme has provided over £35 million since 2016 to enhance marine protection and build climate change resilience.
I am reassured that the UK is investing heavily in climate change adaptation.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the best way of future-proofing that is for the FCDO to appoint a dedicated Minister for all the overseas territories and to ensure that the UK never relinquishes sovereignty for any of them?
I have recently been appointed as the FCDO Minister responsible for the overseas territories.
Furthermore, the Prime Minister has made it clear that every Department should have a Minister whose portfolio covers responsibilities to the OTs.
The UK has no doubt about its sovereignty over the overseas territories.
Any decision to end British sovereignty should be on the basis of a clear constitutionally expressed wish of the territory’s people.
I call the shadow Minister.
As you know, Mr Speaker, our global British family in the UK overseas territories contains 94% of all the unique species that the UK is responsible for.
These huge marine areas throughout the world’s oceans are hugely vulnerable to climate change, yet are negligible contributors to it.
It has been great to see more OTs sign up to the blue belt initiative, work with groups such as Great British Oceans and attend the recent COP.
What is the Minister doing to encourage more overseas territories to join the blue belt and to assist overseas territories to get access to strategic international funding for conservation, adaptation and resilience?
It is an important question.
Our need to tackle climate change extends widely to the OTs.
We have done significant work on the blue belt programme, and we have engaged a large number of OTs at COP28  this year so that we can help push forward their work and give greater access to this funding.
It is vitally important.
Whether he has had recent discussions with his counterpart in Pakistan on the Maira Shahbaz case.
We strongly condemn forced marriage and the forced conversion of women and girls, including in Pakistan.
We regularly raise our concerns, including individual cases, at a senior level with the Pakistani authorities, and we fund projects in Pakistan to address the underlying causes.
At the age of 14, Maira Shahbaz was abducted, forced into a marriage and raped.
She escaped and has been sitting in one room with her entire family, terrified.
She is now 18.
I have lost track of the number of meetings I have had with successive Home Secretaries and the letters I have written.