Colleagues across this House must know how much this matters to our constituents.
Our voters, no matter which party they vote for, are warm and welcoming people to those in genuine need.
We have seen that in the way in which people across this country have opened their homes to many of the half a million people who have come here via safe and legal routes in the past decade.
But the British people rightly expect everyone to play by the rules, and they expect us in this House to do what it takes to stop the boats.
That is what voting for this legislation means.
Our voters are horrified when they see images of people drowning in the channel.
They are horrified when they see people smugglers taking advantage of people.
They want an end to illegal migration.
This Government have a plan that will provide an alternative home for illegal arrivals to the UK and deter others from coming here illegally.
I commend the Bill to the House.
I call the shadow Home Secretary.
I beg to move an amendment, to leave out from “That” to the end of the Question and add:
“this House, while affirming support for securing the UK’s borders, reforming the broken asylum system and ending dangerous small boat crossings, declines to give a Second Reading to the Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Bill because the Bill will not work to tackle people smuggling gangs, end small boat crossings or achieve the core purposes of the Bill, will lead to substantial costs to the UK taxpayer every year whilst applying to less than one per cent of those who claim asylum in the UK, threatens the UK’s compliance with international law, further undermines the potential to establish security and returns agreements with other countries and does not prevent the return of relocated individuals who commit serious crimes in Rwanda back to the UK.”
I join the Home Secretary in expressing our sympathy for the family and friends of the asylum seeker who has apparently died on the Bibby Stockholm.
I understand that the Home Secretary cannot say more about that at the moment.
This should be a debate about how we prevent lives being lost, about how we strengthen our border security, about how we stop dangerous boat crossings, and about how we fix the broken asylum system.
Instead, we have just got total Tory chaos.
What a fine mess this weak Prime Minister has got them all into, and got the country into as well.
They are tearing lumps out of each other over a failing policy while letting the country down.
A Home Secretary has been sacked, an Immigration Minister has resigned, and the Tories have spent almost £300 million of taxpayers’ money on Rwanda without sending a single person.
The Home Secretary seemed to confirm today that, in fact, it is £400 million without a single person being sent.
More Home Secretaries have been sent to Rwanda than asylum seekers—that is about £100 million per trip.
The climate Minister,  the right hon.
Member for Beverley and Holderness (Graham Stuart) , has been called back from the Dubai COP for the vote.
Well, I guess the Government can say that at least one flight has taken off as a result of the legislation.
We have had the third Tory Home Secretary sent to Rwanda in two years, the third bilateral agreement with Rwanda in two years, and now the third Tory law on asylum and Rwanda in two years.
And they are about to write their fourth cheque to Rwanda.
It turns out that  they set up a direct debit: hundreds of millions of pounds for a failing scheme that is only ever likely to cover a few hundred people—less than 1% of those claiming asylum last year—and has become a proxy for the deep civil wars in the Tory party.