At the COP, the Prime Minister was able to have meetings with Qatar, Egypt and Jordan, as well as with Israel, and he reiterated the point that he has made publicly before, which is that Israel has the right to self-defence, but it must operate within international humanitarian law.
The Minister talks about the need for a two-state solution, and we will not find much disagreement on that, but how can he advocate a two-state solution when the Government refuse to recognise the state of Palestine?
Is he confident that there will be much left of Palestine after Israel’s continued bombardment?
That is why we need a ceasefire right now.
The Government strongly support the two-state solution.
Of course, before these terrible events on  7 October , there were new partnerships with Israel developing across the middle east: one thinks in particular of the Emirates and Bahrain.
When there is a break in the clouds and an opportunity for a political track to get going, we will do everything we can to build on the important point that the hon.
Member underlined.
Notwithstanding the attempted genocide of  7 October  and the cynical use of Palestinian civilians as human shields, the single best solution for peace in the region is a two-state solution.
What steps are the Government taking to facilitate that?
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that the kidnappers, murderers and rapists of Hamas cannot be involved in those negotiations?
Yes.
We certainly agree with the United States that Gaza should be under Palestinian control in due course and that there is no place for Hamas in all of that.
In respect of my hon.
Friend’s point about how we advance towards a two-state solution, he will know that the Foreign Secretary has been both in Tel Aviv and on the west bank in Ramallah, and we are looking to see what Britain can do to help build the capacity of the Palestinian state in the future, and to bolster it.
The Minister will have access to intelligence—ours and that of our allies—that he may not be in a position to share with the House.
Will he therefore share his understanding of the effectiveness of Israel’s campaign to weaken and eliminate Hamas and return the hostages, given the appalling and unacceptable loss of innocent Palestinian life—thousands and thousands of children have been maimed and killed—given the catastrophic humanitarian situation in Gaza, given that more than 100 Israeli hostages remain in captivity there, and given that Hamas continues to fire rockets into Israel every day?
We are doing everything we can to help the hostages to whom she referred and to ensure that they come home.
We do that through negotiations, not least in Qatar, and through the overflights, which I referred  to earlier.
The hon.
Lady may rest assured that the Government take precisely the same view as her on what should be achieved.
Whether he has had discussions with his counterpart in the Philippines on the case of Leila De Lima.
We welcome the release of Leila De Lima on bail, which is a positive step for human rights and the rule of law.
The UK’s ambassador has repeatedly raised this case with the Philippines Government, and visited her during her detention.
I agree that it is good news that Senator De Lima has been released on bail after nearly seven years of detention.
What representations are the Government making to their counterparts in the Philippines, via the ambassador, about resolving all the other charges against her, which are believed to stem from her vocal opposition to thousands of extrajudicial killings in connection with former President Duterte’s war on drugs, and about a meaningful investigation into those killings?
The UK Government regularly engage with the Government of the Philippines on the full range of our human rights concerns.