Before I returned to Government I was an ambassador for the trust, so  I speak with some pride in this matter.
If he looks carefully at the International Development White Paper, which drew strength from all across the House in its commitments and identifying important aspects, he will see that HALO is mentioned there.
It is good to see you back in your place, Mr Speaker.
Is the Department monitoring the case of Raffaele Mincione, the British citizen who is currently being taken through the Vatican state courts, and is it making any representations to the Vatican courts about his case?
Will officials agree to meet me to discuss the case?
I can certainly organise for someone to meet the hon.
Gentleman to discuss that but, as he will know, arrangements with the Vatican were substantially   changed in the year 1534, in the reign of King Henry VIII.
As far as I know, there has been no change since then to reverse that.
India’s supreme court has upheld the Indian Government’s decision to revoke article 370 of the constitution, which granted special status to Jammu and Kashmir.
What assessment has the Minister made of the situation, as many Kashmiri constituents are quite worried?
We took note of the supreme court decision, and we continue to discuss with both parties the need both to resolve the continuing situation and to have constructive dialogue with the Kashmiris involved.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
With crucial talks at COP28 locked in disagreement, we are hearing reports that the Minister for Energy Security and Net Zero,  the right hon.
Member for Beverley and Holderness (Graham Stuart) , is on his way back to the UK.
It is said that he
“will continue to be the lead UK minister for the negotiations with any final decisions agreed with him.”
I do not see how that can quite be the case when he is on an aeroplane.
We can only assume that he has been called back because of tonight’s Rwanda vote, and that saving the Prime Minister’s skin is somehow seen as more important than trying to save the planet.
Mr Speaker, can we bring the Minister to the House to explain why he has left the COP talks and what that means for our negotiations?
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
Government, as the hon.
Lady knows, is seamless.
While the Minister for Energy Security and Net Zero is anxious to support the Government on the important legislation tonight, my noble Friend Lord Benyon, who is one of the UK’s greatest experts on climate change, is at the COP in Dubai today to ensure that a senior Minister is representing Britain in those vital negotiations.
Right.
Let us move on.
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No.
57 )
Dame Maria Miller, supported by Mr Ian Liddell-Grainger, Chris Elmore, Steve Brine, Julie Elliott, Harriett Baldwin, Bob Blackman, Layla Moran, Taiwo Owatemi and Sir James Duddridge, presented a Bill to make provision about the status of, and privileges and immunities in connection with, the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association and the International Committee of the Red Cross; and for connected purposes.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 19 January 2024 , and to be printed (Bill 140).
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No.
57 )
Dame Maria Miller presented a Bill to require the Sentencing Council to issue sentencing guidelines in respect of sections 58 and 59 of the Offences against the Person Act 1861; and for connected purposes.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 19 January 2024 , and to be printed (Bill 141).
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No.