I wish to inform the House that I have received a letter from  the hon.
Member for Witney (Robert Courts)  informing me of his resignation as Chair of the Defence Committee.
I therefore declare the Chair vacant.
Nominations for the election of a successor are now open and will close at 12 noon on  Tuesday 16 January .
Nomination forms are available from the Vote Office, the Table Office and the Public Bill Office.
Only Members of the Conservative party may be candidates in this election.
If there is more than one candidate, the ballot will take place on  Wednesday 17 January  from 11 am to 2.30 pm in the Aye Lobby.
Briefing notes with more information about the election will be made available in the Vote Office.
The Minister of State was asked—
What assessment he has made of the implications for his policies of recent increases in violence in the west bank.
What assessment he has made of recent increases in violence in the west bank.
Whether officials in his Department have had discussions with their counterparts in Israel on the recent escalation of violence in the West Bank.
The Government have made it clear that settler violence and the targeting and, on occasions, killing of Palestinian civilians is completely unacceptable.
As calls for an urgent ceasefire in Gaza and an enduring peaceful resolution in the region continue, we must also remain opposed to the violence taking place in the west bank.
To that end, does the Minister share my view that settlement building in the west bank and across the Occupied Palestinian Territories is unacceptable and unlawful and must stop immediately?
Yes.
The hon.
Lady will know that the position of the Government is and has been for many years that those settlements are illegal.
I am pleased to be able to confirm that for her.
The same question could be asked again: it is unlawful, but what are the Government going to do about it?
Does the Minister think that one day we might actually see some prosecutions in relation to those violations of international law?
On the point about settler violence, if that is what the hon.
Gentleman is referring to, we believe that it is not good enough just to arrest those responsible.
They need to be both prosecuted and imprisoned.
The problem is that there are key figures in the Israeli Government who are stoking this violence, with the Finance Minister publicly declaring that there are “2 million Nazis” in the west bank.
What representation is the Secretary of State making to Israeli counterparts to demand a far more robust response to this violence?
I can tell the hon.
Lady that the Prime Minister spoke about this directly with Prime Minister Netanyahu on  5 December  and he made clear that we welcome Israel’s recent comments condemning instances of settler violence, but that Israel must take meaningful action to stop it.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Another day when the Foreign Secretary is unaccountable, in the middle of a war that could still get even worse.
West bank violence is rising, Hezbollah have attacked Israeli positions and Israeli airstrikes have hit towns in south Lebanon.
A widening of this conflict is in no one’s interest, and all parties must show restraint.
While he is absent from this place, what steps is the Foreign Secretary taking to prepare for further escalation and to deter all parties from full-blown regional war?
First of all, I fully understand that the right hon.
Gentleman wishes to have close contact with Lord Cameron as the Foreign Secretary, but he will be aware that he is in almost continuous contact with the Foreign Secretary by text and WhatsApp—indeed, Mr Speaker, if he was in any closer contact it would probably be a civil partnership.
On the substantive point about the widening of the conflict, the right hon.