Can he confirm for me that what it does not seek to do is suggest that this country, or this House, has the power to deem itself in compliance with international law?
My worry stems from clause1(5) of the Bill, which, of course, reflects the Government’s intention to deem Rwanda a safe country, but then goes on to describe the safe country as one
“to which persons may be removed…in compliance with all of the United Kingdom’s obligations under international law”.
Will he confirm that it is not the Government’s intention to suggest that it falls to any country to deem itself in compliance with international law—he does not need me to explain what the consequences of that might be elsewhere in the world—and that he will look again at the language and whether it needs to be changed to clarify that point?
I can reassure my right hon.
and learned Friend that that is absolutely not the intention of the Bill.
The deeming clause is specifically about the safety of Rwanda, because of our response to their lordships’ position at the Supreme Court hearing.
We are not seeking to redefine through domestic legislation international law.
If the right hon.
Gentleman is right and the treaty with Rwanda meets the concerns of the Supreme Court, why is this Bill necessary?
If Rwanda is now a safe country as a result of the treaty, why is this highly controversial Bill, which is clearly causing great problems in his own parliamentary party, necessary?
We are putting forward legislation that will be clear and unambiguous, so as to support the treaty.
The treaty addresses the concerns raised by their lordships.
rose—
With the indulgence of the House, I intend to make some progress.
I want to make sure that others have a full chance to speak in this debate.
The Bill sets out to Parliament and to the courts why Rwanda is safe for those relocated there.
The treaty that I signed last week puts beyond legal doubt the safety of Rwanda.
It provides the basis to end the merry-go-round of legal challenges that have second-guessed the will of Parliament and frustrated this policy, this House, and the desire of the British people.
Rwanda will introduce an even stronger end-to-end asylum system, stronger still than the one that underpins its relationship with the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
It will have a specialist asylum appeals tribunal—
I thank the Home Secretary for giving way.
Since we last spoke in this House, it has been confirmed that the Government have given the Rwandan Government £240 million, with a further £50 million to come in April—all independently of anybody be being sent to Rwanda.
Will he now confirm that the Government’s deal also means a further £50 million in 2025 and a further £50 million on top of that in 2026?
The right hon.
Lady is asking me to confirm figures that we have put in the public domain.
Unsurprisingly, I am totally comfortable confirming what I have already said.
Rwanda will introduce an even stronger—
rose—
The right hon.
Lady has the chance to make a speech in just a few moments.
The system of specialist asylum tribunals to consider individual appeals against any refused claim within Rwanda will have one Rwandan and one other Commonwealth co-president and will be made up of judges from a mix of nationalities, selected by the co-president.
To the point the right hon.
Lady is making about the money spent by the British Government, as is the case with many countries around the world, the Government spend money capacity building with our international partners, and we have been working extensively with Rwanda to build capacity too.
The treaty makes clear that anyone relocated to Rwanda cannot be removed from Rwanda to another country except back to the United Kingdom.