Does the Minister agree that the Government have prioritised supporting people who wish to continue to work whenever they can, and that delays in granting applications like this are totally unacceptable and could lead to people losing their jobs?
Can we get Gary’s case looked into as soon as possible?
It is completely unacceptable for people to have to wait as long as that.
This Government are committed to significantly reducing the waiting times for Access to Work and other programmes, and I will ensure that a Minister looks into Gary’s case and it is resolved as soon as possible.
I call the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee.
I thank the Leader of the House for allowing protected time for this afternoon’s Backbench Business debate, and also for allowing time next week for the annual Holocaust Memorial Day debate.
In addition to the business that she announced for Monday, there will be two Select Committee statements on behalf of the Treasury Committee and another on behalf of the Defence Committee.
Those Committee statements are important, so I trust that the Government will try not to schedule too many Government statements that would squeeze the time available.
We always like to satisfy colleagues, and on  Thursday 30 January  there will be a debate on proportional representation for general elections.
In Westminster Hall, next Tuesday there will be a debate on the provision of auditory verbal therapy, next Thursday there will be a debate on the United Nations International Day of Education followed by a debate on innovation in the field of rare retinal diseases, on  Tuesday 28 January  there will be a debate on road safety for young drivers, and on  Thursday 30 January  there will be a debate on medicinal cannabis.
In addition, may I point out that the Palestine Solidarity Campaign has organised hate marches across London over many months since  7 October ?
The Metropolitan police have finally decided that it is unacceptable for the campaigners to form up at midday 100 yards from a synagogue where Jewish people were threatened when leaving or joining the Shabbat service, and have insisted that the route of the marches must not go near any synagogue.
However, the campaigners have said that they will defy the police and form up outside the synagogue again.
May we have a statement from the Home Secretary reinforcing the view that if that happens, those individuals should face the full force of the law and the cost of policing the demonstration to ensure that public order is protected?
Let me first thank the hon.
Gentleman for listing a number of future debates.
I was pleased that, after he had raised the matter with me in during business questions last week, I was able to protect time for this afternoon’s debate, and that we were able to find Government time for a proper debate on Holocaust Memorial Day next week.
As ever, I thank him for his continued work as a very diligent and good Chair of the Backbench Business Committee.
As for the other issue, the hon.
Gentleman will know that decisions about the policing of protests and demonstrations are a matter for the police—they are operational matters—but he is right to say that public safety should be at the fore, along with ensuring that no one is subject to antisemitism or any other kind of hate as a result of any demonstration.
May I pick up some comments that were made a little earlier?
Many of my constituents have written to me expressing their concerns about campaign finance laws following media reports that a certain foreign billionaire will be providing very large donations.
Will the Government introduce legislation to cap individual donations, close existing loopholes and enhance the powers of the Electoral Commission?
My hon.