Plans for a Universal Studios theme park in Bedfordshire are a huge opportunity to drive economic growth and private sector investment.
What progress is being made, and when do the Government expect discussions with Universal Studios to conclude?
The hon.
Gentleman knows, because we have had several discussions about it, that I cannot enter into the precise details of the negotiations, but they are going well, and I am hopeful that this will be absolutely transformational for the British tourism industry if we manage to pull it off.
I am sure that he will urge everybody to co-operate with the Government in that process.
Members of the school council of Bromstone primary school in Broadstairs visited Parliament yesterday and wanted me to convey in the strongest terms to the Secretary of State the importance of learning art, not only because they love it but for the skills they learn from it.
Is she doing all in her power to ensure that creativity will have a prominent and central place in the curriculum?
May I reassure my hon.
Friend’s young constituents that we absolutely agree with them?
We know that music, sport and art not only enrich young people’s lives, but can unlock so much more.
We will take their views seriously.
In Grimsby, we are fortunate enough to have a new youth zone under construction, which is good news for many of my constituents, but those in the rural part of the constituency face challenges in accessing it.
How do the Government plan to help young people in rural areas access sport and leisure facilities?
I was delighted to host representatives from Grimsby in Wigan to show them our amazing OnSide youth facility.
I am delighted that the Grimsby facility is now moving ahead at pace, but I share his concern about people from surrounding areas, particularly in relation to transport.
Some of the youth funding that we have allocated for next year will address precisely  those issues so that existing youth facilities can buy minibuses, for example, to ensure access for all young people.
The BBC has a responsibility to share content that licence fee payers can trust, yet the Asserson report found widespread evidence of bias in the BBC’s reporting of the Israel-Hamas war, which, from what I can see, continues.
What representations have been made to the BBC and Ofcom to ensure that impartiality is upheld in all areas?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this issue.
When I met representatives from the Jewish community recently about antisemitism in the arts, I was shocked and horrified by some of their experiences, and we are working closely with them to tackle it.
I can confirm to my hon.
Friend that I have raised this issue directly with the BBC director general.
I am aware that the BBC gets criticism from all sides about its reporting and has a difficult balance to strike, but we are determined to work with the BBC and support it to get that right.
Tourism is very important to Burnham-on-Sea, Berrow and Brean in my constituency.
Will the Secretary of State reassure business owners in those towns and villages that her Government have no plans to introduce a tourism tax?
We have no plans to introduce additional taxes.
I want to get 50 million international visitors coming to the UK, because our tourism industry is an important part of what we do well in this country.
That is why I will be hosting the first visitor economy advisory council on Monday morning.
A tourism levy in York could raise £125,000 through a voluntary scheme, but if there were a comprehensive scheme, £1.7 million could go to my local community.
Will the Minister not consider such a scheme so that we can raise that revenue for York?
Attacked on both sides in different ways—pushmi-pullyu, I think it was—but my hon.
Friend makes a good point.