When establishing the political finance regime, Parliament’s explicit intention was to ban foreign donations.
However, limitations of the current law mean that it is possible for money from foreign sources to enter the UK electoral system through donations from UK companies.
For that reason, the Electoral Commission has called for the laws around company donations to be strengthened, to ensure that parties cannot accept money from companies that have not made enough in the UK to fund their donation or loan, to impose a duty to carry out enhanced “know your donor” checks, and to improve transparency over donations made through unincorporated associations.
In recent weeks we have seen the unedifying spectacle of opposition parties trying to curry favour with one particular foreign billionaire.
However, this issue is much bigger than Elon Musk.
Transparency International UK estimates that £1 in every £10 in our system—£150 million since 2021—comes from questionable or unknown sources.
When will these proposals come forward, so that we can debate them in the House and tackle this threat to our democracy?
As the hon.
Member will understand, proposals to change the law must come from the Government—with whom, I gently suggest, he has more influence that I do—but he is right that transparency is crucial.
It is important that we understand the source of the donations, so that the political parties that accept them can be properly held to account.
Surely, even in these febrile times, it should not be difficult to build a consensus around the proposition that foreign money should not be in British politics.
Can we not get the parties together now to make the strongest possible package of reforms, rather than reacting when it is too late?
As I mentioned, there is a consensus in this House that foreign donations should not play a part in British politics, but there are gaps in the law.
As  I mentioned, the Electoral Commission believes that those gaps can be properly closed through further legislation.
It is speaking to the Government about that, and I know that it would be happy discuss the matter further with the right hon.
Gentleman, if he so wishes.
The hon.
Member for Battersea, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked—
What steps the Church is taking to tackle racial injustice.
In 2020 the House of Bishops created the archbishops’ anti-racism taskforce, followed by the archbishops’ commission for racial justice, to continue the work of tackling racial injustice in the Church and society.
Last February, the General Synod voted unanimously to continue efforts to address racial injustice across the Church.
The Church’s work to recognise the importance of diversity and on proactive anti-racism is very welcome, but what steps is it taking to address its historical links to the slave trade?
The Church’s role in slavery is truly shameful.
It is only right that it takes action to recognise its links to the transatlantic enslavement of Africans.
No amount of money would ever be enough to repair the horrors of the slave trade, but the Church Commissioners’ project will set aside £100 million over nine years for a programme of impact, investment, research and engagement.
It is hoped that this fund will continue to grow over time and will reinvest returns.
Investments in grant funding will be directed towards communities that have been impacted by the enslavement of Africans.
Will the Leader of the House give us the forthcoming business?
The business for the week commencing  20 January  includes:
Monday 20 January —General debate on the impact of food and diet on obesity, followed by a general debate on financial education.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Tuesday 21 January —Remaining stages of the Armed Forces Commissioner Bill, followed by a motion to approve the draft Deposit Scheme for Drinks Containers (England and Northern Ireland) Regulations 2024.