I would be very happy to put my hon.
Friend in touch with the director of property strategy for the Church in Wales, so that they can discuss this issue and, I hope, lobby together to ensure—to say it once again—that the scheme is renewed.
The withdrawal of the listed places of worship scheme disproportionately affects rural churches.
In my constituency of Farnham and Bordon, six listed churches saved nearly £43,000 in the past financial year through the scheme.
Directors of St Andrew’s in Farnham and of St Bartholomew’s and St Christopher’s in Haslemere have raised concerns with me this week about the oversubscribed nature of other grant opportunities, such as the National Lottery Heritage Fund, which combines heritage restoration under the same scheme as, for example, coastal protection in the Humber estuary.
This dilutes the vital church funds needed for their heritage.
Can the hon.
Lady inform me how churches can be supported to preserve heritage in my constituency if the VAT relief for repairs is not reinstated?
I thank the hon.
Member for the question.
As he will have heard throughout this Question Time, we are keen to ensure that the listed places of worship grant scheme continues, because we can see not only the immense benefits it brings to our communities, but how it helps to alleviate some of the challenges of raising funds.
It is important that all our heritage buildings, including our churches, are preserved and that adequate funding is available for them.
I would be very happy, if the hon.
Member wishes, to meet him to discuss this further.
The scheme was designed to address a perverse incentive in the VAT rules that favoured demolition and rebuild at a time when we were unable to change those rules.
Post Brexit, we can now do so.
Will the Church Commissioners draw that to the attention of those on the Treasury Bench?
Yes.
Will the hon.
Lady therefore support my private Member’s Bill, which is coming up in March and is designed specifically to exclude repairs to listed places of worship from the VAT regime?
I will have a look at the hon.
Member’s Bill.
I, too, want to refer to the land of Calvin, oatcakes, and sulphur—Scotland.
In a village in my constituency where I used to live, there is a lovely old Church of Scotland church that has been bought by a  former Member of this place.
It is in bad condition and it is upsetting local people.
Can best practice be shared north of the border with planning authorities and heritage organisations?
I would be most grateful.
I will certainly share the hon.
Member’s thoughts, but I am happy to write to him with further details on other spaces where he can get more information on how he can support schemes in his constituency.
What steps the Church has taken to respond to the recommendations set out in the Makin review, published on 18 October 2024.
What recent steps the Church has taken to respond to allegations of child sexual abuse within the Church of England.
What steps the Church has taken to respond to the recommendations set out in the Makin review, published on 18 October 2024.
The Makin report made clear the devastating abuse suffered by children and young people at the hands of John Smyth.
In the meeting I had with representatives from the Archbishops’ Council, I raised the need for the Makin review to be a defining and watershed moment for the Church.
The review made 27 recommendations, some of which have already been implemented.
I am awaiting a full and thorough update from the Church on the detailed progress being made on each recommendation.
That work is in addition to the ongoing efforts to respond to the Wilkinson and Alexis Jay inquiries into child sexual abuse.
Following these reports, the Church began developing potential new safeguarding models, which will be decided at the General Synod in February.