We must ensure that its recommendations are implemented.
The urgent need for independent scrutiny of the Church’s safeguarding procedures was highlighted both by the Makin report and by the independent inquiry into child sexual abuse.
What are the current arrangements for independent scrutiny of safeguarding following the dismissal of the Church’s independent safeguarding board?
What is the timescale for having a permanent system for independent scrutiny in place  to safeguard against such appalling acts of abuse, as highlighted in both those reports?
Independent scrutiny of the Church’s safeguarding work is extremely important.
The Church commissioned a series of audits on dioceses and cathedrals by independent safeguarding experts, and several have been completed and published.
The independently chaired national safeguarding panel, which includes victims and survivors among its members, currently scrutinises safeguarding, but as I have already pointed out, proposals to strengthen scrutiny in the Church will be voted on at the Synod next month, and  the Church will then have to create a plan for implementation once the right model has been approved at that General Synod in February.
What steps the Church is taking to improve the maintenance of the Hyde Park Estate.
The Hyde Park estate has been managed by the Church Commissioners for over 150 years, and they are committed to its long-term stewardship.
As responsible landlords, the commissioners are committed to adopting best practice and have continuous investment programmes for the management of buildings on the estate to ensure that they remain fit for purpose both now and in the future.
I have been working for months with residents of the Quadrangle, the Water Gardens and Connaught Village on the scale of their service charges.
They have managed to reduce their service charges by 10%.
Will my hon.
Friend join me in congratulating them on their hard work and agree that they should not have had to work that hard?
Will she join me in a meeting with the Church Commissioners to improve the transparency and monitoring of service charge  levels?
Of course I congratulate the residents on their hard work.
I know from my constituency about the challenges around increases in service charges; it is so important that they are transparent to everybody.
I would be happy to join my hon.
Friend in a meeting with her residents on this issue, and I would recommend including those from the Church Commissioners’ property services team.
I hope that will be okay.
The Hyde Park estate is an oasis of peace and tranquillity in the middle of the concrete and buildings and used daily by many.
What steps will the Church take to ensure that there are sufficient waste disposal and recycling bins across the Hyde Park estate, for those with two legs, and indeed for those with four legs?
I am sure that those managing and maintaining the estate are looking at all those issues, but I would be happy to write to the hon.
Gentleman with further information.
The right hon.
and learned Member for Kenilworth and Southam, representing the Speaker’s Committee on the Electoral Commission, was asked—
If the Commission will make an assessment of the potential merits of banning foreign donations to UK political parties.
What recent assessment the Commission has made of the adequacy of the rules on donations by non-UK citizens to political parties.
When establishing the political finance regime, Parliament’s explicit intention was to ban foreign donations.
However, limitations of the current law mean that it is possible for money from foreign sources to enter the UK electoral system through donations from UK companies.
For that reason, the Electoral Commission has called for the laws around company donations to be strengthened, to ensure that parties cannot accept money from companies that have not made enough in the UK to fund their donation or loan, to impose a duty to carry out enhanced “know your donor” checks, and to improve transparency over donations made through unincorporated associations.