My constituent Kylie is a teacher who works with excluded young people who have some excellent ideas about what we can do to address antisocial behaviour and improve youth provision.
Can the Secretary of State provide an update on how the national youth strategy consultation will involve young people, so that we make sure that they are engaged in future policy decisions?
We are absolutely determined to put young people back in charge of their destiny.
They know better than we do the challenges that they face, and are often better at identifying the solutions.
That is why we have put young people in charge of the strategy.
We are co-producing it with them, and we will seek out a range of young people’s voices from every part of the country and every background as part of the process.
Swimming is a really important skill for young people.
I learned to swim at the Sovereign centre in Eastbourne, but so many pools across the country have closed—250 since 2015.
It is critical that the national youth strategy refers to swimming pools, and support for young people when it comes to swimming.
Will the Secretary of State ensure that is included in the strategy, and will she meet me and Eastbourne borough council representatives to discuss how we can best protect our pool in Eastbourne?
I would be delighted to offer the hon.
Gentleman a meeting with the Department on this critical issue; I would be amazed if it did not come up in the national youth strategy.
The strategy is led by young people, and it is for them to determine their priorities, but I hear this point made by young people in my  constituency of Wigan and across the length and breadth of the country.
The Under-Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Barnsley South (Stephanie Peacock) , is working very closely with the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government, and we are determined to address this issue.
I call the shadow Minister.
I thank the Secretary of State for her answers.
When she cancelled the national citizenship service and announced a consultation on the national youth strategy from the Dispatch Box, she started to lay out how she intended to fund the strategy.
That was over two months ago.
Since then, the cost of borrowing has reached its highest point since 1997, and it is quite clear that significant spending cuts are on the way.
Can she tell the House in further detail what plans she has for revenue and capital spending under the national youth strategy?
Can she guarantee that the Chancellor, in a desperate attempt to save her job, will not balance the books by putting the burden on the backs of our young people?
This is getting a little bit tired.
Young people should be the focus of this House.
We have already announced that £100 million of dormant assets funding will be dedicated to the provision of services, facilities and opportunities to young people, and for 2025-26, we are allocating over £85 million of capital funding to creating fit-for-purpose, welcoming spaces for young people, including through the new better youth spaces fund.
We are being driven by the needs of young people.
I have to say to the hon.
Gentleman that in addition to leaving us with an incredible economic mess, the Conservatives left us with a series of commitments to young people that did not address any of their needs, and no single youth strategy.
Frankly, they should be ashamed.
What steps her Department is taking to support small music venues.
We have Arts Council England’s Supporting Grassroots Music fund, and in addition, we are pushing the live events industry to introduce a voluntary levy on arena and gig events to support small music venues.