Many of my constituents have written to me expressing their concerns about campaign finance laws following media reports that a certain foreign billionaire will be providing very large donations.
Will the Government introduce legislation to cap individual donations, close existing loopholes and enhance the powers of the Electoral Commission?
My hon.
Friend is right: foreign money and foreign donations have no place in UK politics and are prohibited under current law, but the existing legislation may need to be tightened.
As he will know, we have a manifesto commitment to look at donations to political parties, and we will be introducing a Bill on elections, probably in the next Session.
Yesterday, along with many other Members, I attended an oversubscribed debate in Westminster Hall led by  the right hon.
Member for South Holland and The Deepings (Sir John Hayes)  on compensation for WASPI women.
It is clear there was no consensus on the Government side in relation to the outcome of the Government’s decision.
Given that the Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman sent the report to Parliament for Parliament to decide, when will the Government provide time for a debate and a vote?
I thank the hon.
Member for that question.
As she said, a debate did take place yesterday, and there are many mechanisms for debates to be brought forward in the Chamber or Westminster Hall.
I know it is of great disappointment to people that the Government have taken this decision, which was quite a specific one  about that report.
Many women were communicated with over that time, and an apology was issued, but we did not feel that the compensation being proposed was proportionate or would be a fair use of public funds at this time.
We have a housing crisis across the UK, and I am pleased that the Government have announced a plan to build 1.5 million more homes.
Does the Leader of the House agree that councils have an important part to play in fixing this crisis by updating their local plans and delivering the homes that are so desperately needed, including social housing and affordable homes?
Without these plans, our green-belt spaces are at risk, such as Whyburn Farm in my constituency, which Ashfield Independents on the district council are failing to protect by having no plan.
Does she agree that it is vital that councils use their local plans to meet the needs of communities, while also protecting our green-belt spaces?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: this country faces a housing crisis.
That is why this Government have an incredibly ambitious target to build 1.5 million homes over the course of this Parliament, and we are changing the national planning policy framework to ensure that local councils have ambitious targets for their own local areas in order to meet that target.
In the 2024 new year’s honours list, Stuart Hogg was awarded an MBE.
Since then he has been charged, convicted and sentenced for domestic abuse.
Does the Leader of the House and Lord President of the Council agree that he should be stripped of that state honour?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising this important matter, which I know is of great concern to him and to many other Members across the House.
Let us be clear that domestic abuse is abhorrent, we condemn it, and it should not be, or be seen to be, rewarded by any of us.
It is completely understandable and appropriate that he and others raise questions about whether this honour should continue.
He will know that I cannot comment on individual honours.
However, recommendations to remove honours are considered by the Forfeiture Committee, which he might want to raise this with.
I am deeply concerned about a local decision by our hospital trust to cut the bus route between Burnley general teaching hospital urgent care centre and Royal Blackburn teaching hospital, which is a huge loss to staff and patients.