He will know that I cannot comment on individual honours.
However, recommendations to remove honours are considered by the Forfeiture Committee, which he might want to raise this with.
I am deeply concerned about a local decision by our hospital trust to cut the bus route between Burnley general teaching hospital urgent care centre and Royal Blackburn teaching hospital, which is a huge loss to staff and patients.
Will the Leader of the House join me in calling on transport operators, the county council, East Lancashire hospitals NHS trust, Blackburn with Darwen borough council and others to get round the table and find a solution to save our shuttle bus and keep this vital service running?
Shuttle buses such as the one my hon.
Friend describes in his constituency—especially those that go to hospitals and other local services—are vital.
For too long, local areas and communities have not had a say in the bus routes they need in their area.
That is why we have brought forward the Bus Services Bill,  which is making its way through the other House and will ensure that his constituents have more of a say over the bus routes in their area.
As I am sure you know, Mr Speaker, my constituency is the source of a number of globally significant chalk streams, not least and most famously the River Test.
A number of Members were pressing the previous Government to bring forward a chalk stream recovery pack, to help get those rivers back to their best state of health, so you can imagine our disappointment when we learnt in the media before Christmas that this pack was being abandoned, as was subsequently confirmed in a ministerial statement.
Could we have a statement urgently from the Secretary of State about what he will do to replace that pack and bring these rivers back to the state of health they should be in?
We have to help Sir Charles Walker’s fishing—come on, Leader of the House.
I pride myself on knowing lots of things about what the Government are doing, but I have to admit that this is not something I am aware of or can offer the right hon.
Gentleman any particular advice on right now.
However, I assure him that I will raise it today with the Minister and ensure that he gets a full response.
If that is not sufficient, I will ensure that the Minister comes to the House.
Back in September, I hand-delivered a letter to the Home Office regarding critical concerns about our asylum hotel and about so many vulnerable families being put in such a deprived area.
I had a holding response in October, as did my council, but can the Leader of the House secure me a meeting with Home Office officials to discuss this vital issue?
My hon.
Friend consistently raises the issue of asylum hotels in his constituency, and I am really sorry to hear that he has not yet had a response from the relevant Minister.
I will ensure that he gets a response and the meeting he has asked for.
My question is about a rather disturbing matter, and it regards the latest issue of The House magazine.
On page 14, there is an article entitled, “State of the union”.
There are depictions of the United Kingdom, and each country has its flag.
The flag over Northern Ireland, contrary to what the rest of the world knows it to be, is the flag of the Republic of Ireland, as opposed to the Union flag or the Ulster banner.
This is absolutely outrageous and must be corrected in a suitably clear manner.
The flag of our nation—my nation—is precious.
When I look at the red of the St Patrick’s cross in the background of that flag, I think of the blood of those whose lives were given in the defence of Northern Ireland and this great nation.