We are keen to promote women’s football and do everything that we can to encourage girls and women to get involved.
I call the shadow Minister.
The previous Conservative Government invested over £400 million to support grassroots sport, recognising the vital contribution of sport to our communities across the country.
The Minister will already be aware of our concerns about the impact of Labour’s national insurance hike, and the impact that the schools tax will have on community access to sporting facilities.
Equally concerning is Labour’s decision to quietly cut the £57 million opening school facilities programme from March.
Does she understand why grassroots sport organisations are so concerned about access to school facilities, and schools potentially having to close them to the community?
Has she raised those concerns with Cabinet colleagues, and what measures are her Department taking to support access to grassroots sport for the more than 200,000 people who previously benefited from Conservative programmes?
I think that was six questions rather than one.
I will take no lectures from the hon.
Gentleman on the state of the economy and the inheritance that we received.
The Government are a huge champion of grassroots sport, and will continue to be one.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Sport and physical activity must play a bigger part in the debate on our nation’s collective health and the future of health services.
Sport England reports that almost one in three children are classed as inactive.
More than a third of adults do not meet the chief medical officer’s recommendations for physical activity.
Sedentary lifestyles are associated with one in six deaths, and obesity costs the economy £58 billion per year.
Those are truly shocking statistics  that we should all be ashamed of.
What conversations are Ministers in the Department having with colleagues in other Departments, most notably Health, to ensure an increased focus on physical activity to improve our nation’s physical and mental health?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for that important question.
Through our health missions, and the health mission board, we work really closely across Government.
This is a pivotal issue.
Sport plays a huge part in getting people more active.
I know that from my own area: over 30% of people in Barnsley are inactive.
Just yesterday, I met with the Richmond group of charities, which works on this sort of issue, and I continue to have both Government meetings and meetings with stakeholders.
We really want to make progress in this area.
What steps her Department has taken to support public trust in reliable sources of news and information.
The Government take reliable sources of news very seriously.
I have already started initial discussions with the BBC about the charter review and the future of the licence fee.
We are also working closely with local media on a local media strategy.
We saw the importance of local news over the summer in tackling disinformation during the riots and civil unrest.
We are determined to provide a level playing field for local and regional newspapers to ensure that they can continue to thrive.
In the past few weeks, we have seen the spread of disinformation using online platforms and the proliferation of misinformation on an industrial scale.
Attempts to destabilise the Government and throw off public discourse do not have Britain’s best interests at heart.
I have been contacted by multiple constituents in Stratford and Bow who, like me, are deeply concerned about the unchecked ability of foreign billionaires to impact British democracy and news.
As a member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, I have heard witnesses talk about the impact of this globally.
What assurances can the Minister provide my constituents that the Government are taking the threat of foreign disinformation seriously?
That is precisely one of the reasons why my right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary provided an uplift to the BBC World Service this year.
My hon.
Friend mentions foreign billionaires.