The House should debate and decide on these matters for itself.
I hope that, as with Second Reading, colleagues will focus on the substance and not the processes of this sensitive private Member’s Bill.
It really has been quite incredible to watch the collective display of amnesia on the Conservative Benches over recent weeks—it is like the past 14 years did not happen.
I see that the Leader of the Opposition is out today in what has been briefed as her finally telling the truth about the Conservatives’ record: they did not have a plan for growth, they were not honest with the British people, and they negotiated a bad Brexit deal.
However, it sounds like  the right hon.
Member for Hereford and South Herefordshire (Jesse Norman)  did not quite get that memo.
It sounds like the right hon.
Gentleman did not get the memo about the Conservatives needing to be honest about their record on standards either.
If he wants to compare the previous Government’s record on losing Ministers, I am quite happy to do so.
Boris Johnson had 36 of his own Ministers resign in 24 hours—the highest number on modern record.
Even the very nice right hon.
Member for Richmond and Northallerton (Rishi Sunak) lost four of his senior Ministers in his first few months, including his party chairman and Deputy Prime Minister, for breaking the ministerial code.
Even when there were investigations on Ministers, they were often ignored.
This Government have strengthened the ministerial code and now have an adviser who is able to initiate investigations.
We have brought in new rules for Members of Parliament on outside interests, and we will go further.
The right hon.
Gentleman obviously did not get the memo on the Conservatives’ record on the economy, and is instead trying to attack our plans.
The Leader of the Opposition, his party leader, is now telling the country that they did not have a plan for growth.
That is the truth of the situation, isn’t it?
The Conservatives had 14 years to do something about the fundamental weaknesses in our economy, and they did nothing.
In fact, they made those weaknesses even worse: stagnant growth, low productivity, low wages, low skills, high mortgages, high debt, poor health, poor housing, woeful transport, deep-seated inequalities, and no ambition under the previous Government to gain the jobs of the future.
We are beginning to tackle those deep-rooted weaknesses, and that is the truth that he and his party leader should be telling the country.
Community organisations are the backbone of many events in towns and villages across North West   Leicestershire.
For the past 10 years, the Rotary Club of Ashby de la Zouch Castle has organised our annual charity Santa fun run in Ashby, which I have had the pleasure of taking part in alongside hundreds of local people.
Last week, the club presented cheques to LOROS hospice, Rainbows hospice for children and young people, and Staunton Harold Sailability Trust.
It was great to hear that the fun run has now raised over £100,000 for local charities that support residents in need.
Will the Leader of the House join me in thanking the volunteers for their commitment to support our communities, and could the House be granted an opportunity to discuss what further support could be provided to volunteers to ensure that they continue to thrive?
I will certainly join my hon.
Friend in thanking the volunteers in her constituency for what sound like fantastic local fundraising activities.
I thought she was going to ask me to go on a fun run—to which the answer was going to be no—but otherwise I welcome her question.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
On the Liberal Democrat Benches, we have been delighted by the recent groundswell of support from across the House for Liberal Democrat policies.