Over the past six years, it has been able to reclaim £50,000 of VAT using the listed places of worship grant scheme, including for repairs to the tower, refurbishment of the bells and rebuilding the church organ.
Will the Government extend the scheme beyond 2025, and if so, what will the allocation be?
This issue falls within the remit of the Minister for Creative Industries, Arts and Tourism.
He will answer a question on this later, but the Government are working on it.
What plans her Department has for the regulation of short-term lets.
We aim to get up a statutory registration system for short-term lets very soon, not least because we want to make sure that local authorities have all the data that they need to assess local accommodation needs, and so that there is a level playing field for different kinds of accommodation.
I thank the Minister for his answer.
My constituents in Kensington and Bayswater regularly raise this issue with me, and are looking forward to the registration scheme, not least so that we can better enforce the 90-day rule in London.
Does the Minister have any further information on when that scheme will come online?
Has he considered giving councils licensing powers, perhaps through the devolution Bill, so that where a high concentration of short-term lets is taking properties out of the private rented sector, we can consider the numbers?
My hon.
Friend asks two questions.
The first is about the timing.
We have already done the initial phase.
I hope that we will be able to make an announcement fairly soon about the technical elements, which we hope to get up and running this year.
The second point is important: what is the final purpose of this registration scheme?
We are in discussions with the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government, because we want to make sure that the scheme works and delivers what people want, which is a really strong local visitor economy, but we do not want to undermine local housing strategies.
Holiday lets play an important part in the tourism economy; 20 million people visit the lakes every year, and they need somewhere to stay.
Having said that, in the last five  years especially, we have seen a gobbling-up of the long-term private rented sector and local people forced out by a massive growth in short-term lets.
Will the Minister speak more with the Minister for Housing and Planning about how planning law can be changed, so that councils and national parks can put a limit on the number of short-term lets in the community, and take action on second homes, too?
I agree with every single thing the hon.
Member said, and I will do as he urges.
What progress her Department has made on creating a national youth strategy.
We have wasted no time in cracking on with the national youth strategy.
We have almost finished recruiting to the youth advisory group and the expert advisory group, and I can tell the House that we have taken suggestions from Conservative Members and included a member of the uniformed youth groups on that youth advisory group, which will meet for the first time in late January or early February.
My officials are reviewing the evidence base, which they will consider, and we are launching the strategy in the summer, with an interim report expected in the spring.
My constituent Kylie is a teacher who works with excluded young people who have some excellent ideas about what we can do to address antisocial behaviour and improve youth provision.
Can the Secretary of State provide an update on how the national youth strategy consultation will involve young people, so that we make sure that they are engaged in future policy decisions?
We are absolutely determined to put young people back in charge of their destiny.