Post offices provide vital services in our rural communities, such as banking.
In my Thornbury and Yate constituency, however, there are concerns about the future of the post office in Tytherington community shop, following the announcement that its partner post office in Cromhall will close at the end of February.
Will the Leader of the House agree to give us a debate in Government time on how we can support community post offices in the future?
The issue of community post offices regularly comes up in these sessions, and I know it is a matter of considerable importance to the House.
It would make for a good Backbench Business debate, and I see that the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee is still in his place.
The hon.
Member for Thornbury and Yate (Claire Young)  is right to raise these issues.
I know that colleagues are concerned about plans to close all the current Crown post offices, too.
She should know that no decisions have been made on that, and I would encourage colleagues to raise the matter very strongly in the House, with Ministers and, indeed, with the Post Office itself.
Sadly, many places across England have been impacted by flooding in recent days.
The ground floor of Meadow Mill in my constituency was flooded on new year’s eve, which meant that residents in 213 apartments were not only stranded but left without water, electricity or heating.
I thank all the emergency service workers and Stockport council staff for supporting the residents.
Can we have a debate in Government time on the impact of flooding on insurance premiums and service charge costs for apartment block residents?
As a near constituency neighbour of my hon.
Friend, I am well aware of Meadow Mill and all the trauma and difficulties suffered by residents during the recent flooding.
Many other colleagues’ constituencies were affected, too.
This Government inherited really poor flood defence systems, which is why we have put in place a floods resilience taskforce.
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight insurance costs and other issues, and I will ensure that the House is kept constantly updated on flooding and its impacts.
Could the Leader of the House use her great influence to improve the tone and quality of ministerial responses in this place?
On Monday, the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology responded to the question I asked on behalf of the creative industries, which are very worried about the Government’s consultation on artificial intelligence and copyright, by telling me that I do not
“understand the idea of a consultation.
”—[Official Report,  13 January 2025 ; Vol.
760, c. 55.]
I hate to admit it, but I am long enough in the tooth to say that I genuinely do understand what a consultation is and how to recognise one that does not appear to be genuine and that has a foregone conclusion.
The point is that we need to be able to articulate questions on behalf of our constituents and on behalf of sectors that contribute so much to the UK economy, and receive a response that has dignity and respect at its heart.
I am sure the Leader of the House agrees that this place should be no place for mansplaining.
I thank the hon.
Lady for all the brilliant work she does on behalf of our creative industries as Chair of the Culture, Media and Sport Committee.
I know that AI and copyright are to the fore among the issues about which the creative industries are concerned.
I am happy to apologise on behalf of any Minister who may have inadvertently not used the appropriate tone.
I know that the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology respects the hon.
Lady greatly, and I am sure he did not mean to cause any offence.
I am sure it was meant humorously, which is obviously not how it has been taken.