Friend the Foreign Secretary provided an uplift to the BBC World Service this year.
My hon.
Friend mentions foreign billionaires.
Unlike the Conservatives, we have no intention of conducting government by social media.
While they amplify the noise and conspiracy theories, we are cracking on with delivering for people in the real world where most of us spend our time.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Secretary of State?
We are moving very fast—it is almost like you have done this before, Mr Speaker.
We are wasting no time in standing up for people and fighting their corner.
We are taking on the ticket touts, working with the Creative Industries Independent Standards Authority to tackle harassment in the creative industries and working with Jewish leaders to tackle antisemitism in the arts.
We will take every action necessary to progress the Football Governance Bill through the House of Lords and to deliver for football fans.
We have launched the AI copyright consultation and convened the Creative Industries Council under its new chair Baroness Shriti Vadera.
Tomorrow I will be in the great town of Gateshead to host the first creative growth summit to bring good jobs and growth to every part of the United Kingdom.
Gables, an animal rescue charity in my constituency that I met before Christmas, and the Devon Mental Health Alliance have shared the negative impacts the increase to employers’ national insurance contributions will have on their service delivery.
For Gables, it is a £22,000 increase to its costs.
For DMHA, it decreases the amount of services it can provide, which are needed to ease local NHS pressures.
What hope can the Secretary of State offer them for the future?
I reassure the hon.
Member that the Government work closely with the charity sector.
Only a few months ago, the Prime Minister threw open the doors of Downing Street to launch a new covenant with civil society to work hand in hand with them on the shared challenges we face.
We are aware of the impact of the changes on charities.
That is why we have more than doubled the employment allowance from £5,000 to £10,500 to protect the smallest charities, and we published an impact assessment alongside the autumn Budget process that sets out the impact on charities.
We will continue to work closely with charities to support them.
The national youth strategy is a crucial step forward, and I welcome its progress.
Will the Secretary of State outline how new youth programmes, such as the better youth spaces initiative, will help to rebuild facilities in Southampton Itchen, where years of Conservative cuts have impacted opportunities for our young people?
We fully acknowledge the challenges faced by the sector and the challenging needs of young people.
The strategy will help us move forward from a one-size-fits-all approach from central Government, bringing power back to young people and their communities and rebuilding a thriving and sustainable youth sector.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
January is traditionally a time when people commit to exercising more, and it is the perfect opportunity to encourage a more active nation—
Go on then!
Bingo!
I knew he would do that.
I am proud that in government we had a sport strategy and set up the national physical activity taskforce, which brought together Departments, delivery partners and industry to work to increase activity rates.
May I ask the Secretary of State when the taskforce last met, whether it discussed the impact of the jobs tax on the sector’s ability to get more people active, and what alternative measures there will be for the school holidays when facilities will no longer be open?
The shadow Secretary of State will know that we have regular meetings with representatives from sporting bodies and industry.