I am awaiting a full and thorough update from the Church on the detailed progress being made on each recommendation.
That work is in addition to the ongoing efforts to respond to the Wilkinson and Alexis Jay inquiries into child sexual abuse.
Following these reports, the Church began developing potential new safeguarding models, which will be decided at the General Synod in February.
I pay tribute to my ecclesiastical co-worker, the Right Reverend Helen-Ann Hartley, Bishop of Newcastle, for her leadership and courage in championing the voices of victims in the wake of the Makin review.
Newcastle is proud of her.
Are the Church Commissioners aware of her ongoing concerns about the implementation of the review?
In particular, what can they do to ensure that dioceses have the resources necessary to implement a high standard of safeguarding and to ensure that the Church is focused on the interests of the victims and the vulnerable, rather than the career interests of leading clergy?
My hon.
Friend rightly raises the work that her own bishop has been doing in her constituency on this issue.
Following the Makin review, colleagues such as my hon.
Friend and many represented here today and from across the House have rightly been raising their concerns about safeguarding in the Church.
This week I met representatives from the Archbishops’ Council, including the Bishop of Stepney, Joanne Grenfell,  who is the lead bishop for safeguarding in the Church, to raise my concerns.
The House can rest assured that I did that robustly.
The Church’s national safeguarding team is now at stage three of its four-stage process to assess and deal with the risk posed by those criticised in the Makin review, which is rightly welcomed.
In addition, the Church institutions have developed the two model proposals on safeguarding, which will go to the Synod in February.
Those independent safeguarding models will look at a scrutiny body and at safeguarding operations more independent of the Church.
I will be at the Synod in February, and I will listen closely to that debate.
Make no mistake, the Church has an enormous amount of work to do to create a cultural shift.
That is what is required.
It needs to rebuild trust and confidence.
It is also important that everybody in the House feels as though they get the opportunity to raise their concerns.
I thank my hon.
Friend and others for ensuring that they have raised this issue here today.
I would very much like to pay tribute to the Bishop of Newcastle as well.
What was so tragic was that so few senior voices were being heard in the Anglican Church.
The Makin review named the Bishop of Lincoln and the bishop in charge of the Episcopal Church, but so few people have been held to account.
Will the hon.
Lady please ensure that more people are properly held to account and that some of the people who have been named are cleared out of those top jobs?
The right hon.
Member makes a critical point.
It is so important for the Church to view this as the chance to turn a corner and make it a watershed moment.
We need change, and those responsible must be held to account.
I would be happy to discuss this matter further with the right hon.
Member if that would be of help, but he should make no mistake that I strongly believe that it is important that the Church  is held to account.
The Bishop of Stepney—the lead bishop for safeguarding—and the director for safeguarding both welcomed the Makin review when it was first published last year.
We must ensure that its recommendations are implemented.
The urgent need for independent scrutiny of the Church’s safeguarding procedures was highlighted both by the Makin report and by the independent inquiry into child sexual abuse.
What are the current arrangements for independent scrutiny of safeguarding following the dismissal of the Church’s independent safeguarding board?