I thank the Secretary of State for her in-depth explanation of what the Government are and will be doing to ensure the safety of our children in the face of the most heinous crimes.
Since the vote on the amendment to the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill last week and the subsequent attention that it attracted in the media, many of my constituents have written to me upset, angry and in fear over the grooming scandal.
All the correspondence I have received demands a public inquiry into this scandal, to determine the failures—both historical and present—of the institutions involved that allowed these heinous crimes against vulnerable children to go on for so long and so widely, without being stopped and without the victims being safeguarded and protected sufficiently.
In northern towns such as Blackburn in my constituency, crimes of this nature and grooming gangs continue to haunt our streets and vulnerable children.
Can the Home Secretary confirm that further public inquiries and reports are needed to find out why this has gone on for such a long time?
We need to provide my constituents and everybody across the country with solace.
Members will have seen that today’s Order Paper carries a memorial notice of Lieutenant Colonel Frank Heilgers, Royal Artillery, Member for Bury St Edmunds.
Throughout this year, which marks the 80th anniversary of the end of the second world war, we will commemorate on the Order Paper those Members who gave their life in service of their country during world war two.
The Secretary of State was asked—
I call James Naish—not here.
What assessment she has made of the contribution of community spaces to civil society.
The Government are committed to creating thriving community spaces, including community centres, youth clubs and sports facilities, that offer vital resources for communities across the country.
My Department is allocating over £85 million of funding in 2025-26 to create fit-for-purpose, welcoming spaces for young people.
That includes launching the better youth spaces fund.
I thank the Minister for her reply.
Swanscombe pavilion in my constituency is at the heart of the Swanscombe community.
It hosted dedicated lunch clubs for older people, provided a hub for local sports teams, and was a venue that local people could hire for parties.
The building has fallen into disrepair, and the town council is searching desperately for the funds to rebuild or refurbish it, having been unable to obtain funding from the youth investment fund or the community ownership fund.
What guidance could the Minister offer on bringing this crucial building back into community use?
I am pleased that my hon.
Friend was able to meet the Under-Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Nottingham North and Kimberley (Alex Norris) , on Monday to discuss this issue, which falls under his remit.
As a local MP, I know from my constituency the important role that community spaces play in supporting local groups; they bring a huge benefit locally.
The Government encourage community  groups seeking funding to use the tools available on the My Community website, which suggests funding sources.
I hope this information will help the council to work out its next steps, alongside the feedback that it should have received on its unsuccessful application to the community ownership fund.
Community spaces are crucial hubs for so many people, and our churches play a key role in providing such spaces.
All Saints parish church in Hertford in my constituency has been in its beautiful riverside location for almost 1,000 years.
Over the past six years, it has been able to reclaim £50,000 of VAT using the listed places of worship grant scheme, including for repairs to the tower, refurbishment of the bells and rebuilding the church organ.
Will the Government extend the scheme beyond 2025, and if so, what will the allocation be?
This issue falls within the remit of the Minister for Creative Industries, Arts and Tourism.