What assessment has the Department made of the impact of biodiversity net gain requirements on investment in community sports facilities?
Biodiversity net gain is a legal requirement for all new developments and is not specific to sports facilities.
The Government are working with Sport England, the Football Foundation and wider grassroots sport to help reduce the sector’s impact on the environment.
That of course includes supporting these organisations in meeting their obligations regarding biodiversity net gain.
I understand that the Football Foundation will meet officials from the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, which oversees the implementation of biodiversity net gain, to discuss this issue further.
I thank the Minister for her response.
Last year, in my constituency, the Stevenage Football Club Foundation delivered more than 9,000 hours of activity in grassroots sports and engaged over 15,000 participants, generating nearly £10.7 million-worth of social value.
This did not happen only in my constituency.
Last year, the 72 English Football League community club organisations delivered more than £1.2 billion-worth of social value across this country.
Will the Minister commit to supporting local community club organisations, such as the Stevenage FC Foundation, in engaging local people and directly supporting communities?
I pay tribute to the Stevenage FC Foundation and the many other community organisations up and down the country for their important work.
Local community club organisations use the power of sport to change lives through charitable and community activities, often through delivery across a range of areas, from health to wellbeing and employment.
I have seen it in my own area of Barnsley, with Reds in the Community, which does brilliant work across my town.
There are growing storm clouds in rugby union.
At the grassroots, clubs are up in arms about what is going on in the leadership.
They called for a general meeting, which was denied.
One has now been agreed and will happen in March.
When asked in writing whether there will be a review of the finances or governance of the Rugby Football Union, the Government said that there are no plans for one.
In the light of what I have set out, will they reconsider whether there should be a review of the governance, and do they have confidence that the RFU will be able to solve this issue?
There is also rugby league.
Of course, Mr Speaker; we would not forget that.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for raising that incredibly important point.
National governing bodies are of course independent of Government, and it is for the RFU to answer for its approach.
The DCMS notes that the chair of the RFU stood down recently.
The Secretary of State and I meet regularly with rugby stakeholders, and will continue to do so.
My eldest granddaughter loves football.
She is 15 years old and plays in goal.
The interest in girls and ladies’ football in Northern Ireland is exceptional, as it is here on the mainland.
I know that the Minister is committed to it.
What has been done to ensure that girls and women’s football is promoted across this great United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland to their advantage?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman.
A few years ago, I raised some eyebrows by having a photograph taken in this Chamber as part of the women’s parliamentary football team.
That certainly gained a bit of attention for women’s football.
As Minister for sport, I recently held a meeting with Karen Carney regarding the women’s football review implementation group.
We are keen to promote women’s football and do everything that we can to encourage girls and women to get involved.
I call the shadow Minister.
The previous Conservative Government invested over £400 million to support grassroots sport, recognising the vital contribution of sport to our communities across the country.