That is why we are introducing a range of reforms to ensure that people can gamble safely, including a stake limit for online slot games, financial vulnerability checks and tougher regulations on direct marketing.
We are also aware of the concerns around the blurring of boundaries between gambling and video games, and we are paying close attention to novel and emerging gambling and gambling-like products.
I thank the Minister for her response.
We all know that 2.5% of the population are considered to be problem gamblers, and 44% of that population is at high risk of suicidal behaviour, according to the  excellent charity Gambling with Lives.
Of course, the loss of any life to gambling addiction is deeply saddening, and I give my condolences to all the affected families.
The impact of problem gambling stretches far and wide across the UK, including in my constituency of Monmouthshire, and it should be considered a public health issue.
What cross-departmental work is being done to tackle the concerning issue of suicide due to gambling?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising such an important question.
Of course, any life lost is an absolute tragedy.
When I was the shadow gambling Minister, I visited the Gordon Moody residential treatment centre, which supports people with gambling-related harm.
On that visit and at other meetings, I heard at first hand about the devastating impact that gambling can have.
We are committed to working across Government on this issue, particularly with the Department of Health and Social Care, including by establishing a comprehensive support and treatment system, funded by the statutory levy, and by strengthening messages in order to raise awareness of the risks of harmful gambling.
The Minister will not be surprised to hear me raise the issue of the disproportionality of affordability checks on those betting on racing, and the reform of the betting levy.
I am grateful for the positive tone taken so far, and the constructive engagement from her and the Secretary of State.
Talks between the gambling industry and the racing industry about the betting levy continue, but I think ultimately Ministers will be required to make a decision.
We need the betting levy to be increased overall, and applied to races held overseas that people are betting on here.
We think there will be not just a fiscal forecast but a mini-Budget in March.
Can those industries start working with the Treasury now to make sure that there are plans to reform the betting levy in the Finance Bill?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for that question.
He is a huge champion for the horseracing industry.
Of course, the Government and I recognise the significant contribution that racing makes to British sporting culture and the rural economy in particular.
We are disappointed that talks have not been successful.
The Government have heard racing’s concerns about the financial checks, and about the fact that there has not been an agreement.
The Minister with responsibility for gambling and the Secretary of State continue to work on this issue.
What discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on supporting creative education.
My hon.
Friend will know that the Education Secretary has launched a review of the national curriculum to put art, sport and music back at its heart, where they belong.
We were appalled by the way that the previous Government ran down the creative subjects, leading to a huge drop-off in the number of young people taking those subjects at GCSE.
Labelling them all as Mickey Mouse subjects is not just entirely offensive but incredibly damaging to the economy.
The creative industries support  one in seven jobs in this country, and we are determined to equip our young people to get those jobs, contribute to this country and write the next chapter of our national story.
I thank the Secretary of State for her answer.
Every young person deserves to experience the magic of music.