It has been extraordinary, in particular, to see her attacked by her own colleagues, who have said:
“we’re going back to austerity in all but name.”
Luckily, the Government were able to announce some good news in the form of the latest results of the national wealth fund, which has apparently generated more than 6,000 jobs and £1.6 billion in private investment over the last six months—except that the announcement is, I am afraid, entirely disingenuous.
As Lord Livermore said in a debate in the other House in October, the national wealth fund is, in fact, the UK Infrastructure Bank with a new name and a bit more capital.
I know something about the UK Infrastructure Bank, because I set it up in 2021 when I was Financial Secretary to the Treasury.
It has an absolutely world-class leadership team and I am not remotely surprised to see it doing so well.
But the idea that its recent success is attributable to a Labour Government who have done little more than rebrand it is an embarrassing joke.
Its success has been powered by good institutional design, a top team, tonnes of talented employees and more than four years of hard work.
One recalls the Government’s attempt to claim credit for £63 billion of international cash in the October investment summit.
I know the Leader of the House is a strong believer in transparency and accountability, so will she have the Treasury update the House on what form that investment has taken, how much of it has been received and where it is being spent?
Frankly, it is more than doubtful that three months of post-election chaos in the Government had any such effect in boosting investment, but we will see when the Government publish the numbers, as I am sure they will.
If it turns out like the so-called national wealth fund, we will know that the Labour Government are more than happy to take credit for at least some of the work of the previous Government, provided that they can put their own name on it.
I, too, am sure that the whole House will welcome the developments between Israel and Gaza over the past hours and days, with a long-overdue ceasefire and the release of hostages now looking like a real possibility, although that is still to be confirmed.
This will hopefully now lead to much-needed aid getting in,usb the end of the killing, the hostages being released, and, I hope, what will be the beginning of a long-term political solution for the region.
We will hear shortly from the Foreign Secretary with further details on that.
First, I will explain one of the pieces of business I have just announced, and set out why the Government will table a money resolution relating to the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Bill next week.
In order for a Bill Committee to consider any clauses that could have spending implications, the Government must first table a money resolution.
That is not the Government agreeing to fund the measures in a Bill; it is purely to enable the Bill to be debated in Committee.
In the case of this Bill, this relates to one small component that is yet to be debated and agreed.
Without the motion being agreed to, that debate could not happen and that component could not remain in the Bill.
The Government have taken the view that that would act against our commitment to remain neutral on the Bill.
The House should debate and decide on these matters for itself.
I hope that, as with Second Reading, colleagues will focus on the substance and not the processes of this sensitive private Member’s Bill.
It really has been quite incredible to watch the collective display of amnesia on the Conservative Benches over recent weeks—it is like the past 14 years did not happen.