The business for the week commencing  20 January  includes:
Monday 20 January —General debate on the impact of food and diet on obesity, followed by a general debate on financial education.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Tuesday 21 January —Remaining stages of the Armed Forces Commissioner Bill, followed by a motion to approve the draft Deposit Scheme for Drinks Containers (England and Northern Ireland) Regulations 2024.
Wednesday 22 January —Motion to agree a money resolution relating to the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Bill, followed by Second Reading of the Bank Resolution (Recapitalisation) Bill [Lords].
Thursday 23 January —General debate on Holocaust Memorial Day.
Friday 24 January —Private Members’ Bills.
The provisional business for the week commencing  27 January  will include:
Monday 27 January —General debate on the creative industries.
Tuesday 28 January —Remaining stages of the Water (Special Measures) Bill [Lords].
Wednesday 29 January —Second Reading of the Arbitration Bill.
Thursday 30 January —Business to be determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 31 January —The House will not be sitting.
For the convenience of the House, and in view of the three important statements that are taking place today, the motion on the draft Deposit Scheme for Drinks Containers (England and Northern Ireland) Regulations 2024 will not be moved today.
I am sure that the Leader of the House and every Member will join me in welcoming the news overnight of a ceasefire in Gaza.
Let us hope and pray that it is as effective, comprehensive and long-lasting as possible.
Back at home, all one can say is that it has been another extraordinary week for the Government, though possibly not in the way that they would have wanted.
We have had the Government’s anti-corruption Minister herself being named for corruption by another country in the face of an international investigation into embezzlement of development and other funds.
We have had the unusually unlovely sight of the Chancellor of the Exchequer in a desperate search for growth that has taken her to Beijing and back—though with precious little result, it seems.
The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales said this week that stagflation—that toxic combination of recession and inflation—is now “a live risk”.
Even the very, very modest GDP growth reported for November was below expectations.
At some point, the Government’s current spending splurge will doubtless start to nudge growth upwards over the coming year, but in the meantime we will have to look forward to the grim prospect of the national insurance changes in April and the horrors of the Employment Rights Bill, which even by the Government’s own estimates will cost employers an extra £5 billion a year.
So dire has the Chancellor’s position become that she has been forced to ask Cabinet colleagues for ideas of growth.
Given the galaxy of business talent around the Cabinet table, how can that possibly go wrong?
Meanwhile, the Prime Minister has been forced not only to express “full confidence” in the Chancellor—always a death knell—but to insist that she will remain in post for the full period of this Government.
Let us see how that works out.
It has been extraordinary, in particular, to see her attacked by her own colleagues, who have said:
“we’re going back to austerity in all but name.”
Luckily, the Government were able to announce some good news in the form of the latest results of the national wealth fund, which has apparently generated more than 6,000 jobs and £1.6 billion in private investment over the last six months—except that the announcement is, I am afraid, entirely disingenuous.
As Lord Livermore said in a debate in the other House in October, the national wealth fund is, in fact, the UK Infrastructure Bank with a new name and a bit more capital.