This is absolutely outrageous and must be corrected in a suitably clear manner.
The flag of our nation—my nation—is precious.
When I look at the red of the St Patrick’s cross in the background of that flag, I think of the blood of those whose lives were given in the defence of Northern Ireland and this great nation.
When I see the publication’s mistake, it grieves me to see how we are regarded by so many.
I wish to make it clear that we do not live under the flag of the Republic of Ireland, despite the view of those who do not take their seats here.
However, it seems that their influence is greater than that of those in this  Chamber.
The flag of Northern Ireland is the Ulster banner or the Union flag, and it means something to many people.
We cannot allow this disgraceful incident to pass.
I ask the Leader of the House and you, Mr Speaker, to ensure that there is a correction.
Perhaps the staff at The House also need to be educated about the basics of the state of the Union, including its geography; they need to understand the wee simple things, given that it purports to be a political magazine that is focused on the business of this House.
Will the Leader of the House show her displeasure with the erroneous depiction?
May I ask her to ensure that a correction is made immediately, and that geographic training for staff at The House magazine will take place?
I absolutely share the hon.
Gentleman’s displeasure, and I thank him for raising this matter today.
It is a very disturbing mistake for The House to have made.
He will be aware that I am not responsible for the magazine, but I hope that the editors and the editorial board are watching this exchange and can offer the hon.
Gentleman a full explanation and a full apology.
They need to put this situation right with immediate effect.
Given that I have been brought into this matter, I reassure the hon.
Gentleman that The House is not a publication of the House, but it does trade on the House’s name and use the House’s coat of arms.
There are questions to be asked, and the hon.
Gentleman has raised a very important question.
The Leader of the House and I will look at what we can do and what should happen next.
Right across my constituency, there is plenty of support for this Government’s ambition to do far better when it comes to transitioning to clean, green renewable energy.
However, there is also a lot of frustration when my constituents see new houses going up, because we are not making use of rooftops and making sure that homes have the highest energy efficiency standards.
Can we have a statement from the Housing Minister about how we can make sure that we are far more ambitious than the last Government in the requirements on developers?
My hon.
Friend raises a really important point.
Solar panels on new homes will be a vital component in meeting our clean energy superpower ambitions.
He will be aware that the previous Government actually pulled back from including solar panels in the new building regulations.
Had they done so, we would already have a much higher level of solar energy coming into the grid.
We are already putting that right.
Post offices provide vital services in our rural communities, such as banking.
In my Thornbury and Yate constituency, however, there are concerns about the future of the post office in Tytherington community shop, following the announcement that its partner post office in Cromhall will close at the end of February.
Will the Leader of the House agree to give us a debate in Government time on how we can support community post offices in the future?