We have also supported grassroots venues.
However, I often wonder whether, when Labour Members raise these points in the Chamber, they do not have an ulterior motive.
I am keen to see whether they will put in their own local manifestos their desire to rejoin the European Union.
In my constituency, I have many local grassroots football teams, including Newton Aycliffe, which has just achieved the highest league position in their history, and Ferryhill Town youth, which is looking to provide disability access.
Both of them have been well supported by Newton Youth and the local respectively, but does the Minister agree how critical it is that money flows down the football pyramid, and will she congratulate Newton Aycliffe on their achievements and commend the local paper for its backing?
I commend Newton Aycliffe and Ferryhill Town youth football clubs for their recent successes, both off and on the pitch.
It is great to hear that my hon.
Friend has been engaging with organisations such as the Football Foundation, because it really helps us as MPs to support our constituents.
I absolutely echo his words.
The legacy of 14 years of Conservative Government is a 73% real terms cut in local authority expenditure on youth services since 2010.
Will the Secretary of State admit just how profoundly the Tories have failed our young people, and acknowledge that only a Labour Government can restore hope and opportunity for young people across this country?
In addition to the £500 million in the national youth guarantee, which is supporting young people across the country, we are approaching youth in  a cross-departmental way, whether through the £200 million from the Home Office to support young people not to go into a life of crime, the similar amount of funding from the Ministry of Justice to ensure that that funding comes through, or the £64 billion that we give to local councils.
We are supporting young people at every stage of their life.
Will the Minister for sport join me in congratulating Kettering resident Kyren Wilson on becoming the new world snooker champion, and in hoping that Kyren’s success will encourage people in Kettering and across the country to take up snooker?
My hon.
Friend is right to pay tribute to the success of Kyren Wilson.
The people of Kettering must be incredibly proud of him, and I hope that he will inspire more people to take up snooker.
It is an important sport in this country, and my hon.
Friend has been an advocate of supporting it in the many conversations that we have had outside the Chamber.
What steps will the Government take to ensure robust regulation of the special impartiality rules that apply during the election period?
This is in reference to my substantive question about the enforcement of the broadcasting code, to ensure that multi-party democracy is respected, devolution is not treated as a sideshow, and the people of Scotland get an accurate picture of public policy that applies to them, so that they are not disinformed and disenfranchised.
The hon.
Member will know that all broadcasters are regulated by Ofcom.
I am sure that they will all be aware of the importance of impartiality.
Cotgrave football club does a fantastic job of providing access to football for the local community, but it is limited by its current facilities and needs funding from Sport England for a 4G all-weather pitch.
To secure that funding, it must qualify as a level 3 club, with facilities for disabled football and a plan to grow women’s football.
It would love to do that, but it cannot do it without a 4G pitch.
Can the Secretary of State help us to resolve this chicken- and-egg situation, so that Cotgrave football club can secure the funding that it needs and provide access to football for even more people?
My hon.
Friend has raised that with me in the past, and I have spoken to my officials.