Whoever is in government next, we will continue to work across parties to ensure that the rights of all women and girls are upheld in sport.
I could not agree more.
We do quite a lot of important cross-party work in this House.
One of the things I have been most proud to be involved with in this role is supporting the women’s football team and women in sport.
It was phenomenal to go to Australia to see the women’s team almost win the World cup, and it has been phenomenal to see the work that the Lionesses and former Lionesses have done to spotlight that.
We are at a very exciting point for women’s football, and the Government are continuing to support it in so many different ways.
The Secretary of State talks a good talk, but on her watch the gender activity gap is wider than ever: 22% fewer girls than boys take part in team sport.
Does she agree that it is only under Labour, the party of equality, that women and girls in Bristol and beyond will finally have equal access to sport?
I absolutely disagree with that statement, of course, because for a number of years now the Conservative Government have been supporting women and girls to get into sport, with a significant campaign  to get more women and girls into sport, and the cross-departmental work with the Department for Education to ensure that young girls have equal access to sport in school.
In fact, year on year, we have seen those numbers on participation in sport improve, and we also set up the national physical activity taskforce with the specific aim of getting 1 million more women involved in activity.
What steps her Department is taking to protect and repurpose heritage buildings.
I thank the hon.
Member for her question.
One of my colleagues has just said to me that she is stepping down, so I would like to pay tribute to her for the representation she has given to the good people of Halifax.
The Department for Culture, Media and Sport is responsible for listing buildings of special architectural or historic interest, giving them enhanced protection.
The Department and its arm’s length bodies also provide significant financial support for heritage buildings, including through Historic England’s £95 million high streets heritage action zones programme.
I am grateful to the Minister for that answer and thank her for her kind words.
I pay tribute to Halifax Civic Trust, which does so much great work in my constituency and has some amazing heritage buildings, not least the magnificent Piece Hall.
However, we have others that developers have bought and sat on, refusing to invest in them, engage or release them to other interested parties.
What else might we be able to do to force them to engage and release those buildings if they are not going to invest?
I spoke to my noble Friend the heritage Minister in preparation for this question and in doing so got to know a bit more about Piece Hall, a fantastic heritage site in the hon.
Member’s constituency.
I commend the work of all local activists to protect that building and bring it into public use.
It is a wonderful example of an 18th century northern cloth hall, which now has a modern purpose.
We are very grateful for the work that has gone into it.
She may be aware that we also have the cultural development fund, which has allowed communities across the country to retain important public buildings with heritage value, repurpose them and breathe life into the communities that most need them.
On the subject of heritage buildings, may I add my own thanks to yours, Mr Speaker, to the Clerk of Legislation, Liam Laurence Smyth, who really is an institution in this place?