I thank the hon.
Member for his answer.
Of course, while Parliament is not sitting we know that the horrendous situation in Gaza will continue, and it is really important that we put the focus on those institutions that can make interventions over the next few weeks.
I therefore ask him: how is the Church of England using its soft power and leverage to bring peace and justice to the region, particularly to the people of Gaza?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her very pertinent and important question.
She will know that the Archbishop of Canterbury himself went out to the Holy Land just after  7 October .
I can tell her that the Bishop of Chelmsford was there very recently and the Bishop of Suffolk is also a frequent visitor.
The worldwide Anglican communion, as well as the Church of England, will absolutely continue to play its part in bringing peace and justice to this terrible conflict, which has gone on for far too long.
My hon.
Friend will know that the diocese of Gloucester has been very supportive of those in need—whether asylum seekers, refugees or, indeed, the homeless and rough sleepers in our city of Gloucester.
Will he therefore join me in congratulating it on the fact that the planning approval for its first modular housing in Gloucester—with six modular homes—should go through Gloucester City Council imminently, and that more will be coming soon to help people in need?
I think the question may also be about the help that Gloucester’s diocese has given to the people of Gaza.
I am very grateful to my hon.
Friend, and he is right that—both in Gaza and Gloucester—there is absolutely the need for significant reconstruction.
I know that he has been a long-term advocate of that in Gloucester, and I commend the work he has done with the Bishop of Gloucester.
Of course, there will also be a massive need for reconstruction in Gaza, which we all want to see.
Thank you.
The hon.
Member for Luton South, representing the Speaker’s Committee on the Electoral Commission, was asked—
Whether the committee has had recent discussions with the Electoral Commission on the potential impact of disinformation on the integrity of elections.
The committee has had recent discussions with the Electoral Commission on the matters raised.
The commission recognises the risk posed to the integrity of elections by disinformation and misinformation, and it is contributing to efforts across the public sector, including other regulators and the Government, to guard against negative impacts.
The legal regime the commission regulates is focused on ensuring that political finance is transparent, and that campaigning material includes an imprint showing voters who has produced the material.
It does not have a role in regulating the content of election campaign material, but it encourages all campaigners to undertake their role responsibly and transparently.
That is good to hear, but we have heard there will be a lot of attempted disinformation around the US presidential elections in the coming months, so what assessment has the Electoral Commission actually   made of the risks of holding a UK general election at a time when there will be a greatly increased risk of hostile disinformation campaigns, with what appear to be grass- roots Facebook groups on low emission zones recently being exposed as having been set up by Conservatives’ staff members?
The commission’s role is to ensure the financing of campaigns is transparent; it does not have a role in regulating the content of election campaign material, such as by preventing the use of deepfakes.
The commission has highlighted that if additional regulatory responsibility for campaign material were given to a UK regulator, these powers would need careful consideration.
Regulating the content of campaign material would require a new legal framework; the commission does not have experience or expertise of such a framework and believes such work would be better managed by other organisations.