I hope that helps the hon.
Lady.
We want everyone in the DWP to be able to support customers in an appropriate manner, according to the individual’s needs.
Our mental health training and reasonable adjustments guidance helps to empower our colleagues by giving them the skills to support every customer.
It has been the greatest privilege of my life to have been in the most amazing, life-changing Department for almost all of the last five years.
We are fully committed to listening to our customers and their representatives about their needs, and to learning from them.
Of course people will be concerned about the EHRC’s response, and the Department is genuinely disappointed, because we are constantly learning; work is ongoing to strengthen guidance and training through continuous improvement activity.
Our colleagues are local people who live in their community.
They know their community and what people need.
Whether people are coming through the door are from a local special school, have been made redundant, or have a health condition, DWP staff know those people and want to reassure them.
We will continue to give them the necessary tools, and have confidence that our Department will respond in the right way to our most vulnerable customers.
As I depart this House as a Conservative MP, I thank you, Sir Roger, for your service and mentoring over my years here.
Will the Minister make sure that in the response to the investigation, those working in jobcentres and DWP offices across the country are given the support that they need to do their job?
In West Suffolk, they do that job excellently, brilliantly led by Julia Nix, who frankly deserves an honour.
It has been a pleasure to work with those people.
When the Minister considers the investigation, will she look not only at physical disabilities, including engagement with those who support wheelchair use, but hidden disabilities such as neurodivergent conditions, to the extent that they are disabilities, and ensure that they are at the heart of the response?
I welcome back my right hon.
Friend, from whom I learned so much as a Parliamentary Private Secretary.
It is pleasing to know that his work on neurodiversity and understanding others continues to be at the heart of what he brings to this House, even in his last few moments here.
I was recently at Neurobox in Cambridge, where dyslexia needs were discussed, as well as the wider need in the labour market to learn about understanding, and helping people through, the Access to Work scheme.
My right hon.
Friend’s interest was mentioned there.
Whether we are talking about the  Buckland review, the lilac review on entrepreneurship, which I mentioned, or partnerships in communities, such as with Julia Nix, who is stellar leader, those messages are important for those who only hear about the experience of the DWP through the mouths of those in this House.
I urge people to go and see their local jobcentre.
This week there is a “recruit Britain” campaign, backed by employers, to enable people to understand our jobcentres’ power to bring about change.
Last week, I highlighted to the Minister a report from the UN Committee on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities that concluded that the UK had failed to take all appropriate measures to address grave and systematic violations of the rights of people with disabilities.
She said that the UK Government were
“committed to ensuring that the UK is one of the best places to live and work as a disabled person.
”—[Official Report,  15 May 2024 ; Vol.
750, c. 244.]
Does she really stand by that assertion, given the serious concerns raised by the Equality and Human Rights Commission?
Does she understand why its chair said that they are extremely worried?
The EHRC also said that it believes that the DWP may have broken equality law.
What does she have to say to the disabled people watching?