We also provided business tax relief for local journalism offices, we support the BBC’s local democracy reporting scheme, we have protected public notices income, we are looking at how we use Government advertising spend, and we are speaking to the teams about what else we can do.
This seems to be an appropriate moment to acknowledge that in Orkney and Shetland we are blessed with some very good-quality local media: The Orcadian, The Shetland Times, Shetland News, SIBC, BBC Radio Orkney and BBC Radio Shetland—if I have forgotten anyone, I will doubtless suffer for it in the weeks to come.
For communities such as ours, a strong local media presence is an important bulwark against the relentless centralisation of control, power and government in Edinburgh, which is why we need to protect our media.
Does the Minister agree that what we really need is a coherent strategy for all aspects of local media, including advertising, to ensure that local media outlets remain strong?
I certainly agree, and we have been putting forward that strategy, but it is a very dynamic market.
We are now seeing challenges to local reporting from artificial intelligence, and we are considering how we can protect some of these publications, because we agree that they are such an important part of our local democracy.
If any other Members want to bob on this question and name-check their local media, I shall be happy to pay fulsome tribute to their journalists.
The Minister must have guessed that a mention of the Torbay Weekly, which was launched four years ago under its editor Jim Parker, would be coming in this supplementary question.
On a more serious note, one of the worrying trends we have seen is the way that national corporations will buy a historic local title, turn it into a weekly and run into the ground.
Even when such corporations close down a newspaper, they refuse to release the title so that it can perhaps be used by a local group that is trying to put together a multimedia platform to continue local accountability.
What steps could the Government take to resolve that?
There is surely no greater publication in my hon.
Friend’s constituency than the Torbay Weekly.
I should also say that this House has made it clear just how strongly it feels about BBC local radio services in the course of this Parliament, and I hope to see them protected in the next Parliament.
He is absolutely right about the challenge of publications being bought up.
We want to support some of the microsites, and we are looking at how we can use Government advertising spend to try to help support them.
In the spirit of one-upmanship, I would just like to announce that Mr Speaker does not read the Financial Times or listen to Radio 4.
No, he reads the Bolton News and listens to Bolton FM.
We were very disappointed at the weekend, because we lost to Oxford United.
I spoke to Keith Harris from Bolton FM this morning, and he wants assurances that the Government will do all they can to ensure that local radio is an essential tool for democracy, that it gets the legal support it needs, and that Government, both locally and nationally, can do more to support local platforms.
On a point of clarification, I read the Chorley Guardian and the Lancashire Evening Post.
I would definitely still be listening, as Peter Kay would say, to Chorley FM—coming all over!
The Bolton News, Bolton FM and the Chorley Guardian—we could not live without them.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about the importance of local radio.
As Media Minister, I fought hard to make sure that we included provisions for local radio in the Media Bill, and I very much hope that it will be passed in the wash-up.
What steps her Department is taking to support the horseracing industry.