Can the Secretary of State help us to resolve this chicken- and-egg situation, so that Cotgrave football club can secure the funding that it needs and provide access to football for even more people?
My hon.
Friend has raised that with me in the past, and I have spoken to my officials.
I encourage her to continue to liaise with the Football Foundation to understand what might be possible, so I suggest she passes that on.
She is a really successful and staunch campaigner for her local area.
I have worked with her on a number of campaigns, and I have every faith in her success in this particular campaign.
I, too, thank Liam Laurence Smyth, who was the first Clerk who worked for me when I was Chair of the Education Committee.
He became a great friend and mentor, and this House will miss him dreadfully.
Is there any special money for communities that have a rich tradition of music and the arts?
Huddersfield, my constituency, has the Huddersfield Choral, brass bands,  so many centres of excellence, and an international festival of music.
Could we have special money for towns such as mine, which would give a boost to the whole country for the arts?
We have special money for areas across the country, because every year the Arts Council has £444 million to spend.
It spends a significant amount of that money in music.
The hon.
Gentleman did not mention the rugby league result on Sunday.
The hon.
Member for South Norfolk, the Chairman of the Public Accounts Commission was asked—
If he will make an assessment of the adequacy of National Audit Office resources to scrutinise the cost of AI in Government.
The National Audit Office does have adequate resources to scrutinise the cost of artificial intelligence and, indeed, produced a report in March that found that AI presents Government with significant opportunities to transform public services and that the Government have identified that artificial intelligence could deliver substantial productivity gains, potentially worth billions.
My hon.
Friend has identified the report in which I am interested.
That report, as he rightly says, noted the importance of artificial intelligence in delivering transformational public services, but also noted a number of challenges.
In the dying embers of this Parliament, would he be willing to leave a message for the next Chair of the Public Accounts Committee, urging that an inquiry be carried out into that report, as I believe its findings are of considerable importance?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right that it is an important subject, and the Public Accounts Committee was due to take oral evidence on it on  17 June .
I will certainly draw his concerns to the attention of the new Chair of the Public Accounts Committee when I know who he or she is.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his response.
This is a massive subject and will have to be scrutinised greatly in the next term of government.
What assessment has been made of the potential negatives of AI within the defence industry and Government, and what steps will be taken to combat them?
I think the short answer is that there is inadequate awareness inside Government—although there is some awareness—that there are potentially very large negatives with artificial intelligence.
Indeed, one of the inventors of artificial intelligence has written a book on precisely that subject.
I suspect that it is something the Government will continue to assess.
If he will make an assessment of the adequacy of National Audit Office resources to undertake analysis on the efficiency and effectiveness of NHS procurement.
In its January report, the National Audit Office established that the NHS supply chain has great potential to secure further savings by aggregating the NHS’s spending power, but that so far it has not fulfilled that potential.