At Aqua Vale, the installation of solar panels will improve energy efficiency and contribute to significant savings, ensuring that leisure centre for the people of Aylesbury to stay fit and healthy.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
I reiterate my thanks to the Minister for Media, Tourism and Creative Industries, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hornchurch and Upminster (Julia Lopez) , the Under-Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Pudsey (Stuart Andrew)  and Lord Parkinson for the significant support they have given me throughout my time as Secretary of State.
DCMS is a team and without their phenomenal work we would not have been able to achieve what we have over the past 18 months or so, so I just wanted to say thank you to them.
Over the past 14 years, the Conservative party in government has helped transform the creative industries.
There have been 1 million new jobs since 2010 and the economic value of the creative industries has doubled, to over £124 billion in 2022, powered by investment and tax breaks that Opposition Members voted against every single time.
Unlike the Labour party, we have set out a plan to go further, to grow the creative industries by an additional £50 billion and add another million extra jobs by 2030.
That is the choice voters will face in July: a clear Conservative plan for growth or back to square one with Labour.
I thank the Secretary of State for all her work with my team in Redditch.
Can she confirm that, despite the tight timelines, we can ensure that the £5 million in funding, which is hugely valued, is able to be made use of by as many local groups as possible before we break for the general election?
My hon.
Friend is a huge campaigner.
She was awarded £5 million at the spring Budget to support the development of cultural projects in her area.
She will know that it is a matter for each council to identify the most suitable project to be funded in their area.
I am sure she will work very closely with them to ensure that funding will be distributed appropriately.
I call the shadow Minister.
I hope that it is in order for me to thank all the ministerial team for when they have been absolutely courteous to us and when we have been able to work together on matters.
I particularly pay tribute to the Under-Secretary of State,  the right hon.
Member for Pudsey (Stuart Andrew) , who is not only a gent, but a champ.
However, we have two music venues closing every week; British artists prevented from touring in Europe; the UK art market falling from second to third in the world; A-level music students down by 45%; museums  and galleries struggling with the cost of living; ballerinas told to retrain; theatre and opera touring slashed; and an apprenticeship levy that does not work for the creative industries.
Was that all part of the plan?
Or, in the words of RuPaul, is it not time for this appalling Government to sashay away?
There are tax reliefs for every subsector of the creative industries.
Whether it is film, studios, independent film or grassroots support, we have supported the creative industries at every level.
We have a plan from the first day of primary school to the last day of work.
That is what we are doing for our sectors.
The reputation of Torbay’s iconic tourism sector has been badly hit by recent events relating to local water supplies.
What discussions has the Minister had with colleagues in the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs about ensuring that support is provided and paid for by South West Water to compensate for that?
I know that the Under-Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, my hon.