Friend the Minister will be aware of the work that my Select Committee has done around the national disability strategy, but I specifically draw her attention to the words of  the right hon.
Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson)  earlier this week: nothing about me without me.
What reassurance can the Minister give me that disabled people will be fully included in the ongoing consultation on personal independence payments?
What reassurance can she give me that she continues to work with Disability Confident to ensure that disabled people are enabled to move into work and supported when they are in work?
What reassurance can she give me that the victims of contaminated blood, sodium valproate, Primodos, and mesh will not be subject to ongoing assessments year after year to make sure that they continue their entitlement to benefits?
What reassurance can she give me that she agrees that inclusion is not wokery, and that including disabled people is crucial to ensuring that their rights are upheld?
I was looking forward to giving evidence to my right hon.
Friend on many of these matters, alongside my hon.
Friend the Minister for Employment.
Indeed, there was work to come forward on Disability Confident, Access to Work, the disability employment goal and much more.
I point my right hon.
Friend to action we have taken, including just this week.
There is the Government-backed lilac review on disabled entrepreneurs, which is absolutely about listening to disabled people and having them at the heart of the conversation.
Fantastic engagement on British Sign Language, fully in BSL, has been at the heart of that.
There has also been the PIP consultation and the wider reform conversation.
We have also brought forward the Buckland review.
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right about inclusion.
It works because when it is embedded, it is right for the bottom line of the business, the organisation and the community.
It is not a “nice to do” and it is not woke; it is what we should be doing.
I call the Opposition Front-Bench spokesperson.
This is the first time in history that the Equality and Human Rights Commission has decided to investigate whether a Secretary of State has “committed unlawful acts” by discriminating against disabled people as a result of the way that the Government have run the benefit system.
According to a report by the all-party parliamentary group for health in all policies, it may have led to
“the deaths of vulnerable claimants, by suicide and other causes”.
Yesterday, appearing before the Work and Pensions Committee, the Secretary of State feigned surprise at the Equality and Human Rights Commission taking that unprecedented step, yet he previously claimed that he and his Department were close to securing a legally binding agreement to uphold disabled people’s rights.
I wonder what has changed.
Will the Minister recognise the seriousness of her predicament and apologise to disabled people for her Department’s obvious reluctance to engage meaningfully with the Equality and Human Rights Commission?
Why has her Department presided over a benefit system  that the commission believes could be unlawfully discriminating against disabled people?
Will she take the opportunity to apologise to all those disabled people who have had their life torn apart by her Department’s potentially illegal administration of the benefit system?
Let me first reflect on the Secretary of State’s appearance at the Select Committee.
I reiterate that, as he said yesterday, the investigation of the Department is based on a suspicion that something has occurred; that is not in and of itself conclusive proof.
The DWP rightly takes its obligations under the Equality Act 2010, including the public sector equality duty, incredibly seriously, and will continue to co-operate with the commission on its investigation.
I hope that helps the hon.
Lady.
We want everyone in the DWP to be able to support customers in an appropriate manner, according to the individual’s needs.