We are very grateful for the work that has gone into it.
She may be aware that we also have the cultural development fund, which has allowed communities across the country to retain important public buildings with heritage value, repurpose them and breathe life into the communities that most need them.
On the subject of heritage buildings, may I add my own thanks to yours, Mr Speaker, to the Clerk of Legislation, Liam Laurence Smyth, who really is an institution in this place?
He was for many years a close colleague of my late father-in-law, Stephen Panton, who served this House as a Clerk for 33 years.
Mr Laurence Smyth has done a great deal for many of us in this House and has been personally enormously helpful to me.
While I am still in order, Mr Speaker, and on the subject of heritage buildings, does the Minister agree that for many people in South Norfolk the Diss Express feels like a heritage building and should be protected and celebrated accordingly?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight the Diss Express, which I presume is a heritage railway—
It is a local newspaper.
It is a local newspaper—I do apologise.
Resign!
Perhaps it is not too risky to say that I would consider doing so, but I appreciate my hon.
Friend highlighting that wonderful organisation in his constituency.
What assessment she has made of the impact of the swimming pool support fund on local pools and leisure facilities.
What assessment she has made of the impact of the swimming pool support fund on local pools and leisure facilities.
Responding to concerns that we heard from the sector, in 2023-24, the Government have awarded more than £60 million to address cost pressures facing public swimming pools and improve energy efficiency in the long term.
I put on record my thanks to the Minister’s Department for the considerable sum of funding—£382,000 —that has been made available to Redditch to level up swimming pool and leisure facilities in my constituency.
That comes on the back of £16.5 million of town deal funding, as well as £5 million of culture funding.
Does she agree that significant representations have resulted in a meaningful commitment to level up Redditch within this Parliament?
Does she agree that mental health and wellbeing are a key part of that?
My sex has obviously changed, but I certainly agree with my hon.
Friend.
I pay tribute to her for the enormous campaigning she has done on behalf of her constituents in Redditch in securing that significant investment.
I agree that getting people active is vital to improving their physical and mental health.
That is exactly why we are investing this historic amount of money in grassroots facilities and have published the new “Get Active” strategy, which sets out our ambition to get 3.5 million more people active by 2030.
Aqua Vale swimming and fitness centre in Aylesbury has a prime location in the heart of town, but I am sorry to say it is starting to show its age.
The announcement of £240,000 from this Conservative Government to improve the facilities there is superb news.
Will my right hon.
Friend highlight to Aylesbury residents the benefit that this investment will now bring to my constituents?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on campaigning hard on behalf of his constituency and securing that £240,000 for a leisure centre that was feeling  its age—I think I know how it feels.
We know how important pools are for our communities, which is why we are providing this funding.
At Aqua Vale, the installation of solar panels will improve energy efficiency and contribute to significant savings, ensuring that leisure centre for the people of Aylesbury to stay fit and healthy.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
I reiterate my thanks to the Minister for Media, Tourism and Creative Industries, my hon.