What steps the Church of England is taking to provide funding to parish churches.
Parish ministry is at the heart of all that the Church of England does.
Between 2023 and 2025, the Church Commissioners are distributing £1.2 billion to support our mission and ministry.
That is a 30% increase on the previous three-year period, and the lion’s share of that funding goes to dioceses to strengthen and grow local ministry in parishes and worshipping communities.
In addition, the commissioners wish to maintain that level of funding over the next six years, which would mean £3.6 billion being distributed between 2023 and 2031.
I am grateful for that very encouraging information, and I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for the work he has done during this Parliament on behalf of the Church Commissioners.
He has been unfailingly assiduous and courteous—almost holy—in the conduct of his work on behalf of the Church.
Does my hon.
Friend share my concern about the forced amalgamation of parishes that many dioceses across the country are undertaking?
Vibrant and viable local churches in dioceses such as Liverpool are being  offered the invidious choice of either surrendering their autonomy to become part of new mega-parishes or giving up access to resources from the centre—resources that they themselves contribute to the centre.
As my hon.
Friend has said and implied, surely the whole value of the Church of England is in the local parish system, not in its regional bureaucracies.
Can he tell the House how the Church of England will continue to ensure the integrity of our parish system?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend.
He is right to highlight to the House that there are pressures in some areas, and he is also right to point out that the parish network across the whole of England—across every one of our constituencies in England—is extremely precious.
We must do everything we can to preserve it, and I make that point at every opportunity.
I know that many Members of Parliament, including my hon.
Friend, also make that point regularly, and that message has been heard at the top of the Church, which is why we are putting the vast majority of our funding back down into parishes.
Of course, we are also encouraging parishes to do what they can to raise money at the local level, but my hon.
Friend’s point is absolutely right.
I call George Galloway—not here.
The hon.
Member for Broxbourne, representing the House of Commons Commission, was asked—
What recent progress the Commission has made on using digital tools to support the work of hon.
Members.
First, may I just say to Sir Charles that I am sorry you are stepping down?
I thank you for all you have done.
You have been a wonderful servant of this House, and I thank you for everything, including your service on the Commission.
Thank you for that, Mr Speaker.
It has been a great privilege to serve with you on the Commission, and it has been such an honour to be in this amazing institution and to serve my country in the way I have, with the wonderful people here.
Gosh, I wasn’t going to get sentimental.
Since my last answer on this issue in February 2024, the Parliamentary Digital Service has been assessing Microsoft’s generative AI toolset, Copilot, which includes artificial intelligence for mailboxes.
That tool will aid Members and staff in their management of day-to-day administrative activities across Microsoft 365 applications.
PDS is conducting further necessary technical work, and it is expected that a trial of the new capability will start with Members before the end of the year.
I am not sure if it is Nokia compatible, but if it is, I hope it can be put on my Nokia.
Mr Speaker, I echo your tribute to  the hon.