The reputation of Torbay’s iconic tourism sector has been badly hit by recent events relating to local water supplies.
What discussions has the Minister had with colleagues in the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs about ensuring that support is provided and paid for by South West Water to compensate for that?
I know that the Under-Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Keighley (Robbie Moore) , whom I met earlier this week, is very engaged in this issue, and our stakeholders in the south-west and Visit England are looking into any necessary information that they can give to tourists.
They will continue to keep that under review, but I empathise deeply with local businesses, particularly tourism businesses, and residents.
It is important to say that the majority of those businesses in Brixham were not affected by this outbreak.
It is a wonderful place to visit.
It has a fantastic local MP, and I am sure that he will provide everybody who visits the region with a very warm welcome.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
Can I thank our shadow Culture Secretary?
I am proud of the work that he has done and that I have been able to do alongside him on behalf of the SNP and the people of Scotland.
Mr Speaker, can I also echo your comments about Liam Laurence Smyth?
The number of times I have gone to Liam and said, “I want to get up to some mischief, can you help me?”
I have really appreciated all the advice that he has given me.
I would like to ask the Secretary of State whether the Media Bill will be part of wash-up, because a number of organisations, including STV, have contacted me this morning asking for it to be.
That is certainly what I am pressing for and I am very grateful to the hon.
Member for her support to ensure that that happens.
With the Olympics happening in Paris in the forthcoming months, what work is the Minister doing to ensure that the residents of Uxbridge and South Ruislip, and those across the whole country, get to support GB as passionately as if the games were being held on our shores?
We are all looking forward to the Olympics and good luck to Team GB.
UK Sport invested £382 million of Exchequer and lottery funding for the Paris Olympics.
We also want to ensure, with the change maker programme initiative, that, when our athletes come back from the Paris games, they give back to communities such as those of my hon.
Friend.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Guardian reports that, as a result of the Conservative Government’s Brexit deal, the costs of touring in the EU are now so high that 74% fewer UK bands are now touring there.
The UK touring scene is all the more valuable for musicians and bands now, but opportunities to perform here are being lost, as music venues and festivals are forced to close due to rocketing operational costs.
Does the Secretary of State see just how the Government have failed the music industry?
Is it not time for a Labour Government, who will support our excellent musicians, our venues and our festivals?
I appreciate the hon.
Member raising the concerns of the music industry because we, too, very much want to support it.
When I first joined the Department, the industry was very vocal about some of the challenges of touring, and we methodically worked through those challenges to make sure that some of them were eased.
We have also supported grassroots venues.
However, I often wonder whether, when Labour Members raise these points in the Chamber, they do not have an ulterior motive.
I am keen to see whether they will put in their own local manifestos their desire to rejoin the European Union.