I suspect that it is something the Government will continue to assess.
If he will make an assessment of the adequacy of National Audit Office resources to undertake analysis on the efficiency and effectiveness of NHS procurement.
In its January report, the National Audit Office established that the NHS supply chain has great potential to secure further savings by aggregating the NHS’s spending power, but that so far it has not fulfilled that potential.
In its January report on the NHS supply chain, the National Audit Office made seven recommendations to improve the efficiency of the NHS’s £8 billion annual procurement programme, including the need to improve prices and make ordering as straightforward as possible.
The National Audit Office reports twice a year on whether Departments have implemented its recommendations, so will it use that mechanism to monitor the progress of the NHS supply chain?
I am sure the Comptroller and Auditor General and his staff at the National Audit Office will want to listen very carefully to what my hon.
Friend has said, although I must tell him that the inability of the NHS to use its huge spending power more successfully on behalf of taxpayers and patients has been a hardy perennial throughout my entire 23 years in Parliament.
While I wish him well in his endeavours, I would advise him not to hold his breath.
It is a little-known fact that from 1979 to 1981, I was a member of the Public Accounts Committee.
I really enjoyed that experience.
This is one of my last questions in this House after nearly 45 years here.
Can we do more to show incoming Members of Parliament how powerful a body the Public Accounts Committee is and what an amazing resource it is for Members of Parliament in getting inquiries, looking at funding and looking at the wise spending of Government?
Could we have a programme—again, perhaps there could be a note on the desk—to teach new Members how important this national treasure is?
Having spent 16 years on the Public Accounts Committee, I completely agree with what the hon.
Gentleman says.
It is, in my view, one of the best places to spend one’s time as a parliamentarian, checking that our constituents’ money as taxpayers is safeguarded and well looked after by whichever Government of the day happens temporarily to be in office.
I commend what he has said to everyone.
The hon.
Member for South West Bedfordshire, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked—
Whether the Church of England is taking steps to provide affordable and sustainable housing on its land.
I can tell my hon.
Friend that the Church Commissioners are bringing forward substantial new amounts of housing across England, including affordable homes, in accordance with local planning policy in the areas concerned.
Where the commissioners are able to, we also seek to go further— for example, through the use of rural exception sites to provide a higher proportion of affordable housing than the local plan requires.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his response, but given that affordable housing is such a concern across North Devon, can the Church do any more to assist?
I know what a great champion my hon.
Friend is on this issue.
Unfortunately, the Church Commissioners themselves do not have any land in North Devon that is being considered for housing at the moment, but I will put her in touch with the diocese of Exeter to see whether it has opportunities in its own land portfolio.
As I said, I know what a big issue this is in North Devon, and how important it is for my hon.
Friend, who has been working on it passionately, so we will do what we can to help.
What recent assessment the Church of England has made of the adequacy of the support offered by dioceses to a parish in an interregnum.