In addition to his work as a City Councilor, Pops has been recognized for his community involvement and service with numerous social and civic organizations to include: American Legion; Disabled American Veterans Board; American Military Society Board; Red Cross Minority Recruitment Board; Concerned Citizens of South Columbus Board; and the Columbus Hospice Board. Because of his dedicated commitment to these and other organizations he was the recipient of several awards to include the Family Caregiver Award (2016); the Living Legends Award (2018); the United States Postal Service Purple Heart Award (2019); the Distinguished Older Georgian Award (2020); New Horizons Behavioral Health Impact Award (2021); the Columbus State University (CSU) Legacy Award (2023); the Columbus State University Alumni Award (2023); and the River Valley Regional Commission Council Chairman Appreciation Award (2023). It has been said that ``The true person of success is not the person that climbs the ladder of this life with both hands but who climbs with one hand and reaches back with the other.'' Pops always reached back to help others throughout his life and never shied away from an opportunity to improve the quality of life for those in his community. On a personal note, Pops Barnes was always available and forthcoming regarding issues being considered by Congress. He always gave me sound, wise and honest advice. For that I will be forever grateful. Pops Barnes accomplished much in his life but none of it would have been possible without the grace of God, the love and support of his wife, Jannie Mae Barnes; his devoted children, Cheryl, Clairmont, Simi, Mary, Robbi, Carla, Phydellis, and Bruce; thirteen grandchildren, and nineteen great-grandchildren. But through their love, inspiration and support, Pops leaves a legacy that has made Columbus, our nation and the world better because he passed this way. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the House of Representatives to join my wife, Vivian, and me, along with the 765,000 people of Georgia's Second Congressional District in celebrating the extraordinary life of The Honorable Clairmont Jerome ``Pops'' Barnes and in extending our deepest condolences to his family, friends, and all who mourn his loss. May we all be consoled and comforted by an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks, and months ahead.