He is right that magistrates courts particularly are the bedrock of the system, which is why I was so appalled that the previous Government cut back our magistrates courts so extensively.
It is important that we support our magistrates to do their very important work.
Crown courtrooms are sitting empty for up to 75% of the time.
Judges used to be booking in trials three to six months into the future, but now they are booking well into 2027 or even into 2028, which is to save the cost of bringing in a recorder at £830 a day.
However, these cases still need to be tried at some point, so that is not actually saving costs, just deferring them.
In the meantime, there is a terrible impact on complainants, and in fact on justice itself.
What will the Secretary of State do to clear this backlog and ensure that cases come to trial?
Order.
We have a lot of questions to get in.
The hon.
Lady is completely right.
Victims must see justice being done in real time.
That is why we asked Brian Leveson to do the second part of his review, on efficiencies, which goes to the heart of her question.
Some cases are now being listed for 2029, which is completely unacceptable.
How is the Secretary of State undoing the harm inflicted by the Conservative party not only on the justice system but to trust that justice will be found?
The inheritance from the previous Government was shocking, and at the heart of it were victims suffering.
What we are doing is increasing the number of sitting days, which is hugely important, and I was very pleased to meet the Lady Chief Justice last week to discuss what more we can do.
To ensure that we deal with that terrible inheritance, we will of course get on and implement the Leveson review.
I wish the right hon.
Gentleman the very best in his new appointment, but he is presiding over a complicated system, in which, today, 74 out of 516 Crown courtrooms are empty.
Will he comment on that, and on when the second part of the Leveson report will come into effect so that we know when action will be taken on the greater complexity that is yet to be evaluated?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right that we have to build the system’s capacity to use courtrooms better.
I can tell him that Sir Brian Leveson—I was very grateful to Sir Brian for coming to see me, as Foreign Secretary, while he was completing his review because of my experience in the criminal justice system—is completing his review by the end of the year.
One of the most effective steps taken by this Government to help reduce the Crown court backlog is the record increases to criminal legal aid.
Fewer criminal barristers and solicitors will not help to tackle case waiting times.
Scotland is experiencing unacceptable delays in solemn cases coming to trial, made worse by the inadequate funding of Scottish legal aid by the Scottish Government.
Does the Justice Secretary agree that unless we significantly increase legal aid fees across the UK, the current criminal defence model is unsustainable and we risk the collapse of our court system?
My hon.
Friend highlights almost two decades of the SNP running Scotland into the ground.
Here, we have had a record increase of £92 million.
On the day we introduce the Hillsborough law, it is hugely important to record that that is the biggest extension of legal aid for people who have suffered at the hands of the state in over a decade.
Rape is a heinous and despicable crime, with lifelong consequences for victims.
Some do not survive.
According to the House of Commons Library, the average number of days from charge to case completion is 363 days.
What time do the Government think is acceptable for delivering justice for rape victims?