What will the Justice Secretary do to help those victims, as well as the defendants who may, on occasion, be innocent?
The right hon.
Gentleman and I are friends across this House.
However, I have to say to him—and he should say this to his constituents—that under the previous Government, we saw devastating cuts to the police, with a reduction of 20,000 officers;  we saw no building of prisons at all, effectively—only 500 places; we saw the decimation of the Probation Service, which we are rebuilding; and we saw a reduction in sitting days.
We have had to get on with all that.
Yes, we have made some strides in 14 months, but the devastation was big, and it will take a bit longer.
What steps his Department is taking to support probation officers.
What steps he is taking to support the Probation Service.
We are determined to back our hard-working probation staff by investing up to £700 million by the final year of the spending review, and an initial £8 million in technology to reduce administrative burdens.
We will also recruit 1,300 trainee probation officers in the next year.
The probation officers I have spoken to are supportive of the early release scheme inasmuch as it was necessary to deal with the chronic overcrowding in our prisons—a legacy of the previous Government’s dereliction of duty.
Many offenders on the fixed recall scheme with a determinate sentence, however, are not being risk-assessed before rerelease, which concerns probation officers.
In that context, can the Secretary of State indicate what measures he is putting in place to ensure that probation officers are able to do their job with offenders being released early?
I was with probation officers last week, in my first visit as Secretary of State—it was important that probation was the first place I went to because the work and dedication of those officers and the staff is immense.
We are working with the Home Office to ensure that those risk assessments are done.
My constituency of Chelmsford is an important hub for the justice system in Essex; it is home to several courts, including a Crown court.
The independent sentencing review led by David Gauke found that the reoffending rate for those who were homeless or rough sleeping was double that of those who had accommodation to go to upon release.
Indeed, I have heard examples from charities of those on probation being recalled to prison simply because they have no fixed address.
At a time when prison places are so limited, what steps is the Justice Secretary taking to ensure that such frustrating examples of recall stop, and how does he intend to work with the inter-ministerial group for homelessness and rough sleeping to ensure that the Probation Service’s work is not undermined by a lack of accommodation upon release from prison?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for her question—no doubt she will be contributing to the debate a little later on our Sentencing Bill.
That issue was raised with me by probation workers last week.
It remains a big issue in our system, made worse by the previous Government.
I commit to working closely  with colleagues in the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government to ensure that that housing is available.
I call the Chair of the Justice Committee.
I welcome my right hon.
Friend back to his rightful place.
I remember being a junior shadow Minister under him—I will try to be less deferential in my current role.
My right hon.
Friend rightly says that the Government are recruiting new probation officers to fulfil the new responsibilities under the Sentencing Bill and to deal with early release.
The BBC recently reported, however, a shortage of 10,000 probation officers.
How are we going to fill that gap?
The Probation Service is absolutely essential to the strategy that he is rightly following now.
My hon.