Member raises a very important point.
We know that the success rate of appeals is high and the delays are severe in the SEND tribunal, which has a huge impact on children and families.
We are close to the maximum number of sitting days across all our jurisdictions, to bear down on those delays, but I will certainly take his point on board as we look to reform the SEND system.
The formidable team at Aylesbury Women’s Aid report continued severe delays in the charging and prosecution of domestic abuse cases.
We are in touch about one survivor who lives in constant fear of her abuser, who turns up at her house and taps on her windows at night, despite a warrant being out for his arrest.
What steps has the Minister taken to ensure that survivors are not left living in fear while they wait for justice?
My hon.
Friend raises a really important point.
The Sentencing Bill, which we will debate later today, has really important measures that will protect victims of domestic abuse and ensure that victims are at the heart of our criminal justice policy, as well as probation services.
One of my constituents has been told that their Crown court case will not be heard until 2028, six years after the alleged offence occurred.
The delay was due to court closures and a lack of capacity locally.
The Government should not need a report to tell them that they need to make more courts available at more times and they need to fund our courts properly.
We have had questions about this from around the Chamber already, so I will take a slightly different angle: what does the Minister have to say to my constituent, who has another three years to wait for their case to be resolved—three years of being unable to work and three years of uncertainty hanging over her head?
The sorts of delays that the hon.
Gentleman’s constituent is experiencing are unacceptable.
The consensus is that the delays are unacceptable and that we have to do something big and bold about them.
This is a complex system, which is why we have asked Sir Brian Leveson, with his expertise, to tell us how best we go about that, but we will have to get behind once-in-a-generation reform.
We are gripping the issue now—we are making record investment in criminal legal aid and sitting days—but we will need reform as well.
I thank the Deputy Prime Minister for his announcement on the Hillsborough law.
For decades, the families have carried the weight of injustice, and Governments have failed to act.
Today, the Hillsborough law will be laid before this House, but it must not be another false start.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister promise me that this Bill will be the Hillsborough law, and that it will emerge stronger and not weaker from Parliament and, finally, deliver justice for the 97?
I was pleased to sign the 2017 Bill and to put my name, along with that of the Prime Minister, to the 2019 amendment.
I pay tribute to the families.
I made a pledge to them yesterday: we will see no watering down of the Bill.
I call to mind Khadija Saye, who died in Grenfell Tower, and that is why it is such a privilege to steer through the House this important law on behalf of not only the 97, but many, many others.
It is estimated that £80 million is locked in disabled children’s funds, such as junior ISAs and child trust funds, with parents unable to access them on behalf of their children.
The constituent of my hon.
Friend the Member for Horsham (John Milne), Andrew Turner, has met no fewer than eight Justice Ministers and fought tirelessly for years to make the Court of Protection application process accessible to parents who are trying to access the funds for their disabled children.