Gentleman was a corporate lawyer, but he really needs to get into the detail.
We are reforming through the Sentencing Bill so that we can get people out of the country by deporting them on sentencing.
He needs to get into the weeds and look at the Bill—he can do better.
I have to raise a harrowing case from my constituency.
An 84-year-old mother and grandmother reported being sexually assaulted in her care home by one of the workers.
When this was reported, it was found that that care worker was already being investigated for a number of similar assaults.
The family have waited over a year already to get into court, and they have now been told they will have to wait until 2026.
Will the Minister meet me to review this case?
Importantly, the family also ask, can we look at how we learn from this, to improve the system for other families?
I am deeply troubled by this case, and of course, I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
It is hard to think of a more graphic illustration of what we mean when we say that justice delayed is justice denied, and it is exactly why this Government are gripping the backlog in our courts, with record sitting days, increased sentencing powers for magistrates and by proposing once-in-a-generation, bold reform of our criminal courts.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I would like to associate myself with the Deputy Prime Minister’s comments on the bravery of the Hillsborough families and pay tribute to them for the success that has been landed today.
Many of us across the House are deeply concerned that domestic abusers are weaponising the family court to perpetrate their abuse.
Efforts to reform it have not yet been forthcoming from this Government, and we need change.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister commit  to legislating in the next King’s Speech for reform of the family court, so that it supports survivors and does not sabotage them any longer?
We are determined to look at this lacuna for victims of domestic violence, and if necessary, we will come forward with further amendments or, indeed, legislation.
May I associate myself with the Secretary of State’s remarks about the remarkable achievements of the Hillsborough campaigners?
Last week I met Soroptimist International members in Stafford, who raised concerns about mothers in Drake Hall Prison in my constituency.
Every year, 17,000 children have their mothers go to prison, yet only 9% are taken care of by their fathers.
Where do those 15,000 children go, and what steps is the Minister taking to ensure that children of women in prison are properly identified and taken care of?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for her really important question.
I worked with the amazing charity Children Heard and Seen prior to getting this role.
I am determined to ensure that we do more to protect the children of prisoners.
The Prisons Minister in the other place is already working with the Women’s Justice Board to look at better ways we can treat women prisoners to ensure that they are rehabilitated.
My team and I support many families navigating the special educational needs and disabilities system, and one of the challenges is delays in getting access to tribunal justice.
As the Secretary of State gets to grips with his new role, will he make shortening those delays one of his priorities, and can he update the House accordingly?
The hon.
Member raises a very important point.
We know that the success rate of appeals is high and the delays are severe in the SEND tribunal, which has a huge impact on children and families.
We are close to the maximum number of sitting days across all our jurisdictions, to bear down on those delays, but I will certainly take his point on board as we look to reform the SEND system.