Fourthly, what do we do now?
How do we make this Government tell the House and the nation the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth—which in itself would be a novelty for Lord Mandelson?
Let us begin with whether Lord Mandelson was ever an appropriate selection.
As I said yesterday, our ambassador in Washington stands at the nexus of our most important bilateral relationship.
For those who have not served in government, it is the one bilateral relationship run by No.
10, not the Foreign Office.
That is because it is so important, and it is a role of exceptional sensitivity.
More classified information crosses the ambassador’s desk than gets to most Cabinet Ministers.
Indeed, in British embassies, the agencies report to the ambassador.
It is not the same in American embassies, where the CIA does what it wants.
Our agencies report to the ambassador, so it is a sensitive post.
Today, Peter Kyle—I have forgotten his new post—said that global circumstances dictate that the position of this particular ambassador is more important than it has ever been, and it could easily go terribly wrong.
The failure to appoint the right person has already had a serious and deleterious impact on the national interest.
The Prime Minister staked his special relationship with the US President on the diplomatic skills of an ambassador who had a special relationship with the world’s most notorious child sex offender.
I am sure that the right  hon.
Gentleman agrees that the Prime Minister’s judgment and the UK’s presence on the world stage have been diminished by this affair.
There is no doubt that the right hon.
Lady is correct.
Frankly, I am going to try not to make this ad hominem about the Ministers who made decisions; we need to make that decision later, as it were.
She is right that it has diminished the standing of our Prime Minister, and I regret that.
Although we are the Opposition, I want this Government to succeed in the national interest, and this is doing the opposite of that.
The ambassador’s conduct, both prior to appointment and during, must reflect the highest standards of integrity—that is fundamental, and it is true for any ambassador.
I commend the right hon.
Gentleman on securing this debate.
It unites the House with its purpose.
It is clear within the rules that MPs are accountable for their staff and their conduct and that there will be repercussions.
Does he agree that the Prime Minister is accountable for his appointment of the UK ambassador to the United States of America, and the same rules should apply?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right.
When we look at the mechanisms engaged, as I hope we will in the course of this debate, we will see why the Prime Minister made the wrong decision.
There is no doubt in my mind that he did.
The right hon.
Gentleman talks about decisions by the Prime Minister.
He talks about the duty on Members of this place and of the other place to conduct themselves appropriately.
Does it surprise him, as it surprises me, that we have a situation where my hon.
Friend  the Member for York Central (Rachael Maskell)  has been unfairly suspended from the Labour Whip, along with others, for opposing disability benefit cuts and the Mother of the House, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Hackney North and Stoke Newington (Ms Abbott) , remains suspended from the Labour party, yet Lord Mandelson retains the Labour Whip in the House of Lords?
Are all of those things not decisions by the Prime Minister?
People outside here, including Labour members, think it is completely unfair.
I understand all too well the point that the hon.
Gentleman is making.
Many have made it in the newspapers, although generally anonymously.