My hon.
Friend will be aware that I am listed in the House as an independent, not for matters relating to conduct or duty of candour, but for voting with my conscience to scrap the two-child limit—a policy also supported by the former Labour Prime Minister Gordon Brown and the Children’s Commissioner.
My suspension from the Labour Whip was applied over a year ago, within minutes of my vote.
Does she agree that while I and other Members, including the Mother of the House, appear to be held to one standard, Lord Mandelson appears to be held to another?
Before we come to the main business, I am sure the whole House will wish to join me in sending our thanks and best wishes to Colin Lee, who retires today as Clerk of Legislation after 37 years’ service to the House. [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”]
Colin has combined his formidable procedural brain with a modernising flair, such as the work he oversaw in the Select Committee Team to ensure that all colleagues are treated with respect and have access to fruitful career paths.
He is a highly valued colleague, and I am very grateful to him for the sage advice he has given to me personally over the years.
On behalf of the House, I would like to thank Colin for his long and distinguished service, and wish Colin and Brenda all the best for a long and happy retirement.
I would just share with the House that Colin’s favourite biscuits are Penguins, but he could never get the jokes right.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps his Department is taking to reduce the Crown court backlog.
What steps he is taking to tackle backlogs in the courts.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce the Crown court backlog.
What steps he is taking to reduce the court backlog.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce the Crown court backlog.
What steps he is taking to tackle backlogs in the courts.
What steps he is taking to reduce the length of waiting times in the Crown court.
What steps he is taking to reduce backlogs in the criminal justice system.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce the length of time for cases to go to trial.
Mr Speaker, it is nice to be back on my old beat.
This Government inherited a record courts backlog.
We have taken immediate action by funding a record high allocation of 110,000 Crown court sitting days this year.
Fundamental reform is of course necessary, which is why the previous Lord Chancellor, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham Ladywood (Shabana Mahmood) , commissioned Sir Brian Leveson to propose bold reforms, which we are now considering.
I recently had the chance to visit my local magistrates court in Cannock, and I was told that a major barrier to ramping up the number of sitting days in both magistrates and Crown courts is the lack of legal advisers.
I am told that many are leaving the Crown Prosecution Service because the pay is often better elsewhere, but that means having to cut back on sitting times.
Will my right hon.
Friend outline what steps the Ministry is taking to increase the number of legal advisers in our courts?
My hon.
Friend will be pleased that we are recruiting more legal advisers and we are increasing capacity in the system.
He is right that magistrates courts particularly are the bedrock of the system, which is why I was so appalled that the previous Government cut back our magistrates courts so extensively.
It is important that we support our magistrates to do their very important work.
Crown courtrooms are sitting empty for up to 75% of the time.