Yes, I can.
Barlinnie prison is operating at 30% above capacity, and His Majesty’s Inspectorate of Prisons is strongly urging Scottish Government action before the £1 billion replacement is  finally built in 2028.
What steps are Ministers taking to avoid the costly mistakes of the SNP Scottish Government in tackling the prison capacity crisis?
The SNP is running down Scotland and wasting taxpayers’ money on the new Barlinnie prison—more than double the original estimated cost.
We are doing much better on this side of the border, and we are working with colleagues to see what we can do about that situation.
Does the new Secretary of State for Justice recognise sharia law and sharia courts in the United Kingdom—yes or no?
Sharia law forms no part of the law of England and Wales, but where people choose to put themselves before those councils—in common with Christian, Jewish and other courts of faith—that is part of religious tolerance which is an important British value.
Will the Secretary of State join me in paying tribute to officers at Harlow police station?
During recess, I went on a ride-along and saw their professionalism and dedication at first hand.
I agree with my hon.
Friend 100%—and not just because a lot of those officers are Spurs supporters.
Prison officers at Whitemoor prison in my constituency have raised concerns that the recruitment process for staff is not working effectively and is unduly bureaucratic.
Will the Secretary of State write to me with his assessment and look at what changes could be made?
Yes, of course, and I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for raising that point.
I call the Chair of the Justice Committee.
I am sure the Lord Chancellor has read Baroness Harman’s independent review of bullying, harassment and sexual harassment at the Bar and on the bench, which was published last week.
Its troubling findings are primarily for the Bar itself and for the judiciary to address, but do the Government support the report’s recommendations and what can they do to ensure that they are implemented?
In typical fashion, Baroness Harman has conducted a thorough review into our professions and the judiciary.
The judiciary and the Bar are one of the prides of this country, but where there are unacceptable practices and behaviours, it is right that we shine a light on them and demand that we do much better.
As Ministers will know, some rogue builders take thousands of pounds from people, wreck their homes and leave them while they go on to do the same to other victims, yet victims are told that no crime has been committed.
Will the ministerial team look at the notion of fraud when a pattern of such behaviour can be evidenced?
We will be consulting on a new victims code in due course to make sure that all these crimes are captured, so that we can support all victims.
I would be happy to discuss this matter further with the right hon.
Gentleman.
For six years, Lancaster courthouse has been surrounded by temporary fencing as it awaits maintenance.
How much longer will my constituents have to wait?
I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend to address her point and to give her the details that she requires.
The new Minister stated earlier that the Government have created 2,405 new prison places, but 1,468 of those are at HMP Millsike, which is part of the new prisons programme that was announced by the previous Conservative Government.
The 10,000 additional prison places estate expansion programme—including the houseblocks and refurbishments programme, and the category D programme—has been downgraded from amber to red in the delivery confidence assessment, due to the programme’s key supplier entering administration.
What steps is the Justice Secretary taking to put prison construction back on track?
The hon.
Member seems to be the last person defending the last Conservative Government on prisons and law and order.