How are we going to fill that gap?
The Probation Service is absolutely essential to the strategy that he is rightly following now.
My hon.
Friend and I did a lot of work together while the Probation Service was decimated by a badly botched privatisation that ruined such an incredible service.
He is right that we will need to recruit more officers.
The £700 million that we found is essential, and I will be looking closely at the allocations over the coming months.
I wish to pay tribute to the probation officers in Northern Ireland, who do an excellent job.
I have met them many times, and they are magnificent.
On many occasions they have to deal with young people who, due to peer pressure, find themselves influenced to do things that they normally would not do.
Restorative justice is one way to try to make things better.
Is there a direct strategy within Government to ensure that restorative justice is used to rehabilitate young people and give them the chance of a better life?
The hon.
Gentleman brings a lot of experience to these issues.
What he reflects on is an issue faced in constituencies like mine.
I hope he will contribute to the debate on the Sentencing Bill later today.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I welcome the new Justice Secretary and the Minister responsible for sentencing to their places.
The Probation Service relies on an effective tagging system in order to keep our communities safe, but the £300 million contract that the last Government awarded to Serco has resulted in lots of failures.
I saw some of them close up when I shadowed Serco over the summer, including, for example, wrong addresses being provided, which means multiple failed visits and a failure to tag the offenders who need to be tagged.
Will the Secretary of State tell us how much Serco has been fined in its contract, and will he commit to strengthening penalties so that we ensure that private contractors are not rewarded for failure?
The hon.
Gentleman is right that Serco’s record was poor and unacceptable.
We stepped in, and have fined it.
I cannot say by how much, because it is commercially sensitive, but I can tell him that I intend to hold Serco to account.
The job that it does is immensely important for public confidence.
What steps his Department is taking to maintain courtrooms.
What steps he is taking to improve the court estate through restoration and renewal.
For years, our court buildings under the last Government were left to crumble and decay.
This Government have boosted capital funding from £120 million last year to over £148 million for this year.
From Reading to Blackpool, we are building new courts and restoring old ones.
I look forward to Chorley’s then.
Prestatyn justice centre and its hard-working staff provide a vital service to my constituents, but on a recent visit it was clear that the building needs investment.
Can the Minister update the House on what the Government are doing to repair and modernise our court estate, and will she look at what can be done to support our facility in Prestatyn?
My hon.
Friend is right that the Prestatyn justice centre is a valuable facility for her community.
We have a number of projects in the pipeline for Wales.
Obviously we must prioritise those court buildings that are most in need and where there is most disrepair so that we can bring them back into use, but I am happy for her to write to me about that particular case.
Since 2019 my constituents in Lancaster have had to look at a ring of steel fencing around the Lancaster courthouse in our city centre as it awaits maintenance work to make it more sightly.
The fencing has been there since 2019, so how much longer will my constituents have to wait for this maintenance work?