Some do not survive.
According to the House of Commons Library, the average number of days from charge to case completion is 363 days.
What time do the Government think is acceptable for delivering justice for rape victims?
Do they have a target?
What is it and what steps are they taking to reach it?
We must have swifter justice for victims of rape.
When I was shadow Justice Secretary, I was appalled that under the previous Government we got to a position where we had almost decriminalised the situation because there were so few prosecutions.
There must be justice, and that means swifter justice.
In west Kent, an initiative to share the resource of Maidstone Crown court with Woolwich Crown court is spreading cases into areas where there is not such a backlog.
Can the Government indicate whether  that is being openly considered in other parts of the country so that we can spread the backlog across different areas?
It is absolutely the case that where courts are coming together and being proactive, we are seeing progress.
I look forward to looking more closely at the example of Maidstone and Woolwich.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that that is the way forward.
Of 221 people arrested for supporting Palestine Action, 162 were arrested under section 13 of the Terrorism Act 2000.
This prohibits people from carrying articles in public which
“arouse reasonable suspicion that an individual is a member or supporter of a proscribed organisation.”
Even the protesters who displayed those sickening pictures of Hamas paragliders in the week after  7 October  were each given a conditional discharge.
Will the Government please look again at the Terrorism Act to avoid clogging up the criminal justice system with people whose real motive is to support action on Palestine?
I am always happy to do anything—I did it in my last role and I will do it in this role—to ensure that anyone terrorising is convicted.
That is quite properly a matter for law enforcement and prosecutors, but I will examine the detail of what the hon.
Gentleman says.
I have met constituents who have been victims of some of the most serious offences and were waiting for years before the general election to have access to justice.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss how I can ensure that my constituents have timely access to justice?
My hon.
Friend is right.
We have to ensure that the system works for victims.
Under the previous Government, half of all magistrates courts closed, and in December 2023, the Crown court backlog had increased by 77%.
We are dealing with that—we have to do so as swiftly as possible.
I will of course ensure that he meets with the appropriate Minister.
With your permission, Mr Speaker, I pay tribute to my predecessor, who is mentioned on the face of the Order Paper, who was killed in 1940.
The Justice Secretary keeps referring to the previous Government, and I sort of get that, but I remind him that the new Government have been in post for some 14 or 15 months—over a year—and at some point, that particular argument is going to wear very thin.
Is he aware of the extraordinary length of time that victims of serious sexual assault and crimes must wait in the Shropshire courts, particularly Shrewsbury Crown court?
It is double the 363 days that we have just heard from the Lib Dem Benches.
What will the Justice Secretary do to help those victims, as well as the defendants who may, on occasion, be innocent?
The right hon.
Gentleman and I are friends across this House.