If this was really about justice for victims, in the 14 years of his Government he would have carried out reforms to ensure that victims got swift justice.
Instead, he presided over a criminal justice system that is at breaking point, where victims are waiting years for their day in court, and where prisons are overflowing and we are unable to ensure that there is always a space available.
It is this Government that are ensuring there will always be a prison place available.
It is this Government that are getting on with carrying out the recommendations of the national grooming inquiry.
It is this Government that take victims and justice seriously.
What steps he is taking to introduce statutory regulation of the funeral sector.
On  15 July , the Fuller inquiry recommended introducing statutory regulation for funeral directors.
The Government recognise the urgency of the concerns raised and we are carefully considering all the recommendations.
The Government have committed to responding to the inquiry with an interim update on progress this year, and a final response will be given by summer 2026.
The Minister will be aware of the plight of Zoe Ward and Cody Townend, two mums from Leeds who tragically lost babies in different circumstances but who both went to the same funeral director, who did not treat their babies’ bodies with the dignity, care or respect that they deserved.
Despite the shocking details of these cases, the police found nothing actionable because the funeral sector is not regulated in any way.
Will the Minister commit to meeting Zoe, Cody and me to discuss these horrific cases, but also to talk about how quickly we can regulate the law in this area to ensure that what happened to them never happens to anyone ever again?
The whole House will be utterly horrified at the cases of Zoe and Cody and what they have had to go through.
Dignity for our deceased should be upheld by all as something of fundamental importance.
My colleagues and I are committed to ensuring that we get funeral regulation right, and I am working on that with colleagues in the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government, the Department of Health and Social Care, and the Department for Business and Trade.
I would be honoured to meet my hon.
Friend, Zoe and Cody to discuss this further.
What steps he is taking to support witnesses through the criminal justice system.
Supporting victims and witnesses is key to ensuring that offenders are brought to justice.
Measures are in place to support victims.
We have already discussed those measures, such as section 28 and the Ministry of Justice-funded victim and witness services.
The witness service provides emotional and practical on-the-day support to help prosecution and defence witnesses in criminal courts across England and Wales, because we need them to be able to give the best evidence possible.
I recently met a constituent who had served as a juror in a very distressing child sexual abuse case.
She highlighted the profound impact that such trials can have not just on the witnesses themselves, but on the jurors, who may experience trauma and even post-traumatic stress disorder.
Although the appointment of the new Victims’ Commissioner is welcome, could the Minister outline what support is available for jurors who have to cope with the impact of the evidence they see and hear in such distressing cases?
The hon.
Member makes an important point.
I would like to take this opportunity to put on the record my thanks to everyone who does their civic duty by taking part in jury service.
Juries are a cornerstone of our justice system and carry out an important function.
There is support available for jurors, and I am so sorry to hear of her constituent’s situation.
If the hon.