Member is right.
Lord Mandelson’s continued support of Epstein shows an attitude that I find completely reprehensible in exactly that respect, because Epstein’s victims were women—young women, girls, children.
So, yes, I do agree.
It has long been clear that Mandelson was not suitable to be our ambassador, so the question is: what changed last week?
The Bloomberg emails revealing further details of Epstein’s relationship with him and the birthday book in which he referred to Epstein as his “best pal” were with Mandelson by Monday evening and with the Foreign Office overnight or by Tuesday morning at the latest.
The Prime Minister is said to have known of the investigation by Tuesday afternoon, but not of the content of the emails.
Why, when our most important diplomat in our most important international relationship is under question or under investigation, would the Prime Minister not want to know the details of the investigation immediately?
We understand that the Prime Minister’s chief of staff, Morgan McSweeney, was talking to Mandelson all day on Tuesday, so what was Mandelson saying to McSweeney and was this passed to the Prime Minister?
One of the things I would ask the Minister is if, later on, he can give the House an undertaking that we can have a record of that conversation, because we need to know.
Mandelson gave an immediate interview on Wednesday morning—hours before Prime Minister’s questions—admitting that more embarrassing revelations would come out.
Mandelson’s past scandals and his links to Epstein were crystal clear by the time the Prime Minister rose to speak in PMQs last Wednesday.
Is my right hon.
Friend aware that James Matthews, the Sky News reporter, cornered Lord Mandelson on  27 May  to ask him specifically about staying in Epstein’s flat?
Mandelson did not deny it, but simply said that he regretted having any connection with him.
These are the kinds of questions that should have been asked, and were being asked by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rutland and Stamford (Alicia Kearns)  and many other Members back in May, about the suitability of the ambassador.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that the Prime Minister should have looked into this further at that point?
Exactly, and in fact earlier than that point.
I will come back to that when I talk briefly about the vetting process.
What precisely did the Prime Minister learn from reading the Bloomberg emails that was not already known about Lord Mandelson from public information and vetting done before the appointment?
Each day that goes by, we see more shocking revelations not only about his misconduct and his links to Jeffrey Epstein,  but about the failures of both the vetting process and the political judgment of those at the top of Government.
I say to  the hon.
Member for Leeds East (Richard Burgon)  that that relates not just to their political judgment, but to their moral standards and the equity in how they apply those moral standards across the board.
That brings us to the question: what happened to the vetting process?
Most of what I have described was in the public domain.
It does not take James Bond; Google could do this.
What was not in the public domain was in the official records, or known to the intelligence agencies—in other words, it was all available to the Government.
We know there was a two-page propriety and ethics briefing, which should have flagged concerns, but it merely triggered an unpenetrating email inquiry.
That goes straight to the point raised by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hinckley and Bosworth (Dr Evans) , which is: where were the questions?
Someone does not just send a three-line email and forget about it; they pursue the questions and cross-question the person under suspicion.
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for giving way.
He will know that members of the Intelligence and Security Committee of Parliament are subject to extremely deep vetting.