If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
It is my honour to take my first oral questions as Lord Chancellor and Justice Secretary.
Today, the Government will introduce the Public Office (Accountability) Bill—better known as the Hillsborough law.
It will create a new professional and legal duty of candour, placing public servants under a duty to act with honesty and integrity at all times.
It will be backed by a new offence for misleading the public, and two new offences for misconduct in public office.
This is an historic moment, but the credit belongs not to the Government but to the families of the 97, whose courage never faltered, and to all who fought for justice after Grenfell, after Windrush, after the infected blood and Horizon scandals.
This law will be their legacy.
We cannot rewrite history, but with the Hillsborough law, we can ensure that it never repeats itself again.
I associate myself with the Secretary of State’s passionate remarks.
Some 71% of people in the youth justice system have a speech and language need that may impact on their ability to access justice, but only a tiny fraction of those young people have received any speech and language support.
How is he working across Government—particularly with the Department of Health and Social Care and the Department for Education—to prevent those vulnerable young people from being disproportionately drawn into the youth justice system?
I remain very concerned, particularly about neurodiversity in young people and how they fare in the criminal justice system.
I will look closely at the youth justice system, working closely with colleagues in the Department of Health and Social Care and of course the Department for Education.
I call the shadow Justice Secretary.
I welcome the Justice Secretary to his place.
The only one in, one out deal that is working in the Government is the one for Deputy Prime Ministers.
Just last month, the country was crying out that the Justice Secretary must face justice after his scandalous failure to register a licence for fish.
Well, he thought he was off the hook, but finally it is justice for Lammy.
I know that he has a previous and rather traumatic experience with one John Humphrys on “Mastermind”, so I hope that he is sitting comfortably.
How many foreign nationals are clogging up our prisons, and does  he stand by the letter he signed that opposed the removal of 50 foreign criminals, one of whom went on to murder?
I will look forward to this.
I know that the right hon.
Gentleman is so good that my predecessor was promoted, and that he is auditioning for another job.
Let me be clear: returns under this Government have gone up 14%.
I took a keen interest as Foreign Secretary.
They will be going up further.
I will give it to the Justice Secretary; that was a better reply than the one he gave when he was asked which monarch succeeded Henry VIII and he said Henry VII, but it was not the answer that I was asking for.
In fact, there are 10,772 foreign nationals in our prisons, and that figure has gone up under Labour.
The obstacle to so many of their removals is the European convention on human rights, which has morphed into a charter for criminals.
The previous Justice Secretary pretended that we could reform the ECHR, but the Attorney General, Lord Hermer, has stated that that position is a “political trick”.
Is it a trick that this Justice Secretary intends to play on the British public?
I know the right hon.
Gentleman was a corporate lawyer, but he really needs to get into the detail.
We are reforming through the Sentencing Bill so that we can get people out of the country by deporting them on sentencing.
He needs to get into the weeds and look at the Bill—he can do better.