Member is making, but I would just note that one of the Conservative candidates running in a Milton Keynes constituency at  the last general election worked for Global Counsel.
It is interesting that the Conservatives have such complaints about this organisation when they were willing to support a candidate who worked for it.
I am going to be very gentle.
Let me just say that we are talking about a very serious issue, in which the national interest is engaged, and about somebody who in my view has used his public position to his own advantage and to the disadvantage of the state.
That is not true of some candidate working in a junior role for the company, but it is true of the man who created that company and used it to promote his own interests.
To come back to the Inter-Parliamentary Alliance on China, from my point of view—and this is personal rather than political—even more worrying were the attitudes struck by Mandelson in February 2021 when, during a lobbying meeting on behalf of his rich clients, he told Chinese Premier Li Keqiang that the critics of Beijing’s human rights record would be “proved wrong”.
That astonishing statement was followed later in 2021 by Mandelson being the only Labour peer to vote—against a three-line Whip—against a genocide amendment that would have meant this country had to reconsider any trade deal with a country found by the High Court to be committing genocide, and most specifically China was in the crosshairs.
Frankly, it would appear that Lord Mandelson has subcontracted his conscience for money.
My right hon.
Friend has mentioned the Inter-Parliamentary Alliance on China.
In case the House thinks it is a Conservative organisation, can I explain that it has Members of Parliament from all parties in this House, that 53 countries are involved and that it has co-chairs from both the left and the right?
It is wholly above party politics, but is all about the threat from China.
My right hon.
Friend is exactly right, and the Senators to whom these documents were sent are very responsible ones.
They would not frivolously pass on such documents to the FBI, and the FBI would not frivolously accept them and investigate.
Does my right hon.
Friend recall that on  21 November  last, the Prime Minister was challenged to rule out appointing Lord Mandelson as ambassador to the United States on the grounds that he had said Ukraine would have to give up all the land Russia had occupied and that it must give up any hope of ever joining NATO in return for some unspecified security guarantees?
The Prime Minister said he would not be tempted to comment on the possibility of his being appointed ambassador, and as he said it he had a very noticeable little smirk on his face.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that the Prime Minister is not smirking about this matter any more?
I say to my right hon.
Friend that the Prime Minister gave what was clearly—what can I say?—a lawyer’s answer to that question, which as we all know is not a proper answer at all.
No.
10 was well aware that Mandelson had continued his relationship with Epstein after he was convicted as a paedophile.
How the Prime Minister could possibly have thought it was wise to appoint a man who was on  record consorting with alleged murderers and convicted paedophiles to a position of privilege and power is, to me, utterly unfathomable.
The right hon.
Member has rightly pointed out Lord Mandelson’s murky attitude towards money, but does this not also shine a terrible light on his attitude towards women, which, by contrast, does not look good for the Government?
I agree—the hon.
Member is right.
Lord Mandelson’s continued support of Epstein shows an attitude that I find completely reprehensible in exactly that respect, because Epstein’s victims were women—young women, girls, children.
So, yes, I do agree.