I am sure that the whole House will join me in paying tribute to the murdered prison officer Lenny Scott, whose killer was found guilty and sentenced over the recess.
It is hard to overstate the seriousness of the case: this was a prison officer murdered simply for doing his job.
Like police officers, we ask prison officers every day to stand up to some of the most violent people in our society.
Does the new Lord Chancellor agree that prison officers deserve the same legal protections as police officers?
The work that our prison officers do is incredible.
The work that our prison governors do is incredible.
Over the course of both my career in law and my career in the House, I have visited very many prisons,  and I pay tribute to their work.
I will certainly be looking closely at this issue.
I hope to come forward with more announcements in the coming days.
I am sure that prison officers will welcome any future announcements that the Lord Chancellor makes.
We have talked this morning about preventive measures we can take to ensure prison officer safety, but police officers benefit from legal protections in terms of the consequences for murdering them, with mandatory whole-life orders imposed on people who do that.
The Opposition will table an amendment to the Sentencing Bill that would give the same protection to prison officers.
I think they deserve it, and I would welcome his support for that measure.
It is a serious issue and I will certainly consider it.
I know that the Law Commission is looking at similar provisions.
What steps he is taking to support rehabilitative programmes in prisons.
Welcome, Minister.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
This Government are committed to tackling the root causes of reoffending.
That means investing in services that turn offenders away from a life of crime and instead back on the straight and narrow.
That includes services in employment, accommodation and substance misuse treatment.
I thank the Minister for his response and welcome him to his place.
We have a prison population crisis, but rather than building or releasing our way out of it, we have to reduce reoffending.
I recently visited HMP Bure in my constituency and saw the excellent work it has been doing internally to support prisoners in learning new skills and equipping them for life after release.
Will the Minister assure me that the Government will support and provide funding for such programmes?
Will he meet me to hear more about the fantastic work of the staff at HMP Bure?
The Government are committed to tackling reoffending, and that includes investment in services exactly like those that the hon.
Member visited.
We are building more prison places, because we need to.
In 14 years the Conservatives added just 500 additional prison places, and in 14 months we have added 2,500.
Alongside that, we have to tackle reoffending, and I hope the hon.
Member will support the Sentencing Bill later this afternoon, which will do that.
Rehabilitation is a vital part of prison health programmes, but when prisoners develop infectious diseases such as tuberculosis, they can be isolated from organised programmes such as rehab.
Given the risk that interrupted TB treatment can fuel antimicrobial resistance, what steps is the  Department taking to ensure that prisoners receive both uninterrupted medical care and continued access to rehabilitation?
I will be talking with colleagues in the Department of Health and Social Care on exactly that issue and on tackling reoffending, making sure that there is treatment in prisons so that prisoners are rehabilitated.
The sole focus of this Government is on stopping reoffending and cutting crime, and that means working with prisoners.
There is also the Sentencing Bill, and I hope that my hon.
Friend will contribute to the debate on that today.
What steps his Department is taking to support victims of rape and sexual violence through the court system.