I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for giving way.
He will know that members of the Intelligence and Security Committee of Parliament are subject to extremely deep vetting.
There is also a double check, which is that Parliament has to give its agreement to the appointments to the Committee, once nominated by the Prime Minister.
Does the Mandelson case not strengthen the argument for pre-confirmation hearings by the relevant parliamentary Committees of this House in order that candidates can be cross-questioned?
At the moment, the Cabinet Office advises on only about 1,000 regulated public appointments for this House, ahead of appointment.
None of them is a Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office appointment.
Is it not now time to make that change, whether they are political appointments or senior civil servants?
My right hon.
Friend makes a very good point.
I certainly think that that would be the right way to go for political appointments.
It would probably be the right way to go for the top dozen embassies.
I would not worry about all of them, without being rude to—well, I won’t pick a country.
That would just be meaningless, but the top dozen are well worth doing.
The right hon.
Gentleman mentioned that the Cabinet Office propriety and ethics team produced a report that was presumably handed to the Prime Minister, and that was certainly done prior to the announcement.
Does he agree that the Minister must tell us whether the Prime Minister read that report, and whether it contained anything that Parliament should have been aware of before he made the appointment?
The hon.
Gentleman makes a good point.
He is right and I will reiterate the point.
In addition to what my right hon.
Friend  the Member for The Wrekin (Mark Pritchard)  said, there should have been a fully developed vetting process and that appears not to have happened.
There is a vetting unit in the Foreign Office and a vetting unit in the Cabinet Office, and normally one of them would have been engaged on this.
There have been claims that developed vetting happens after an appointment.
No, it does not.
For existing ambassadors who are on a five-year vetting  cycle, sure.
For ambassadors or officers who are being read into a new class of material, sure.
But for this—an outsider coming into the most sensitive job in Government—certainly not.
Will my right hon.
Friend give way?
I am being frowned at by Mr Speaker for taking so much time.
I will give way for the last time.
My right hon.
Friend is being very generous.
At the weekend, the Secretary of State for Business and Trade appeared to say that the Government believed it was “worth the risk” of appointing Lord Mandelson from the outset.
As I heard it, what the Business Secretary was saying was that for the positive qualities Lord Mandelson had—as they saw it—it was worth the risk that he might be more involved with a convicted paedophile than they thought from the outset.
If that is the risk the Government were judging him by, is that not shameful?
I have already said that my view is that ethical standards are absolute, so there should not be a trade-off.
Let us take this, for a second, as a practical decision and take Mandelson at his own measure.
He loves being called the dark lord and all the rest of it.
He preens himself on being a master of the dark arts: spin, message management, political tactics and manipulation of the truth—a repertoire of things that most people would not be proud of.
If the Government think that those skills actually make up for his sins, well no.
First, he is not as good as he is cracked up to be, frankly.