Quite rightly, he has put his point on the record.
I take defence matters seriously, and I am sure that he will have been heard.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Thank you for allowing me to raise a point of order, of which I have sent given you notice.
Have you had an indication from the Foreign Secretary that the Government will either come to this House today, or that they will make a statement concerning the UN independent international commission of inquiry report on the Occupied Palestinian Territories?
That report has confirmed in horrifying detail the acts of genocide now being committed by Israeli forces against the Palestinian people—against children: destroying hospitals, destroying schools and destroying life itself.
This is a serious matter.
If we are to continue normal relations with Israel, I think the Foreign Office needs to  explain why we are having those relations with a country that is committing acts of genocide against the Palestinian people.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his point of order.
I have had no indication that Ministers intend to come to the House to make a statement on this matter, but he has certainly put the point on the record.
I know that many other Members are concerned.
I will look to the Government to bring forward a statement on our immediate return to the House.
If not, I am quite sure that others will, on our return, look to place before me a request for an urgent question.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
The UN independent international commission of inquiry on the Occupied Palestinian Territories has concluded that Israel has committed genocide in Gaza.
Despite welcoming the Israeli President last week, the Government have failed to make a statement, as we have heard.
As the House is about to go into recess, can you advise me and the House how we are to seek accountability on this important matter?
I cannot add any more to what I have already said.
Once again, I am sure that those on the Treasury Bench have listened to the right hon.
Member.
I know that we have three hours for the next debate, but, quite rightly, this message has gone across.
I could not be clearer: I expect the Government to come forward with a statement.
If not, I am sure I can work with Members who may wish to place an urgent question before the House.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
On  1 September ,  the hon.
Member for Rutherglen (Michael Shanks) , now Minister of State in the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero, issued a written statement on the contingent liabilities from the funded decommissioning programme and Government support package for Sizewell C, which is due to be undertaken on  1 October .
It is a liability to Government and taxpayers that could reach up to the tune of £12 billion.
That is a significant contingent liability for the public purse, and due parliamentary scrutiny is necessary.
Although the Minister stated reasons for not providing the required 14 days for scrutiny and withholding of approval, which is normally required for any contingent liability above £300,000, surely Parliament should have been presented with the results of the ongoing review of the liabilities during whatever time was available, and parliamentary time should have been scheduled to allow parliamentarians to scrutinise—
Order.
I think I got the message in the first five minutes.
I am very grateful to the hon.
Member for giving notice of her point of order.
As she says, a contingent liability of this size would normally involve the laying of a memorandum for a period of 14 sitting days before the guarantee is approved.
The written statement made by the Minister for Energy on  1 September , when the House returned from the summer recess, sets out the reasons why the usual process could not be followed in this case.