There is also the Sentencing Bill, and I hope that my hon.
Friend will contribute to the debate on that today.
What steps his Department is taking to support victims of rape and sexual violence through the court system.
It is vital that victims feel supported at court.
The Ministry of Justice funds the national witness service, which provides support on the day of trial, and independent sexual violence advocates can accompany victims while they are in the courtroom.
Pre-trial, victims can receive support from victim liaison officers or from the MOJ-funded victim support services, and that is available throughout their criminal justice journey.
May I welcome our new Minister and Justice Secretary to their places?
I have heard far too many stories from constituents who have endured sexual violence and rape.
They tell me how isolating and intimidating the court system can feel and how difficult it can be to get the support they need.
Will the Minister reassure me and those constituents that this Government are doing everything they can to ensure that victims and survivors of rape and sexual violence are supported in a timely manner?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that important question.
She is a tireless advocate for all victims of violence against women and girls.
She will know that this Government are committed to supporting those victims in court through measures such as section 28, the witness service and our victim liaison officers.
To further support victims, the Ministry of Justice also funds support services such as independent sexual violence advocates and independent domestic violence advocates.
We are also committed to introducing free, independent legal advisers for victims of adult rape across England and Wales, and I hope to announce more on that measure soon.
My constituent Louise reported her sexual assault to the police back in 2021.
She has had court dates pushed back twice and the trial is now expected in December 2026, nearly six years after reporting it to the police.
What assessment has the Minister made of the impact of such delays on victim-survivors, who are also witnesses, and of the impact on the quality of the eventual court case?
I thank the hon.
Member for that really important question.
All my thoughts are with Louise and, sadly, so many like her who are waiting for justice.
We know that justice delayed is justice denied.
That is why we asked Sir Brian Leveson to conduct the once-in-a-generation reform of our criminal courts system: to ensure that we have a criminal justice system fit for the future, which breaks down the backlog on our court cases so that victims such as Louise are no longer waiting for justice.
Last week the Justice Committee heard evidence about the use of special measures to support vulnerable or intimidated witnesses to give their best evidence.
That is obviously so important in rape and sexual assault cases.
Will the Minister reaffirm her support for the continuing use of those measures, despite some debate about the evidence of their effectiveness?
I was pleased to attend the Justice Committee to discuss how important section 28 is to vulnerable witnesses and victims, and the difference that it makes by allowing victims of rape and sexual offence crimes specifically to be maintained within the justice system, allowing them to give their evidence in a safe manner that is more accessible to them.
In a justice system where currently 60% of rape victims are withdrawing from the process because of the backlog, the waits and how traumatic it is, anything that helps them to be maintained in the criminal justice system is worth championing.
My constituent waited 18 months to face her abuser in court, only to be told the day before the trial was supposed to begin that it had been postponed until May 2026.
How are victims of domestic abuse supposed to get redress and closure when they face such intolerable delays?