Juries are a cornerstone of our justice system and carry out an important function.
There is support available for jurors, and I am so sorry to hear of her constituent’s situation.
If the hon.
Member wants to write to me, I will happily look into this more and work with her on what more we can do to support jurors, who do such a brilliant job.
My constituent Billy Boyack saw his wife Angela and son Stephen killed in a head-on collision.
The driver responsible initially showed no remorse and was already banned from the area under bail conditions.
He received only a 13-year sentence.
How does the Minister intend to redress the unfairness in our sentencing laws, with victims like Billy suffering such injustice?
All my thoughts are with Billy and the family for the horrific tragedy they have suffered.
My hon.
Friend will know that we are debating the Sentencing Bill later today, looking at how we redress the balance here.
The Law Commission is also doing a special piece of work looking at homicide law, and I would happily discuss that with her and Billy and discuss how best we can support them.
What assessment he has made of trends in the level of reoffending rates.
Although there is a long-term downward trend in the rate of proven reoffending, this country remains an outlier in that regard.
That is why the Government are taking action to reduce reoffending, especially among prolific offenders.
That includes measures in the Sentencing Bill on short-term sentencing, community punishment, investment in regional employment councils to bring local partners together to help offenders into work, and the rolling out of intensive supervision courts, which have had incredibly encouraging results so far.
I, too, welcome my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Justice and his new ministerial team to their roles.
The Clink Charity has delivered life-changing rehabilitation at HMP Brixton for over a decade, significantly reducing reoffending rates.
Indeed, its graduates are 64% less likely to reoffend.
However, the charity has recently been told that it must compete in a commercial procurement process alongside large corporations to continue operating at Brixton.
That risks disadvantaging an award-winning charity with a proven track record that is having a positive impact.
Does the Minister agree that this is unfair, and can he reassure me that he will review the situation to ensure that procurement processes consider the excellent work already being achieved by organisations such as the Clink?
Yes, I am aware of the great work that the Clink does, as are the Justice Secretary and the Prisons Minister in the other place.
We will be reviewing what has happened and is happening there in due course.
One of the keys ways to reduce reoffending is to ensure that ex-offenders leaving prison have secure places to live and are not tempted to go back to a life of crime.
However, it can be a consequence of early release that that is not prepared in advance.
What action will the Minister take so that prison governors and those involved in the prison service ensure that ex-offenders go into secure accommodation once they leave prison?
The hon.
Member raises an important point and challenge for the Probation Service as the Sentencing Bill comes to fruition.
I was with the Justice Secretary just last week meeting probation staff.
Housing is a big challenge.
I will work with colleagues from across Government to ensure that we are up to that challenge.
The hon.
Member makes a good point, and I will update the House in due course.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
It is my honour to take my first oral questions as Lord Chancellor and Justice Secretary.
Today, the Government will introduce the Public Office (Accountability) Bill—better known as the Hillsborough law.