He preens himself on being a master of the dark arts: spin, message management, political tactics and manipulation of the truth—a repertoire of things that most people would not be proud of.
If the Government think that those skills actually make up for his sins, well no.
First, he is not as good as he is cracked up to be, frankly.
He is being measured—remember this—against Karen Pierce, the officer in place who was probably the best ambassador in Washington and certainly the most revered, and, after her, Tim Barrow, who was our ambassador to the European Union during Brexit and the National Security Adviser.
He knows all these things to the tips of fingers.
Was Lord Mandelson better than them?
Pull the other one.
I am coming to the end, Mr Speaker, before you frown any more.
No.
10 claims that Mandelson was economical with the truth.
Mandelson claims he told the whole truth.
Both statements cannot be true.
The questions I pose to the Minister are these.
Will the Government rule out Mandelson being brought back into Government?
No.
10 refused to rule out giving him another job last week.
If Mandelson withheld information during the vetting process, will he lose the Labour Whip?
I am looking at Mr Burgon when I say that.
Is he going to have to resign from the House of Lords?
Will Lord Mandelson be receiving compensation?
Some reports in the media suggest we will pay £100,000 of taxpayers’ money.
Will the Prime Minister, his chief of staff, his Cabinet Secretary and the permanent secretary to the FCDO appear before the Select Committees of the House to give evidence?
Will the Minister provide the House with the documents—the propriety and ethics team report and the developed vetting report, if it exists—required to answer our questions as to who knew what and when?
There are many quotes in the newspapers from those in the Minister’s own party about their horror regarding the Prime Minister’s decisions and processes.
Will the right hon.
Gentleman give way on that point?
No, I really am coming to an end.
I will quote just one of them.
This is a long-standing senior Labour Member:
“I care that this culture of turning a blind eye to horrendous behaviour is endemic at the top of society”.
I agree with him.
When individuals with such associations are ushered back into the heart of Government, are we not right to ask what standards now govern appointments to public life?
Impunity is not a right.
Impropriety is not a technicality.
And survivors of crime should not have to do the heavy lifting of holding the powerful to account.
I mentioned at the beginning of my speech that a Bill has today been presented to the House imposing a duty of candour on public authorities and public officials.
My last and single question to the Minister is this: will his Government now live up to the words in that Bill?
rose—
I gently say to the right hon.
Gentleman, as he is a senior Member, that though he has taken the time he felt was required, it has been longer than 15 minutes.
May I just say that when we refer to other Members, it should be by constituency, not by name.
I call the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee.
My Committee first asked for the opportunity to question Lord Mandelson at the end of last year, when rumours first surfaced about his appointment as ambassador to the United States.
We continued to ask after his appointment was confirmed.
Indeed, the Minister may remember our exchange, on  14 January  in this Chamber, when I asked him to
“allow Lord Mandelson the time to come before my Committee before he leaves for the United States”
to
“allow my colleagues to hear directly why the Prime Minister has appointed him”.—[Official Report,  14 January 2025 ; Vol.
760, c. 143.]