In a justice system where currently 60% of rape victims are withdrawing from the process because of the backlog, the waits and how traumatic it is, anything that helps them to be maintained in the criminal justice system is worth championing.
My constituent waited 18 months to face her abuser in court, only to be told the day before the trial was supposed to begin that it had been postponed until May 2026.
How are victims of domestic abuse supposed to get redress and closure when they face such intolerable delays?
It is unacceptable that this is being allowed to carry on in our courts, which is why we are taking that fundamental reform, because without victims we would not have a criminal justice system and it is important that we put them at the heart of this.
We are funding independent domestic abuse advocates to support victims, to get them through the system quicker.
We are also committed to rolling out more specialist domestic abuse courts.
That was one of the clear recommendations of the Leveson review, and it is something that the Courts Minister, my hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for Finchley and Golders Green (Sarah Sackman) , and I are working closely on to support victims, but I will happily discuss this further with the hon.
Member to ensure that we get this right for victims of domestic abuse.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Child sex offenders destroy the lives of their victims, so why did the Justice Secretary, as Foreign Secretary, appoint the “best pal” and known business partner of one of the world’s most notorious paedophiles as our ambassador to Washington?
What message does the Minister think this sends to the victims of rape and child sex abuse here in the UK?
Child sexual abuse is one of the most abhorrent crimes in our society.
That is why it is this Government who are enacting the recommendations of the grooming gangs inquiry.
That is why we have kicked off the review into ensuring that victims get the justice they so deserve.
It is why we are today introducing a Hillsborough law—a groundbreaking law to ensure that victims and survivors never again have to wait decades for truth and justice.
The Minister could not answer, because it is simply indefensible and she knows it.
Everyone in this House knows it.
Everyone knows it.
On Sunday, the family of one of Epstein’s victims, Virginia Giuffre, said that Mandelson should never have been appointed.
I agree; almost every person in this country agrees.
Did the Justice Secretary not read the papers that detailed Mandelson’s extensive connections to Epstein after he had been convicted?
Or did he read them and flippantly disregard the crimes and pain he caused so many?
Will the Minister take this opportunity, in her role, to apologise on behalf of the Justice Secretary to Epstein’s victims?
I understand the point being raised, and it is a very important one, but we are a long distance from the original question—
It is about justice for victims.
I am well aware of that and certainly do not need to be told.
We have a three-hour debate coming up on that subject, so hopefully the Minister can respond.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
The shadow Justice Secretary says from a seated position that this is about justice for victims.
If this was really about justice for victims, in the 14 years of his Government he would have carried out reforms to ensure that victims got swift justice.
Instead, he presided over a criminal justice system that is at breaking point, where victims are waiting years for their day in court, and where prisons are overflowing and we are unable to ensure that there is always a space available.
It is this Government that are ensuring there will always be a prison place available.