Friend the Secretary of State has said, there are 160,000 children in temporary accommodation, and in many cases the definition of “temporary” is being stretched to breaking point.
Does she agree that the Government’s homelessness strategy needs to look specifically at the outcomes for children who have experienced long-term or repeated spells in temporary accommodation?
I absolutely agree.
That is why we have an inter-ministerial group—we are determined to tackle homelessness.
This is not just about children in temporary accommodation; it affects every single aspect of their lives and outcomes.
With our opportunities mission, we are determined to give every child the best possible outcome.
The New Homes (Solar Generation) Bill—the sunshine Bill—received a sunny disposition from all sides of the House   among the private Members’ Bills we debated on Friday.
In the upcoming uprating of building regulations, will the Housing Minister confirm that solar generation will be part of the requirements for all new houses?
The Government’s position was set out in some detail on Friday when I responded to the debate on the private Member’s Bill.
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, I am in conversation with the promoter of that Bill,  the hon.
Member for Cheltenham (Max Wilkinson) , to shape the design of the future standards that we are bringing forward.
In Scotland, we have record levels of children living in temporary accommodation without a home to call their own.
Some 10,000 children have been left homeless on the SNP Government’s watch.
The SNP is taking Scotland in the wrong direction.
Does the Secretary of State agree that Scotland needs a new direction and a Scottish Labour Government in 2026?
Yes.
Suffolk has a huge flooding problem.
Part of the problem has been driven by overdevelopment in low-lying rural areas.
In her steps to reform the planning system—as well as building more houses, which I totally accept we need to do—can the Secretary of State promise to force councils and developers to properly account for flood risk, ensure that developers are held accountable to residents when developments are badly impacted by floods, and ensure that housing targets favour homes built in dense urban areas?
As I have made clear, we are prioritising development on previously developed brownfield land wherever possible, and we encourage local authorities to look to that option in the first instance.
We have made changes to the NPPF to clarify flood risk and issues that relate to it.
If the hon.
Gentleman writes to me, I will be more than happy to look at the specifics in his area in more detail.
With permission, Mr Speaker, before I turn to Ukraine, I want to begin by welcoming the release of Emily Damari.
After 471 days of captivity, she has been brought home.
It was deeply moving to see the pictures of Emily and her mother Mandy reunited.
I pay tribute once again to all those who campaigned so tirelessly for this moment.
The Government will continue to work closely with our partners to secure the release of all the hostages, get aid into Gaza and see the deal implemented in full.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I will now make a statement on Ukraine.
Last week, my right hon.
and learned Friend the Prime Minister visited Kyiv.
It was his seventh meeting with President Zelensky, but this visit had a special purpose: to sign a historic 100-year partnership with Ukraine.
The partnership enshrines both sides’ commitment to a relationship benefiting the whole of our nations: businesses as well as the Government, communities as well as our military.
It consists of a legally binding treaty and a political agreement outlining our co-operation in greater detail.
We will lay the treaty before this House for scrutiny in the usual way.
The partnership covers the full breadth of our friendship, across nine pillars.
In each area, deeper co-operation can enhance our collective security and help us both to build resilient, flourishing economies.