Ilford has thousands of small and medium-sized businesses that make our high streets more vibrant and offer choice to locals.
What are the Government doing to support those businesses so that they can thrive on our local high streets?
As has been a theme of earlier questions, revitalising our high streets is a priority for this Government.
We have announced a number of measures, including permanently lowering business rate multipliers for retail, hospitality and leisure properties from 2026-27, introducing high street rental auctions and providing additional funding to tackle retail crime, all of which will support businesses and our high streets.
The Ayrshire growth deal, worth over a quarter of a billion pounds, has the potential to stimulate growth and create jobs across the region, yet local delivery of the ambition is slow and stagnant.
What message would the Minister send to spark action from the three Conservative-SNP run administrations in the region so that Ayrshire can realise its potential as a world-class business region?
I am sorry to hear that.
For our part, the UK Government are working closely with local partners and the Scottish Government to deliver the Ayrshire growth deal, which, as my hon.
Friend says, is worth over a quarter of a billion pounds.
As part of that, we are supporting a programme review so that, if any strategic changes are needed to ensure that the originally envisaged benefits are realised, they are made.
On the message that she asks for, we need to move at pace, exactly as the Government have committed to do, so that the people of Ayrshire get what was promised.
The villages and towns of Mid Norfolk are reeling from the cost of living crisis and the Government’s taxes attack on jobs and small businesses.
Rather than taxing rural areas and spending the money in the cities, may I suggest that Ministers allow rural councils to keep the proceeds of their growth and incentivise them to support businesses out in our rural communities, rather than allowing the Government to milk rural areas to spend the money in cities?
I cannot accept the hon.
Gentleman’s characterisation.
This Government’s decisions—whether on the support going into rural communities and rural policing, or the different business rates reductions—show that we want to support businesses in those communities to thrive, and we will continue to do so.
I thank the Minister very much for his answers.
He is a regular visitor to Northern Ireland, and that is because he loves Northern Ireland and wants to ensure that we play our part in the economic boost.
Since coming into government, has he had an opportunity to speak to his Northern Ireland counterpart, to ensure that we can go forward together as we should?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his kind points.
I have a strong personal enthusiasm for Northern Ireland—its potential is huge.
I speak frequently to Ministers in the Northern Ireland Executive and will continue to do so.
As part of the Prime Minister and Deputy Prime Minister’s reset of our relationship with the devolved Administrations, we meet them regularly and plan together so that our investments and their investments get the best value.
I will continue to do that, and I look forward to working with the hon.
Gentleman as well.
I call the shadow Minister.
We share the Government’s ambition on local growth, but Companies House is reporting the highest level of business closures in 20 years.
Will the Government commit to publishing an assessment of the impact that their national insurance rises, business rates rises and changes to business property relief are having on local growth plans?
I have no doubt that the Opposition will have all the information they need to scrutinise the Government of the day—we always provide that with full transparency.