Those discussions are live and active, and I was with the Weimar group of not just Foreign Ministers, because Prime Minister Meloni and Chancellor Scholz were there as well, discussing these very issues just before the Christmas break.
It is welcome to hear that this partnership agreement is a binding treaty.
As such, it contrasts with the Budapest memorandum, which was non-binding and not worth the paper it was written on.
There is a lot of talk about how Ukraine is on an irreversible path to NATO membership, but it will be difficult to get a consensus for that anytime soon among the 32 NATO members.
In lieu of NATO membership, what security guarantees might the UK seek to develop for Ukraine with European allies?
This is a very live issue.
As I said in my statement, we do not see Putin ready to halt his aggression and come to the table for serious negotiations, but just as this country has stood by Ukraine throughout, and provided very important intelligence in the run-up to this war, we will recognise our part in working with others on security guarantees.
I welcome the Foreign Secretary’s statement on this 100-year partnership with such an important European ally.
We absolutely understand how our futures are linked.
I want to recognise the Ukrainian community in Milton Keynes, which has established the Sunflower school and held the first Holodomor memorial event.
These communities are very worried.
They are coming to the renewal of their visas because they never thought that they would be here this long.
They have built new businesses, family connections, and friends and community connections.
Can we reassure Ukrainians in the UK that they will continue to have our support for the duration of the war, and potentially support afterwards for some of them to continue their lives here?
I reassure Ukrainians in the strongest terms—I hope that they might see the 100-year partnership as a signal of this—that the UK will stand with them long after none of us are in this Chamber.
That is the nature of the partnership.
They should be reassured, and remember that war strikes indelible bonds; just as it did between us and the United States after the second world war, it will do so between us and Ukraine.
I am sure that the Foreign Secretary’s statement will be as welcome in Kyiv as it is in this House.
He referred to the 200,000 refugees in this country.
Further to the point that  the hon.
Member for Milton Keynes Central (Emily Darlington)  made, many of those people would like to return home, but home is a war zone, particularly in the east, and they cannot do so.
They therefore have children in school here, and have built lives here.
It would reassure them to know that they are safe and secure in the United Kingdom for not just the future but the immediate future, and will be able to be here for as long as it takes.
None of us knows when the war will complete, but across our constituencies we all recognise communities that continue to be here, coming out of other conflicts.
I am thinking of Kosovan communities, for example, which exist right across the country; I can think of a significant community in south London in particular.
Many Ukrainians want to return, and we should make it possible for them to do so, but in some areas there will have to be a lot of de-mining, let us face it, in order for them to go back to their homes.
Let us see where we get to at the end of the conflict.
I thank the Foreign Secretary for the statement.
Exeter’s large and vibrant Ukrainian heritage community will welcome this further strengthening of our cultural, security and economic ties.