I am grateful to the Foreign Secretary for providing advance sight of his statement.
For nearly three years the House has stood united and steadfast in our support of the people of Ukraine.
We admire their determination, courage and bravery in the face of such horror, terror and brutality being inflicted on them, and our hearts bleed for the pain, the loss and the suffering that Putin has caused through his illegal war and invasion of a sovereign country.
From day one—in fact, since before Russian troops started the latest wave of aggression in 2022—the British Government have backed President Zelensky in defence of Ukraine’s freedom.
We recognise the threats posed since the invasion of Crimea in 2014, and the ongoing incursions in the east.
We quickly provided the Ukrainians with military equipment, aid and finance.
We set up bespoke routes to provide safety in the UK for those needing to leave Ukraine, and the British people opened their homes.
Through Boris Johnson and Ben Wallace, we led global diplomatic efforts to rally the world in support of Ukraine and to isolate Russia.
That included one of the most comprehensive packages of sanctions ever imposed on a country, members of its ruling regime, and businesses with links to Putin and the war.
When we were in government, our commitment to Ukraine was solid, and we were grateful for the support of the then Opposition.
In three years, we have provided £12.8 billion-worth of support for Ukraine, including £7.8 billion in military assistance, and we welcome the ongoing commitment to provide at least £3 billion a year in military aid for as long as it is needed.
As the Foreign Secretary will know, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Richmond and Northallerton (Rishi Sunak) , my hon.
Friend  the Member for South Suffolk (James Cartlidge)  and my noble Friend Lord Cameron of Chipping Norton were instrumental in laying the foundations for this partnership.
The partnership reached commitments to a long-standing and deep relationship between our two countries.
At this time of uncertainty for Ukraine, the prospect of future stability and our ongoing friendship and support will be welcome.
Can the Foreign Secretary provide more details about the following elements of the partnership?
First, on security and defence, referenced in articles 2 and 3, can he give an update on when he expects the proposed maritime partnership to be concluded, and on how any such partnership can be impacted in the future?
The partnership also enshrines our support for Ukraine becoming a future NATO ally, so can the Foreign Secretary give an update on his discussions with the incoming US Administration on their plans, and on how we can ensure that there is consistency in this partnership?
On defence alliances, can he give an update on the progress being made towards spending 2.5% of gross domestic product on defence?
Secondly, the partnership commits to increasing economic and trade co-operation, partnership working on energy, and work on science, technology and innovation.
Will the Foreign Secretary elaborate on the levels of investment that he expects to be made, and on what work is under way within Government and with the private sector to facilitate that?
What discussions are under way with our international partners to boost the contributions that they are making?
Thirdly, can the Foreign Secretary give an update on the further steps being taken to isolate and undermine Putin and Russia, including responses to the use of North Korean troops fighting for Russia?
Does he expect to announce further sanctions and activities to mobilise assets, to fund the rebuilding of Ukraine?
Fourthly, the partnership refers to commitments to
“combatting foreign information manipulation and interference”
in article 7.
Will the Foreign Secretary give an update on how that will work in practical terms, and on the steps being taken to prevent and combat Russian interference in other countries, including Moldova, Romania and Georgia?