I thank the Minister for her answer and welcome today’s announcement.
Given that young people’s experiences of homelessness differ considerably from those of other age groups across all countries in the UK, will the Minister commit to addressing their needs specifically in the homelessness strategy that is coming up?
My hon.
Friend makes a really important point about the impact on children and young people.
It is an absolute scandal that nearly 160,000 children are in temporary accommodation, and we are determined to ensure that the Government’s long-term strategy addresses the underlying issues affecting youth homelessness.
We are working with mayors, councils and key stakeholders, including in the charitable sector, to get us back on track to ending homelessness.
I call the shadow Minister.
St Mungo’s has reported a 27% rise in rough sleeping in London under this Government compared with the same period under the last Government.
Will this Government commit to removing the ringfences that they have introduced around the homelessness prevention grant, heeding councils’ calls to give them back the flexibility they need to get rough sleepers and homeless households into accommodation and avoid the cost shunts they impose on council tax payers?
I thank the shadow Minister for his question.
The fact is that this Government are investing record amounts of funding to tackle the root causes.
That requires action on prevention, and we are working with councils to ensure that we address those underlying causes.
We have inherited a mess—record levels of homelessness and rough sleeping—and we are determined to get a grip on it.
That means action on prevention as well as addressing the impact of homelessness and rough sleeping, and that is what we are determined to do.
One strategy that councils use to address homelessness is to move homeless households elsewhere in the country.
That can be an appropriate response, but it needs to be done in consultation with the receiving authority.
Does the Minister share my concern that Labour-led Rushmoor council is using the standards procedure to attack its own members for bringing this legitimate matter of concern to public attention?
The shadow Minister will be aware that the shortage of housing is driving out-of-area placements.
I am very happy to come back to him on his specific example, but the Deputy Prime Minister has written to councils setting out their responsibilities and that out-of-area placements should be a last resort.
We will continue to work with councils to support them as they deal with the challenge of the underlying problem, which is the housing shortage and the crisis that has been left behind.
We are determined to ensure that we get a grip by providing the support they need with funding, as well as the 1.5 million homes that this Government are determined to build.
If she will make an assessment of the potential impact of the English devolution Bill on local public services.
If she will make an assessment of the potential impact of the English devolution Bill on local public services.
The English devolution Bill will strengthen public services by delivering local government reorganisation and establishing more directly elected mayors, who will have the new power to convene public services.
The Bill will also deliver a new health improvement duty for strategic authorities, and enable more mayors to take on responsibility for police and crime commissioner functions, and health functions as well, to co-ordinate better on local public services.
Beyond mayors, the White Paper reasserts the role of local authorities as leaders of place and the delivery arm for the Government’s missions.
The catastrophic impact of the level of debt left behind by the previous Conservative council is being felt all over Thurrock.
Our services have been cut to the absolute quick, and delivery for residents is at an all-time low.