The Government recognise that excessive concentrations of second homes impact on the availability and affordability of homes for local residents to buy and rent, as well as on local services.
From April, councils will be able to charge a council tax premium of up to 100% on second homes but, as the hon.
Gentleman will know, we do not think this is enough.
We are considering what additional powers we might give local authorities to enable them to better respond to the pressures they face.
I am encouraged by the Minister’s reply.
Towns and communities in my constituency, such as Coniston, Hawkshead, Pooley Bridge and a whole range of other beautiful places, have so many second homes that up to 85% of properties are not lived in for most of the year, meaning that the very survival of those communities is under serious threat.
The Government have done a number of things, including talking about  short-term lets being a separate category of planning use.
However, will the Minister agree to look at also making second homes a separate category of planning use so that we can prevent these beautiful places from becoming ghost towns?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, the previous Government consulted on making short-term lets a different use class, but did not consult on second homes becoming a use class.
As part of our wider consideration about the additional powers we might give local authorities, I am more than happy to have a conversation with him.
I understand that the pressures in his part of the world are particularly acute because of both second homes and short-term lets.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the UK shared prosperity fund on local communities in Northern Ireland.
The UK shared prosperity fund supports people, businesses and communities across Northern Ireland, and is an important part of this Government’s local growth funding.
The Department is committed to evaluating the impact of the fund, including in Northern Ireland.
The UKSPF evaluation strategy is a publicly available document setting out our approach, and the Department is committed to publishing ongoing evaluation findings, as they become available.
The voluntary and community sector in Northern Ireland has said that the reduction in shared prosperity funding available in the next financial year, coupled with the increase in employer national insurance contributions, presents a perfect storm at a time when even more is being asked of it.
Will the Minister agree to meet me, members of the Northern Ireland Council for Voluntary Action and representatives of the voluntary and community sector to discuss those issues?
We inherited a situation in which the previous Government had not made any money available for that work.
I have no doubt that the transition year creates significant challenges for local organisations.
I have visited the hon.
Gentleman in South Antrim before and met representatives of some organisations, and I would be delighted to do so again.
Meur ras, Mr Speaker.
Cornwall’s allocation from the shared prosperity fund is good news and well needed.
The Government are reworking the outcomes for the shared prosperity grants, and councils such as Cornwall are awaiting the memorandum of understanding for the grant before they can make agreements with providers.
Ongoing schemes need certainty, as employees with three-month notice periods are relying on the contracts, and the old SPF scheme expires on  31 March .
Will the Secretary of State confirm—
Order.
That must obviously be connected to Northern Ireland when we look at it.
I know that local authorities from Northern Ireland to Cornwall are interested to know their allocations, information about which was made available to them in recent weeks, and that some have concerns about making spending commitments.
The money is there and has been committed, but my officials are working—they have had conversations directly about Cornwall—to ensure that local authorities have the confidence to make those commitments, so that we do not see 90-day redundancy notices.