Friend’s question and to see her back in her place.
She is right to commend the work of her constituents in offering their homes to Ukrainian families, as many of our constituents are doing.
Three years into this war, it is important that we commend their efforts.
Under pillar 9, which is about the strong people-to-people links that exist across the country, we are working with the Premier League and the British Council to help young people in Ukraine to develop the skills, education and confidence needed for them to be assets in society, and to promote the power of the English language.
Over time, I hope we will see the power of the Ukrainian language in our country and our schools.
I find myself thanking the right hon.
Gentleman for the second time in quick succession for his gracious recognition of the work done by his Conservative predecessors, including me.
I am reminded of conversations I have had with President Zelensky and, particularly, Prime Minister Shmyhal about our collective desire that when the scars and pain of the conflict have diminished, the bond of friendship between the UK and Ukraine is maintained.
To that end, what can the Government do now to make it easier to de-risk some British-based businesses and potential investors going to Ukraine to start the rebuilding work now, in preparation for that glorious day when  Russia is ejected from Ukraine sovereign territory and the Ukrainians can properly start to rebuild their homeland once again?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman.
As he knows, friendships can exist across the House, and I have greatly valued his over the years.
I put on record my thanks for the work he did; I know this partnership was first mentioned in a meeting he had with the former Member for Welwyn Hatfield and I am pleased to be able to take that work forward.
The idea he mentions is a good one.
He will be pleased that one of the things that flowed from the Prime Minister’s trip to Ukraine is the possibility of such a delegation to Ukraine, perhaps led by a Business Minister, at some point in the future, when it feels safe to make such a visit.
That will mean we can assess the opportunities, which go well beyond Kyiv.
A huge industrial base existed in Ukraine before the war.
There are huge opportunities because it is “the bread basket of Europe” and because of the innovation present in the country, which a lot of people do not realise, that has led to one of the biggest drone industries on the planet.
I welcome the Foreign Secretary’s statement and his announcement that the UK will continue to do all it can to keep Ukraine in the fight in the face of Putin’s unlawful war of aggression.
He mentioned sanctions.
Will he update the House about what discussions he has had with international counterparts on seizing and repurposing Russian state sanctions, to the tune of the £300 billion held in G7 countries, to finance Ukraine to keep it in the fight?
That was a very good question.
I reassure my hon.
Friend that the subject remains under active discussion with our colleagues, particularly in Europe.
We have made progress in relation to interest.
We recognise that more funds need to be found to keep Ukraine in the fight.
There are differences of opinion about the lawfulness and legality of doing this, and the implication for the markets particularly at this time.
Those discussions are live and active, and I was with the Weimar group of not just Foreign Ministers, because Prime Minister Meloni and Chancellor Scholz were there as well, discussing these very issues just before the Christmas break.
It is welcome to hear that this partnership agreement is a binding treaty.
As such, it contrasts with the Budapest memorandum, which was non-binding and not worth the paper it was written on.