How is that fair?
The shadow Secretary of State will know that our mandatory housing targets were based on affordability and were introduced to ensure that people are able to get the houses they desperately need.
His Government removed the mandatory housing targets, we saw speculative development, and they failed, year on year, to deliver the housing that this country desperately needs.
We are going to deliver the houses where they failed.
What steps she plans to take to reform the leasehold system.
What steps she plans to take to reform the leasehold system.
What steps she plans to take to reform the leasehold system.
What assessment she has made of the potential merits of abolishing residential leaseholds.
What steps she is taking to ensure that not-for-profit freeholders are accountable for their management practices.
By the end of this Parliament, this Labour Government will have finally brought the feudal leasehold system to an end.
On  21 November , I made a detailed written ministerial statement setting out how the Government intend to honour that manifesto commitment, including the steps we will take to implement reforms to the system already in statute.
Every week my constituents in Poole, many of whom are retired, contact me with their concerns about the leasehold properties they live in.
They are worried about excessive service charges, unfair ground rent, and exit and event fees.
Can the Minister reassure them and me that the Government will tackle those problems once and for all, and will do so as a matter of priority?
I sympathise with the plight of my hon.
Friend’s constituents.
With regard to service charges in particular, we know that opaque and unaffordable charges are putting leaseholders and tenants across the country under immense strain.
The Government are  committed to improving service charge transparency and making it easier to challenge unreasonable increases.
In the coming months, we intend to consult on how the provisions in the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Act 2024 relating to service charges and legal costs should be enacted, with a view to bringing those measures into force as quickly as possible thereafter.
Many of my constituents cannot afford to buy their freeholds under the current leasehold legislation.
When does the Minister think the legislation to ensure that leaseholders can enfranchise easier, cheaper and quicker will come into force?
I fully appreciate the desire of my hon.
Friend’s constituents to take advantage of the provisions in the 2024 Act that will make it cheaper and easier for existing leaseholders in houses and flats to buy their freehold.
Unfortunately, we discovered on assuming office that the previous Government had passed the Act with a number of specific but serious flaws that prevent certain provisions, including those relating to enfranchisement valuations, from operating as intended.
We need to fix those flaws through primary legislation, and we intend to do so at the earliest possible opportunity.
Earlier this month, together with about 40 Labour MPs, I met the managing director of FirstPort.
I raised the case of 90-year-old Tom, who lives in a retirement complex in Bingley in my constituency.
Like many of the residents whose stories we shared, he has been hit by extortionate service charges that have risen way above inflation.
Does the Minister agree that stronger regulation of managing agents is needed to protect pensioners like Tom and others in leasehold flats from unaffordable housing costs?
We are very much aware that some managing agents provide a very poor quality of service to people like Tom and leaseholders across the country.
Managing agents play a key role in the maintenance of multi-occupancy buildings and freehold estates, and their importance will only grow as we transition towards a commonhold future.