Will the Minister meet me, the Communication Workers Union and posties to discuss the matter in regard to new builds?
Hear, hear!
Not least with a view to making myself the most popular Member of the House, I will happily do so.
On Friday, I met the leader of Wiltshire council, who asserts that the way the Government have calculated the distribution of compensation between in-house and commissioned services means that Wiltshire has not fared well in the local government settlement that was announced on  18 December .
Will the Minister meet me so that I can better understand the thinking and relay it back to the leader of my council?
We know that local government is feeling the pressures after 14 years that did not bode well for local and public services.
We understand the pressures associated with national insurance, which is why the Treasury has committed £515 million to support councils in that endeavour.
I am more than happy to meet the right hon.
Gentleman about his particular circumstance.
Are the Government considering compensation schemes for homeowners who have suffered financial losses due to reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete in their properties?
If so, I am especially interested in the Barnett impact for the Scottish Government of any such scheme, as I have constituents from Tillicoultry whose lives have been seriously impacted.
As my hon.
Friend alluded to, RAAC is a devolved matter.
The responsibility for ensuring that buildings are safe is, of course, that of the owner, but we keep RAAC under active consideration in case any support is needed.
I draw the House’s attention to my entry on the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
At Teignbridge district council, I oversaw the commencement of council house building for the first time in 30 years.
Will the Secretary of State meet me and others to discuss what can be done to make it easier for other councils to build more council homes?
I commend the hon.
Gentleman for that work.
We want councils to be able to contribute to council housing.
I will happily get the Housing Minister to meet the hon.
Gentleman.
I welcome the Government’s tripling of the emergency housing budget, but one of my constituents is about to be made homeless because debt incurred as a teenager means that she is not eligible for social housing.
Are the Government willing to look at that?
I am sure that they do not think that debt should be a reason for homelessness.
I am very happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss the case.
He will be aware that we are acting as quickly as possible to support local authorities to provide the necessary support to those affected, such as his constituent.
Many residents of West Suffolk who live in new build homes put up with management companies that fail to do the basic things expected of them, from sorting out roads and planting trees to maintaining shared spaces.
They often pass the buck to the developers, who pass it back again.
What plans have the Government to get to grips with these cowboy companies?
As I made clear in a previous answer, we remain committed to protecting residential freeholders on these estates from unfair charges.
This year, we will consult on implementing the consumer protection provisions in the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Act 2024, which will cover up to 1.75 million homes subject to those charges.
We intend to bring the measures into force as quickly as possible.
I am more than happy to discuss the matter further with the hon.
Gentleman.
As my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State has said, there are 160,000 children in temporary accommodation, and in many cases the definition of “temporary” is being stretched to breaking point.
Does she agree that the Government’s homelessness strategy needs to look specifically at the outcomes for children who have experienced long-term or repeated spells in temporary accommodation?
I absolutely agree.