Shockingly, eight years on from Grenfell the Scottish Government have spent less than 10% of the £97 million received from the UK Government for dealing with cladding in 2020.
Does the Minister agree that the Scottish Government have dragged their feet on this for far too long and must act now to make these buildings safe?
I agree that remediation has been too slow.
This Government are laser-focused on speeding up the remediation of dangerous buildings, and I encourage the Scottish Government, for which this is a devolved matter, to increase their efforts, as we are, to up the pace of remediation in Scotland.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Does the Secretary of State agree that everyone should be treated equally and be seen to be treated equally before the law, including planning law?
I do not know where the shadow Secretary of State is going with this, but yes, I think people should be treated equally.
Great.
Why, then, is it that the Secretary of State, the Foreign Secretary, the Home Secretary and the Prime Minister have all intervened in the planning application for the Chinese super-embassy, overriding the wishes and concerns of local residents, the local planning authority, the Metropolitan police, the security services and, most likely, the incoming US President?
These are live issues, but the security of our country and nation always comes foremost, and that is always what this Government think of first.
Constituents of mine in High Green were told that a social housing repair project for their home would take 12 weeks.
The project has now been ongoing for 64 weeks, with contractors leaving the works in a disgraceful condition.
I welcome the Government’s boost to the building of more social housing and the extra £350,000 of homelessness funding announced for Sheffield this week.
How does the Minister plan to empower local authorities to ensure that contractors deliver social house building and repairs to a high standard and on time?
All social housing tenants deserve to live in decent homes, to be treated with fairness and respect and to have their problems quickly resolved.
Under the Regulator of Social Housing’s safety and quality standard, housing associations and councils must provide an effective, efficient and timely repair service for their homes, including setting timetables for completion and clearly communicating with residents.
As my hon.
Friend knows, we will also introduce Awaab’s law and a new decent homes standard to set the minimum quality that social homes must meet.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Recently, a 1-acre site in Corfe Mullen in my constituency was sold.
It was a house surrounded by lots of beautiful gardens, and I think the House can see where this is going.
The neighbours raised the alarm that the trees were going to be taken down.
They flagged it with the council, which did not see a problem, and a week later, in the dead of night, the developers brought chainsaws and destroyed every bit of nature on the site.
Will the Minister commit to bringing forward legislation to auto-protect trees above a particular size or age in their planning reforms, so that developers do not get away with environmental vandalism?
Protections are already in place, but if the hon.
Lady wishes to write to me with further details of that particular case, on which I do not have the full information to allow me to comment now, I will endeavour to look into the matter more carefully and to provide her with a full response.
More than 600 households across Luton are living in temporary accommodation, with families scattered across hotels and bed and breakfasts waiting for homes to become available.
The previous Government’s inaction on housing has made that painful wait even longer.
It takes nearly a decade for a four-bedroom property to become available in Luton.