We want to ensure that we avoid criminalising the most vulnerable, while also ensuring that the police and local authorities have the tools they need to make communities feel safe.
We are currently considering our next steps.
Will the Government look at redefining affordable housing in national policy so that it is pegged to average local income rather than at the whim of an overheated housing market?
We did make changes to some of the definitions around affordable housing in the recently revised national planning policy framework, by separating out the definition of social rent, but I hear the hon.
Gentleman’s concerns.
I will certainly bear them in mind as we develop policy.
For fire safety remediation works for buildings over 11 metres, there is a cap on non-cladding costs and leaseholders are given 10 years to pay remediation costs.
However, my constituent in a building under 11 metres has been informed that he may have to pay costs within 12 months because the freeholder is a housing association and because of restrictions around credit and debt.
Will the Minister meet me to resolve the issue and allow some flexibility?
I would be very happy to take that meeting.
We approach buildings under 11 metres on a case-by-case basis to seek a solution.
I am happy to do so with my hon.
Friend.
Bathford village shop and café has become a lifeline for local people in my Bath community, but it is at risk of losing its premises.
The £150 million community ownership fund was crucial to sustaining these local assets.
Will the Minister comment on the future of the community ownership fund?
The community ownership fund came to an end with its round in December; the previous Government, of course, left no future funding for it.
The hon.
Lady knows that we have made a significant commitment around the community right to buy and a significant commitment around local growth funding.
Future ownership funds will be a matter for the multi-year spending review in the spring.
It was freezing over the weekend in York.
Despite working with North Yorkshire emergency accommodation services, I was unable to find accommodation for a very vulnerable constituent of mine.
Will the Minister ensure that in the homelessness review we hold local authorities to account and that no resident’s case is put in the “too difficult to manage” box?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that deeply troubling set of circumstances.
We will not only ensure an immediate response through the funding that we are providing, but ensure that we bring to our cross-Government strategy the perspectives and experiences of those who are affected.
The Planning Inspectorate has overturned the democratic decision of Walsall council and decided to allow a battery energy storage system to go ahead at Chapel Lane in my constituency, a green-belt site in a historical open space.
As this creates a dangerous precedent, will the Secretary of State clarify whether we will see more of this under her new policies on the grey belt?
The right hon.
Lady will appreciate that we cannot comment on live or concluded decisions, as to do so would prejudice them.
Our policy on grey belt and on how grey belt is released is set out in full in our response to the NPPF consultation.
Recently, I visited the Royal Mail delivery office in Huyton.
Posties spoke to me about serious problems with low-level letterboxes, including bad back and joint issues and an increase in  bad dog attacks.
One postie even showed me scars across his hand from a dog attack.
Will the Minister meet me, the Communication Workers Union and posties to discuss the matter in regard to new builds?
Hear, hear!
Not least with a view to making myself the most popular Member of the House, I will happily do so.