Friend will agree that it was disgraceful that the Tories decided to play politics last week and tried to vote down this vital Bill, which would have denied renters the protections they deserve.
Recent data shows that 75% of private rented sector properties in Blackpool have damp or mould, leaving tenants to suffer unacceptable conditions.
I welcome the Renters’ Rights Bill, which will introduce a decent standard for homes in the private rented sector.
What steps is the Department taking to ensure that councils have the resources they need to enforce those standards?
I am sorry to hear of the experience of many of my hon.
Friend’s constituents.
Most private landlords provide a good service to their tenants, but for the few landlords who fail to take reasonably practicable steps to keep their properties free from serious hazards, local councils will be able to issue fines of up to £7,000.
That will allow local councils to target their enforcement effectively on the small minority of irresponsible and criminal landlords.
Late last year, Bradenham parish council in my constituency contacted me, concerned that the National Trust, which owns a high number of rental properties in the village, is leaving them empty and not putting in new tenants to avoid the burdens that the Government are placing on landlords.
Does the Secretary State agree that there is a balance to be struck here, and what advice can she give areas such as Bradenham, which faces being an empty village?
The Government have taken action.
We will ensure that empty homes are brought back into use.
We make no apologies for asking that homes are of a decent and safe standard.
People should be able to live in their homes without the risk of hazards that are dangerous to their health.
In my constituency, one of the big challenges for the private rented sector is the need to house families who are in temporary accommodation.
It is very often a five-year tenancy; sometimes it is longer.
Such families really should not be in these sorts of homes, which are often overcrowded, leading to damp and mould, whatever the best intentions of the local authority that housed them.
In order to improve standards across the board, will my right hon.
Friend pledge to ensure that we are pushing for much-needed affordable social rented housing, so that those tenants can move into it, and other private tenants can move into these homes, which will then be improved?
My hon.
Friend is right: 160,000 children and families were in temporary accommodation at Christmas.
We need to build the social and council homes that we desperately need so that people have a home for life, and stop local authorities spending huge sums of money on temporary accommodation that does not help the life chances of those young people.
During the last Parliament, I visited a family in Stanton Hill in Ashfield who lived in a private rented property.
It was disgraceful: the property had damp, electrical problems and flooding.
Not only was the property covered by the landlord licensing scheme; the landlord was the leader of Ashfield district council.
Will the Secretary of State please remind council leaders that if they or their councillors rent out private properties, they should be held to a higher standard?
The hon.
Gentleman highlights an issue across the board: we do not have decent homes standards.
We want to introduce them in not just the social rented sector but the private rented sector.
We have seen far too many situations where tenants are too frightened to come forward with mould, damp and health issues in their properties.
We have to ensure that those standards are upheld.
It does not matter who it is or where it is; people should have safe, secure homes.
What steps she has taken with Cabinet colleagues to increase the supply of affordable housing.