That must obviously be connected to Northern Ireland when we look at it.
I know that local authorities from Northern Ireland to Cornwall are interested to know their allocations, information about which was made available to them in recent weeks, and that some have concerns about making spending commitments.
The money is there and has been committed, but my officials are working—they have had conversations directly about Cornwall—to ensure that local authorities have the confidence to make those commitments, so that we do not see 90-day redundancy notices.
What steps she is taking to support local authorities on using high street rental auctions to help regenerate town centres.
I am very excited that high street rental auctions are capturing the imagination of local communities and colleagues in this place.
A common view for all of us is that vacant shops are a blight and that high street rental auctions are a great tool with which to tackle them.
We are working with some early adopters, but I encourage all local authorities to come forward and be active in this space.
As of  15 January , we have made a £1.5 million fund available to support the delivery of those powers across the country.
Crewe town centre, in my constituency, is in desperate need of “new year, new me”.
For too long, we simply have not had the tools at a local level to tackle the irresponsible, absent landlords presiding over empty shop units.
For example, the old M&S unit is owned by an absent landlord who has left that crucial anchor unit in our town centre to go to rack and ruin.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we can remove the obstacles to bringing that crucial unit back into use?
I am sad to hear about Crewe’s experience, but I know it is shared up and down the country.
Crewe has a proud record in the retail space and I believe it can have that again, but as my hon.
Friend says, the right tools and powers must be assembled to make that happen.
I would be very happy to meet him.
He is slightly unkind, because he knows that Crewe town centre was the site of my biggest personal and professional embarrassment, some 17 years ago.
Provided I am still allowed back in, I will very gladly meet my hon.
Friend.
Rickmansworth high street in my constituency is a thriving hub for the community, supported by its fantastic local businesses.
Having spoken to many of those dedicated business owners, I know the challenges they face.
What steps is the Minister taking to support local authorities in delivering initiatives, such as high street rental auctions, to help high streets like the one in Rickmansworth?
We are aware that with new responsibilities for local authorities come new costs.
Local authorities want to spend their money as effectively as possible, so we have made £1.5 million available, including to the hon.
Gentleman’s local authority, to ensure that they have the capacity to make these powers a reality.
What steps her Department is taking to help improve housing standards in the private rented sector.
We will deliver on our promise to transform the lives of millions of renters through our landmark Renters’ Rights Bill, which will make renting fairer, more secure and more affordable by banning no-fault evictions, ending bidding wars and extending Awaab’s law to protect private tenants.
I am sure my hon.
Friend will agree that it was disgraceful that the Tories decided to play politics last week and tried to vote down this vital Bill, which would have denied renters the protections they deserve.
Recent data shows that 75% of private rented sector properties in Blackpool have damp or mould, leaving tenants to suffer unacceptable conditions.
I welcome the Renters’ Rights Bill, which will introduce a decent standard for homes in the private rented sector.