We want to learn lessons from the data that comes out of it to see whether we need to take further steps.
We think that the matching service will allow registered providers and developers trying to offload section 106 units to come together to see if agreements can be reached.
What plans her Department has for local government reorganisation in Devon.
On  16 December , I wrote to all councils in two-tier areas and neighbouring smaller unitaries, including in Devon, to set out plans for a joint programme of devolution and local government reorganisation.
Later this month, I intend to formally write out to those councils on the shortlist to ask for interim proposals by March and fuller proposals later in the year.
We will confirm that as soon as possible, because we know it is important to have clarity.
Obviously, any reorganisation will impact council finances.
My constituency of North Devon has coastal towns with real pockets of remote deprivation, isolation and poverty.
Now that the Minister’s Department has cut the rural services delivery grant, what methodology will be used to ensure that local government funding does not overlook those areas?
With respect, the hon.
Gentleman is conflating two entirely separate issues.
One is reorganisation, which will take money away from the back office and put it on the frontline where people can see the benefit of that investment, but to be absolutely clear on rural services, the provisional settlement that was laid out ensures that primarily rural councils get an average increase of 5%, and no council sees a net reduction in its income levels.
That is our commitment to rural communities, and it is firm.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests as a serving councillor on Bournemouth, Christchurch and Poole Council.
Many councils have already undergone significant reorganisation, from moving to shared services right the way through to full unitarisation, and the costs of that have always been underestimated.
Although transformation leads to lower long-term revenue costs, we know that councils everywhere are teetering on the edge, so finding funds to pay for reorganisation, transformation and redundancies will be problematic.
The mayoral authorities add an extra complication, so can the Minister confirm that funding from central Government will be provided to fully cover both devolution and local government reorganisation, so that councils do not have to factor extra costs into their 2025-26 and 2026-27 budgets or risk reducing local services further?
The Government are not requiring any area to reorganise.
What we did was write out and invite proposals to be submitted, and I pay tribute to councillors across the country for the leadership they have shown in putting those proposals forward.
Investment to support LGR or devolution will follow a bit later,  but to be clear, this is a bottom-up reorganisation being requested by local councils, and they have our full support in that process.
What steps her Department is taking to work with the devolved Administrations to support people sleeping rough in winter 2024-25.
Funding for homelessness services in England is increasing next year by £233 million, taking the total to a record £1 billion.
This will help prevent rises in the number of families in temporary accommodation and in rough sleeping.
Today, I have announced the tripling of emergency winter pressures funding from £10 million to £30 million.
Housing and homelessness is a devolved responsibility, but we engage with devolved Administrations on a regular basis to share best practice and inform our cross-Government strategy on homelessness, which is being chaired by the Deputy Prime Minister.
I thank the Minister for her answer and welcome today’s announcement.
Given that young people’s experiences of homelessness differ considerably from those of other age groups across all countries in the UK, will the Minister commit to addressing their needs specifically in the homelessness strategy that is coming up?
My hon.