We do not know for how long it will be needed; it is for Ukraine to decide at what point and in what way to have any form of talks with Russia, and Ukraine will continue to need support from its friends even after Putin’s barbaric, illegal war comes to an end.
We have always said that we want to see a just and lasting peace, but our priority right now, together with our allies, is to put Ukraine in the strongest possible position to achieve that.
Three things are clear.
First, Ukrainians want to live at peace with their neighbour.
They did not provoke this war, whatever the false claims of the Kremlin or its army of bots online, but now that Putin’s mafia state is preying on them, they are fighting back courageously.
Their cause is just: quite simply, the freedom to choose their own future.
Secondly, Putin shows no sign of wanting peace.
He could end this war tomorrow by withdrawing from Ukraine, yet he insists that the war will not end until he has achieved his objectives—objectives that amount to the subjugation of the Ukrainian people.
That is no basis for meaningful dialogue, and Putin’s actions speak far louder than his twisted words: inhuman strikes on civilians on Christmas Day, dispatching North Korean troops to the frontline, and wave after wave of attacks on the brave people of Ukraine.
Finally, Putin’s position is not one of strength.
The invasion has been a monumental strategic failure, and pressure is mounting.
Russia’s casualty rate is staggering, the highest number of military casualties that the country has suffered since the second world war, and Russia is more insecure than it was before the war—and for what?
Russia gained some territory last year, yes: fields and small settlements, left barren by relentless bombardment, and taken at a rate so slow that the Russians would need a century to conquer all of Ukraine.
Meanwhile, their economy struggles increasingly to sustain the war through this year alone.
Spiralling inflation is making basic goods such as butter unaffordable, welfare cuts are hitting the most vulnerable, and interest rates have been hiked to a record 21%.
We are approaching the third anniversary of this conflict, and, as the Prime Minister said in Kyiv, we must not let up now.
Putin hopes that the world lacks his resolve, and we need to call his bluff to prove him wrong.
This is not simply a moral necessity, although I know that the whole House has moral clarity on the righteousness of supporting Ukraine.
It is also a strategic necessity for Britain and our allies.
If Putin wins in Ukraine, the post-war order founded in great part by my predecessor Ernie Bevin, which has kept us all safe for more than eight decades, will be seriously undermined.
Foundational principles of sovereignty and territorial integrity will be shaken, and a more dangerous world will result.
That is why the Government will not falter, it is why the Prime Minister travelled to Kyiv, and it is why we stand firmly with Ukraine, today, tomorrow, and for generations to come.
I commend this statement to the House.
I call the shadow Minister.
May I start by joining the Foreign Secretary in welcoming the release of Emily Damari yesterday?
Our thoughts are with her, with her family and with all the hostages at this time.
I associate those on this side of the House with the Foreign Secretary’s comments.
I am grateful to the Foreign Secretary for providing advance sight of his statement.
For nearly three years the House has stood united and steadfast in our support of the people of Ukraine.
We admire their determination, courage and bravery in the face of such horror, terror and brutality being inflicted on them, and our hearts bleed for the pain, the loss and the suffering that Putin has caused through his illegal war and invasion of a sovereign country.