Does he expect to announce further sanctions and activities to mobilise assets, to fund the rebuilding of Ukraine?
Fourthly, the partnership refers to commitments to
“combatting foreign information manipulation and interference”
in article 7.
Will the Foreign Secretary give an update on how that will work in practical terms, and on the steps being taken to prevent and combat Russian interference in other countries, including Moldova, Romania and Georgia?
There will continue to be difficult days ahead for the people of Ukraine, but their fight for freedom is a just cause, because they are not only fighting to free their country from Putin’s aggression; they are fighting for our values and freedoms, too.
That is why we must continue to stand by them, and to make sure that this partnership is a success and gives Ukraine hope for a brighter future.
Slava Ukraini!
I am grateful to the right hon.
Lady for her words, which underline the bipartisan support in this House.
It was very useful for me to be in Washington DC with the Defence Secretary last May, when we underlined to colleagues across Capitol Hill that here in the United Kingdom this remains a bipartisan issue.
It is a great indication of what we can achieve in this Parliament on matters of the greatest concern.
On the right hon.
Lady’s last point, she will understand that today is inauguration day and it would have been a bit pre-emptive to have had discussions with the incoming Administration on the security guarantees and on Ukraine’s path to NATO.
She knows that we set out an irreversible pathway to membership at the NATO conference when we came into office, and that remains the position.
She also asked me about the security pillar, and that is important.
Helping Ukraine to reach NATO’s standards, particularly across its military structures, to support Ukraine’s irreversible path to NATO membership, is something that we in this country take very seriously.
Ukraine has defended itself resolutely in cyber-space in the face of Russian aggression, and the UK has been proud to support that defence, both in Ukraine and also in the next-door country.
The right hon.
Lady mentioned cyber.
I was in Moldova seeing the work that we fund, which began before we came into power.
It is good, hugely important work, and when we see the interference across the region in Romania and Georgia, the importance of this work is underlined even further.
The right hon.
Lady rightly talked about the maritime context and strengthening our maritime capabilities.
Working with Ukraine to protect Black sea security is essential to its future security and prosperity.
Some 49% of Ukraine’s pre-war trade went through the Black sea, and I might say that that is why, for a substantial period of history, Russia has wanted total control of much of the Black sea.
Through the agreement, we will work together to ensure the safety of trade in the Black and Azov seas through joint naval tasking and de-mining activity, which will be hugely important once this war comes to an end.
More broadly, it is important for me to be absolutely clear on the issue of third-party support.
I raised concerns with my Chinese counterpart when I was in China on  18 October  about the supply of equipment to Russia and the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea’s relationship with Russia.
The right hon.
Lady knows that I went on to designate companies that we saw dealing with that dual-use technology.
The direct participation of DPRK troops in combat operations is another dangerous expansion of Putin’s illegal war against Ukraine and further proof that he has no interest in peace.
We have also imposed sanctions on a number of Iranian individuals, on  10 September  and again on  18 November , including Iran Air, in response to Iran’s transfer of ballistic missiles to Russia.