We have to ensure that those standards are upheld.
It does not matter who it is or where it is; people should have safe, secure homes.
What steps she has taken with Cabinet colleagues to increase the supply of affordable housing.
Our plan for change sets out that the whole of the Government are committed to the biggest increase in social and affordable housing in a generation.
The previous Government failed to take social and in particular council housing seriously.
I am determined to put right that wrong.
We have already taken decisive steps, including an injection of £500 million into the affordable homes programme, our consultation on the rent settlement and reforms to right to buy.
We will set out more details in the spending review.
After 14 years of Conservative Government, Ealing council has thousands of families waiting for a council home and has an affordable housing programme that it does not have the money to deliver.
A report from Southwark council released on Sunday found that 71% of councils will have to delay or cancel house building projects.
Will the Secretary of State look at ways to finally make local councils’ housing budgets sustainable so that we can build the affordable homes that my constituents in Ealing Southall desperately need?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
Since taking office, we have set out a series of measures to support councils to increase their capacity, confidence and motivation to invest in new homes.
We are providing £450 million to councils to house some of the most vulnerable in society through the local authority housing fund, as well as injecting an additional £500 million into the affordable homes programme to deliver 5,000 new homes.
We are helping councils borrow from the Public Works Loan Board at a reduced cost until the end of 2025-26.
We need a steady supply of affordable homes as well as homes in the private rented sector.
Further to the question by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mid Buckinghamshire (Greg Smith) , it is easy to sound morally righteous while demanding ever higher standards, but if the housing market is wrecked, ultimately it will be the tenants who pay.
Will the Secretary of State answer my hon.
Friend’s question and tell us how she will ensure that the private rented sector remains investable so that tenants have somewhere to live?
A balance has to be struck.
People needs homes that are safe.
Is the right hon.
Gentleman saying that they do not want to provide homes of a decent standard?
The majority of landlords provide that decent homes standard, and it is a few who do not.
Where they do not, they need to be held accountable.
What discussions she has had with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on using local growth funding to help increase economic growth.
What discussions she has had with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on using local growth funding to help increase economic growth.
Local growth funding is crucial to our growth mission and to tackling regional inequalities.
The Government will set out a refreshed approach to local growth funding at the multiyear spending review in the spring.
That will end the beauty parades and short-term decision making and put local communities in charge of their own destiny, just as we committed to at the general election.
Ilford is a hub of regeneration, offering opportunities to independent businesses in new spaces such as Mercato Metropolitano.
Ilford has thousands of small and medium-sized businesses that make our high streets more vibrant and offer choice to locals.
What are the Government doing to support those businesses so that they can thrive on our local high streets?
As has been a theme of earlier questions, revitalising our high streets is a priority for this Government.