I am more than happy to sit down with the hon.
Gentleman and have a further discussion about it.
Last week I met a young dad at Derby City Mission who had been sleeping rough until he used its Safe Space night shelter.
He was then able to move into one of its bedrooms, and he had just been informed that there was a home for him to move into: another step towards having somewhere his son can visit him next Christmas.
Will the Minister consider whether that stepped model could be used to help more rough sleepers become ready for permanent accommodation?
I thank my hon.
Friend for sharing that excellent example of the vital work of Derby City Mission.
I am pleased that it received £272,000 of Government funding through the night shelter transformation fund, to help people off the streets and into their own accommodation.
The Government’s investment of nearly a billion pounds will allow partners to develop vital services for those in need, and we will draw on those lessons.
The hugely increased housing target for East Hampshire gets further skewed by the extent of its overlap with a national park.
Will the Housing Minister meet me to discuss our unusual situation and the case for having two separately set housing targets?
There are issues in such cases, particularly around the data that is available, and we are in conversation with the Office for National Statistics about that.
I am more than happy to meet the right hon.
Gentleman to discuss it further.
Residents in Oakwood, which is part of the city of Derby, are concerned about the impact that potential development on the last field adjoining Chaddesden wood would have on the rich biodiversity of this designated local nature reserve.
What steps are Ministers taking to ensure that we meet our much-needed housing targets while protecting nature and historic woodlands?
Ancient woodland and ancient and veteran trees are already strictly protected in national planning policy, while tree preservation orders safeguard individual trees or groups of trees of particular value.
It is for local planning authorities to apply the protections effectively as they have principal responsibility.
I am more than happy to discuss that further with my hon.
Friend.
My constituents, particularly in Great Glen, have just experienced devastating flooding.
Under the last Government, we opened up the flood recovery framework so that they could get grants to protect themselves.
When will they be able to access that money under this Government?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that these decisions are taken on a case-by-case basis, generally depending on the extent of damage from floods.
We will look at that closely.
I would be willing to talk to him to ensure that the accountability is there.
Tomorrow, it will be 1,000 days since the repeal of the Vagrancy Act 1824 was given Royal Assent, yet that outdated, vindictive and utterly ineffective Act is still driving people away from the support they need and into an already overloaded courts system.
There is no need for a replacement as existing antisocial behaviour laws are sufficient.
May I urge the Minister to please drop the peculiar and cautious civil service group-think?
We are 201 years on.
Will she advise when the commencement of the repeal will happen?
The Vagrancy Act is antiquated and no longer fit for purpose.
No one should be criminalised for sleeping rough on the streets.
We want to ensure that we avoid criminalising the most vulnerable, while also ensuring that the police and local authorities have the tools they need to make communities feel safe.
We are currently considering our next steps.
Will the Government look at redefining affordable housing in national policy so that it is pegged to average local income rather than at the whim of an overheated housing market?