Lady knows that I went on to designate companies that we saw dealing with that dual-use technology.
The direct participation of DPRK troops in combat operations is another dangerous expansion of Putin’s illegal war against Ukraine and further proof that he has no interest in peace.
We have also imposed sanctions on a number of Iranian individuals, on  10 September  and again on  18 November , including Iran Air, in response to Iran’s transfer of ballistic missiles to Russia.
I want once again to thank the Foreign Secretary, the Defence Secretary and the Prime Minister for willing this partnership into life.
As chair of the all-party parliamentary group on Ukraine, I fully support all nine pillars of the agreement, as I am sure all members of the all-party group do.
Pillar 4 deals with the economy and trade, and there are many things we can do now to deepen and strengthen our trade relations with Ukraine, one of which involves joint ventures.
What work will be done to remove insurance barriers and trade barriers, for instance, to give access to kindred or joint venture partnerships between UK and Ukrainian companies in all areas, including defence?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for all his work on the all-party group.
He will be pleased that there are active conversations on this very issue at this time.
He will know, too, that because of some of the changes that my right hon.
Friend the Defence Secretary has made on procurement, we are doing all we can to assist trade in Ukraine, as complicated as that is at this moment.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I associate myself with the Foreign Secretary’s remarks on the release of Emily Damari, and I thank him for advance sight of his statement.
I welcome the Prime Minister’s commitment last week to a 100-year partnership with Ukraine, and today I am thinking of those in Ukraine who have faced 35 months of continuous conflict since Russia’s illegal invasion in 2022.
I am also thinking of the many communities across the UK that have welcomed thousands of Ukrainian families since that time.
The courage and resilience of our Ukrainian guests has been matched by the solidarity and generosity of British communities.
Cross-party support for our ally Ukraine has been unwavering.
I assure our Ukrainian allies that we will continue to support them, for in the face of expansionist Russian aggression and threats to democracy, Ukraine’s fight is indeed our fight.
Yet today is a critical juncture, for a man who described Putin’s invasion of Ukraine as “genius” will today become President of the United States, while his vice-president has advocated for a deal that would reward Russia with the territory that Putin has seized, so I welcome the Foreign Secretary’s statement that the Ukrainians must have the freedom to choose their own future.
In that context, what initial contact has the Foreign Secretary had with the incoming US Administration about Ukraine?
What assurance can he give the House that the US will stay the course and not press Ukraine to capitulate to Russia?
If the Foreign Secretary is unable to give that assurance, will he agree that we must redouble our efforts to work with our European allies to secure Ukraine’s future and our own security?
I welcome the Prime Minister’s tour of Ukraine and eastern Europe last week, but it leaves some questions that I now put to the Foreign Secretary.
What new actions and investments will the UK take to support security in Europe?
How will the UK demonstrate the strengthened leadership in the joint expeditionary force that our European partners expect?
And did the Prime Minister raise with our allies the support expressed by Members across this House for mobilising the frozen Russian assets held in the UK and Europe to support our Ukrainian allies?
We must stand with Ukraine for the long haul.