Beyond mayors, the White Paper reasserts the role of local authorities as leaders of place and the delivery arm for the Government’s missions.
The catastrophic impact of the level of debt left behind by the previous Conservative council is being felt all over Thurrock.
Our services have been cut to the absolute quick, and delivery for residents is at an all-time low.
Although I welcome the impact that devolution will have on growth and value for money, what reassurances can the Minister offer that devolution will finally give us the chance to turn the page and deliver where it matters for my constituents?
That is a shared ambition.
The Government are determined to take power away from Westminster and put it into the hands of local communities.
We know that driving better outcomes and better public services rests on fair funding, and for too long councils have been impoverished, while more expectations have been placed on them.
The funding reforms we are consulting on will be part of rebuilding the foundations, but this is a very significant project to get power away from this place to local communities.
English devolution provides a generational opportunity to unlock the potential of towns such as Nuneaton.
I thank the Minister for his time and support in ensuring we get these options right.
Will he continue to meet me and council representatives to discuss the best options for unlocking growth and opportunity in Nuneaton?
I thank my hon.
Friend and the many other MPs with whom I have had meetings to talk about devolution—at the last tally, about 140 one-to-one meetings with MPs have taken place, such is the interest being shown in devolution for the right reasons.
I am more than happy to continue those conversations and to welcome the local leadership being shown.
I draw the House’s attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Several Mid Leicestershire villages such as Glenfield, Birstall and Braunstone town are extremely anxious at the prospect of being forced into a large city unitary as a result of the English devolution Bill.
Will the Minister agree to meet me to discuss this matter, and will he give my constituents the assurance that they will not be forced into a city unitary against their wishes?
It is important to say that any requests for local government reorganisation are proposed to Government by the local areas.
It is for the Government to provide the process by which those applications are heard.
Over at least the last four years, local authority elections have been postponed countless times to allow reorganisation to take place.
To be clear, there is a bottom-up approach for both the postponement of elections and the boundaries that are drawn for the unitaries.
Our job is to ensure that the process supports that approach.
I want to ask about the interaction between the planning reforms and devolution, which are two huge bits of legislation.
In Tunbridge Wells we have a local plan, but we have been asked when we do our new local plan to have a 66% increase in houses.
Except, we will not have a new local plan because Tunbridge Wells borough council will cease to exist—it will become part of the West Kent unitary authority.
How will these two huge reforms interact and what will it mean for housing numbers in Tunbridge Wells?
In a sense, a council is only an organisation at a point in time, but there will always be a local authority responsible for the area.
We want to ensure that the authority is strategic but also takes that wider view.
Reorganisation is of course part of that, but, importantly, a strategic authority can also take wider responsibility for aligning public service reform with local growth.
The hon.