An impressive number of workstreams have fed into it—AUKUS, the SDR, the resilience review and so on—but there was no mention of the National Security Council.
Can my right hon.
Friend tell me what he is doing to ensure that there is a coherence across the strategy that will herald a cultural change in how this country faces security?
I thank the Chair of the Joint Committee for his question.
I should have said, in response to the shadow Foreign Secretary, that I hope to reach a resolution with the Committee soon on the matter of appearances before it.
I am always happy to appear before the Committee, if invited.
The Chairman of the Joint Committee is quite right to say to the House that publishing strategies is one thing, but there must be follow through.
The difference between this and some other documents produced is that it is a whole-system approach, looking at sovereign capability, international  alliances and making our country a harder target for our enemies.
All three of those must be brought together and followed through in a systematic way.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The Liberal Democrats welcome the publication of the Government’s national security strategy, because we recognise that we are living in a world that is less stable and more insecure now than at any time since the end of the cold war.
Putin’s forces continue to wage their war in Ukraine, the middle east is teetering on the precipice of a fully-fledged regional war, and the actions of the United States under an unreliable President Trump are putting an enormous strain on the post-war settlement from which we have benefited so much.
The nature of the threats we face continues to evolve, as has become immensely clear to millions of people across the country with the recent cyber-attacks on Marks and Spencer and the Co-op, and in other countries we have seen attempts by authoritarian states to meddle in free and fair elections.
That is why we welcome so much of what is contained in the strategy.
It is also why the Liberal Democrats have welcomed the Government’s decision to increase defence spending to 2.5% of GDP, although we have urged Ministers to go further.
Given the new NATO target of 5% of GDP, will the Government now urgently convene cross-party talks to establish a consensus on how to get there?
We need to show our adversaries we are serious about that commitment.
The strategy also has a welcome focus on resilience, something especially important given not just the scale of the threat we face but its varied nature.
Will the Minister look at steps taken by our allies such as Estonia to inform their populations about how to deal with those threats, should they arise?
To reflect the threat posed to our democracy by hostile actors, will he make protecting our democracy a national security priority?
I also note the importance that the review places on sovereign independent capabilities.
Is that an admission from the Government that, under President Trump, the United States is no longer a reliable ally?
Will the assessment be carried over into defence procurement, where we look to maintain an inextricably close bond with the United States?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her comments.
Let me try to go through some of the issues she raised.
She is absolutely right to draw attention to the importance of the recent cyber-attacks on Marks and Spencer, the Co-op and the legal aid system.
They show what both state and non-state actors can do, and they show how important it is that we strengthen our cyber-capabilities and our cyber-defences as much as possible.
In terms of being serious, the actions we have taken so far since the election show that we are serious.
We have a plan in place to increase defence spending to 2.5% of GDP this Parliament.