Let me make it clear that any sanctions on UK parliamentarians are wrong, and there is no place for them.
The paragraphs he refers to set out some of our position on China.
As I have said, the Foreign Secretary will, however, make a broader statement on the China audit immediately after this statement.
I repeat again what I said in my opening remarks: our approach to China will be guided by protecting our security interests, which we will always do robustly, but also by promoting our economic interests; we do have an economic relationship with the second biggest economy in the world.
I thank the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster for his statement, which is another firm example of this Government’s top priority of keeping residents safe.
As the nature of warfare is changing, may I once again gently raise the importance of health security, and lobby for Harlow to be the new home of the UK Health Security Agency?
I believe my hon.
Friend is due happy birthday wishes, so let me take that opportunity, and thank him, too, for his tireless campaigning for locating the laboratories in Harlow.
The facilities are an important capability for the United Kingdom.
A decision has been awaited for some years; I am not ready to announce it today, but people will not have too long to wait before it is announced.
The national security strategy document outlines an expanded meaning of national security to include areas such as food security.
If food security is national security—I certainly agree it is—we need to increase domestic production instead of cutting support for farmers and increasing our reliance on imports from the other side of the world.
Will the Chancellor outline how the national security strategy will be used to change policy at the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs?
The Government agree that food security is important.
Our farmers, food producers and food retailers have been burdened with far too many increased costs and delays in recent years, but the recent sanitary and phytosanitary agreement we reached with the European Union will lift that burden.
That will be good news for food producers in the UK, who will be able to grow and sell their magnificent produce with much greater ease than in recent years.
It is vital that the UK has robust defences against biological incidents, accidents and attacks.
What steps are the Government taking to invest in our biosecurity, and how that will help to protect our country from the range of bio-threats that we face?
There is a £1 billion investment in biosecurity.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for DEFRA has been able to announce only today new investment in critical resources at Weybridge as part of that.
I welcome today’s national security strategy, which bears a remarkable resemblance to every single one I have seen over the past 15 years.
There have been only very slight adjustments over that period; I wonder whether there is any connection  between the authors, or whether it is just that the officials have not changed, so the politics has not changed.
However, one thing that really has changed over that period is technology, and the document I have seen this morning has very little connection to the democratisation of technology that we have seen in Ukraine’s warfare in Russia or between Israel and Iran—or, indeed, in warfare we might see waged against us by the switching off of electronic items, including solar panels and cars by the Chinese state.
I have great respect for the right hon.
Gentleman, and I thank him for his question.
He is absolutely right to draw attention to the importance of technology, which I mentioned in my opening remarks.