Questions should be short and punchy—quick, quick.
What steps is the Minister taking to stop the killing of Palestinians, and to recognise the state of Palestine?
It is important to recognise that in our country, at Sizewell and at Urenco, uranium is enriched at between 3% and 5%.
The International Atomic Energy Agency has found 60% enrichment in Iran.
Iran cannot have a nuclear weapon, and we are doing all we can diplomatically to get a negotiated settlement on that problem.
Of course, we continue to press for aid to the Palestinians.
Ministers have collectively restated their commitment to a two-state solution in the Israel-Palestine conflict, but only one of those states is currently recognised.
I believe there is support in this House for recognition of Palestine, and that if the matter were put to a vote, that support would be expressed.
Would that not strengthen Ministers’ hand, and will they bring the issue to a vote?
We have discussed these issues many times.
Earlier, an hon.
Friend asked me why, when Ministers say things at the Dispatch Box, they do not happen.
The view of this House on the question of a two-state solution is clearly very important, but it is the job of Foreign Office Ministers to try to make it a reality in practice, through diplomacy.
Does the Minister join me in welcoming the ceasefire between Israel and Iran announced by President Trump, and although the situation clearly remains fragile, does he see an opportunity to restore stability and develop a diplomatic solution to Iran’s nuclear programme—one that ensures that Iran never has access to nuclear weapons?
Yes, I do.
Earlier this month, the US President ordered the brutal Immigration and Customs Enforcement raids in Los Angeles, and called those protesting against these raids “paid insurrectionists” and “criminal invaders”.
A few days later, a gunman assassinated Democratic politician Melissa Hortman.
In recent months, figures associated with the  US President have spread disinformation and polarising rhetoric via social media, even targeting a Government Minister.
I am sure that the Secretary of State agrees that this level of political violence—
Order.
This is topical questions; I have to get other people in.
Questions are meant to be short and punchy.
Please, let us now hear a quick answer from the Foreign Secretary.
Just as the hon.
Gentleman would not expect members of Congress or the Senate to comment on domestic issues in our country, I am not going to stray into domestic issues in the US.
It remains the closest of allies.
I pay tribute to the Foreign Secretary and his team for all their diplomatic efforts on de-escalation in the middle east.
With the rules-based order under enormous strain, upholding international law and multilateral institutions matters more than ever.
It is almost a year since the International Court of Justice handed down its judgment on the illegality of Israel’s occupation of Palestine.
Given that senior Government Ministers received advice last year on the implications of that judgment for the UK, when can we expect the Government’s response?
I recognise the appetite in the Chamber to hear more about the ICJ advisory opinion.
It was a far-reaching and complex judgment, and we are taking our time with our response.
What practical steps can the Government take to support women and girls in Afghanistan who, after a period of being encouraged to liberate themselves, are now cast back into domestic servitude?
This is an incredibly important question.
As I think some in the House know, I negotiated with the Taliban when I was an official.
It is a source of incredible personal frustration to me that the situation in Afghanistan for women has got worse and worse as the months have drawn on.
The Taliban need to change course, not just on the rights of women, but for the viability of their economy and their country.
I thank the Minister for the Indo-Pacific, my hon.