National security means strong supply chains, controls on immigration, tackling online harm, energy security, economic security and border security.
It transcends foreign and domestic policy, and it all plays a role in how we make Britain a safer, more secure and more sovereign nation.
This document provides the blueprint of how this fits together.
The strategy brings together everything we are doing across the full spectrum of national security: the commitment to spend that 5% of our domestic economic output on national security by 2035, meeting our NATO commitments once again; the over £1 billion we are investing in a new network of national biosecurity centres; how we are stepping up in areas such as cyber capability; our anti-corruption strategy to counter illicit finance; the expansion of our legal and law enforcement toolkit; the largest sustained investment in our armed forces since the cold war; our plan for defence investment to unlock real benefits for working people; how we will prioritise NATO explicitly in our defence planning; a vision for not only deepening our alliances with the United States and the European Union, but growing our relationships with other emerging nations; the money we are investing in our brilliant research and development base over the coming years, such as the £750 million for the supercomputer at the University of Edinburgh; and  our ambition to gain a competitive advantage in cutting-edge technologies and to embed national security in our artificial intelligence agenda.
We do not underestimate the size of this task.
The world is a more dangerous place than at any time since the end of the cold war, yet it is also a place where Britain’s values, capabilities and alliances can make a positive difference.
Since we came to power, we have taken step after step to prepare Britain for what lies ahead: record investment in defence, backing our allies, and resisting the false choices put before us that would only have weakened our country.
Today’s strategy represents an important contribution to all that work.
It recognises that our long-term growth, prosperity and living standards all depend on national security becoming a way of life for people and businesses in the UK.
This is a plan for how we protect the British people.
It is a plan for today’s times, but rooted in long-held values.
It is a plan to defend our national interests, deepen our international alliances and increase our sovereign capabilities, and I commend it to the House.
I call the shadow Foreign Secretary.
I am grateful to the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster for advance sight of the statement and of the strategy.
Protecting our country from internal and external threats to keep the British people and our interests safe is the No.
1 priority for any Government.
As a former Home Secretary, I have seen at first hand the incredible efforts of our security and intelligence services to keep us safe.
So much of their work will never be disclosed, but I know that the whole House will join me in thanking them for all they do, alongside our police, counter-terrorism operations, the armed forces and all those who work so hard to keep Britain safe.
His Majesty’s Opposition will always work constructively with the Government in the national interest, especially in the current global climate when threats are increasingly complex and multifaceted.
Iran, China, Russia, North Korea, non-state terrorist actors and transnational criminals all pose a significant threat to us all.
That is why we welcome actions that build on the measures we put in place in government, including our National Security Act 2023, which gives us increased oversight of adversarial action and introduced the foreign influence registration scheme.
The statement and the strategy refer to the three pillars of security at home, strength abroad, and increasing sovereign and asymmetric capabilities, and I will take each in turn.