With reference to recent events in Iran, how is the Foreign Secretary utilising our relationship to involve the Saudi Government in our de-escalation efforts in the region?
I have found it hugely beneficial to be able to speak to His Highness Prince Faisal so closely over the last few days, at the outbreak of this crisis and then again in the last 48 hours.
We stay in close touch, and Saudi Arabia is a key ally.
Of course, we were worried about how the situation would affect regional allies like Saudi Arabia.
There is so much that we can do together, not just on security, but on trade.
Our trade has grown by 70%, and we remain committed to growing our total trade to £30 billion by 2030.
The creation of the Abraham accords was one of the achievements of the first Trump Administration, and the President of the US has said that he aims for the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia to join those accords.
What are the UK Government doing to encourage that process, and what preconditions does he believe Riyadh has for joining the accords?
The right hon.
Gentleman raises a good question.
We should remember when thinking about  7 October  that one of the objectives of Hamas was to tear apart the prospects of normalisation in the region.
Notwithstanding the horrors and pain of the crisis in the region over these last months, the Abraham accords and Israel’s changed relationship with so many Gulf partners in particular, but also other Muslim countries, are important to keep hold of.
We continue to discuss these issues, but there are no prospects until we get to a ceasefire.
What steps his Department is taking to provide assistance to British nationals impacted by conflict in the middle east.
The safety of British nationals is our first priority.
We are providing support and advice to more than 1,000 British nationals as they seek to leave the region by land and air.
We have deployed teams to Israel, Cyprus, Egypt and Jordan.
Our embassy in Tehran has been temporarily withdrawn but continues to provide support to British nationals in Iran remotely.
We have bolstered teams in neighbouring countries to support British nationals seeking to get to safety.
When Israeli airspace opened yesterday, we ran our first RAF evacuation flight, and I can confirm to the House now that we will fly another today.
British nationals in Israel, including the daughter of my constituents, remain concerned about their safety.
The advice has been for British citizens to make their way to Egypt via the border, but there have been some reports that the Israeli Government have suggested those journeys would be unsafe.
Can the Minister clarify the advice to British citizens in that situation?
Travel advice is the best source of advice for British nationals in Israel.
There are options for leaving by land, as my hon.
Friend’s constituents are aware.
There are now options for leaving by air as well, but, as he and the whole House will understand, the flow of flights out of Israel remains limited.
British  nationals in Israel will want to make their own judgments about whether they want to wait for a flight or make a land journey, and my officials are available to advise every constituent on the options before them.
Two of my constituents are currently in Tehran, but they say that fuel shortages, long queues and poor internet access, as well as closed airspace, have made it almost impossible for them to leave Iran.
They urgently need clear guidance, they need a way to formally register their presence, and they need consular support, which they are struggling to access.
Will the Minister urgently meet me to ensure that my constituents get the assistance they need from the Government to come home safely to Eastbourne?
I am, of course, very happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman.