How many more children need to die before something changes?
As I have said, the Foreign Secretary has raised these issues with both his American and Israeli counterparts, and I have done the same.
We remain steely in our focus on the situation in Gaza, including the tragic scenes around the deprivation of aid and the impact that is having on civilians right across the strip, including children.
We are trying to take every measure we can to reduce that suffering.
That includes aid where it can be brought in; aid into the region, where that is the most appropriate way to reach the medically vulnerable; and in a few small cases ensuring that Gazan children can access medical assistance here.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The humanitarian situation in Gaza simply cannot continue.
We have spent a lot of time in this House discussing the extent of that situation and the fact that food and essential supplies are not getting through to support innocent victims.
What proposals has the Minister put to Israel about the opening of specific crossing points for aid delivery into Gaza?
Will he give his assessment of why the Israeli Government may not be listening to this country and our Government on this particular issue?
The disagreement that the Israeli Government have is not simply with the British Government; it is with a wide range of their partners.
As the right hon.
Lady is aware, we signed a statement with 26 partners about the humanitarian situation.
We made a leader-level statement with France and Canada.
There is wide disagreement with the approach that the Israeli Government are taking in relation to aid distribution.
At the weekend, the Foreign Secretary discussed these matters, including entry points, with the Foreign Minister of Israel.
We would like to see the Israeli Government shift position.
It is clear, for the reasons that she says, that that shift must come urgently.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
On Thursday, I received a message from Mohammed, an NHS doctor with family in Gaza.
He wrote:
“My 16-year-old nephew was missing for five days after heading out to retrieve humanitarian aid at a location announced by Israeli forces.
We found him dead yesterday; his body mutilated, eaten by stray dogs.
He died alone.
No one could reach him or others like him in time.
He was only a boy who desperately wanted to get food for his starving family.”
On  10 June , the Minister sanctioned two Israeli Ministers who advocated for the blockade of Gaza, noting that that would not remove Hamas or ensure that the hostages were released.
But nothing has changed.
What further steps are the Government taking today to signal to the Government of Israel that the UK will not stand idly by while children in Gaza are starved, denied medicine or killed as they seek food for their families?
The hon.
Gentleman shares with the House a heartbreaking story.
I know that it is one of thousands of such stories about lives lost in Gaza.
The situation is intolerable, and we will continue to take further action.
As I have said, my right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary raised this matter with the Foreign Minister on Sunday.
Clearly, there have been significant developments in the middle east since  10 June .
This is now the time for Israel to implement a ceasefire and to allow aid in; for Hamas to release hostages; and for us to try to draw a line under the horrifying suffering of Mohammed and many others like him.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the UK’s involvement in the Security Action for Europe initiative.
This Government are strengthening ties with our European allies to deliver mutual benefits for our prosperity and security.