This is now the time for Israel to implement a ceasefire and to allow aid in; for Hamas to release hostages; and for us to try to draw a line under the horrifying suffering of Mohammed and many others like him.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the UK’s involvement in the Security Action for Europe initiative.
This Government are strengthening ties with our European allies to deliver mutual benefits for our prosperity and security.
As the strategic defence review laid out, we need a resilient and competitive European defence industrial base to deliver the capabilities that we need at speed and scale.
With that UK-EU security and defence partnership now agreed, securing the UK’s swift participation in Security Action for Europe is a priority for the Government, and, of course, these partnerships complement and reinforce NATO’s role as the cornerstone of Euro-Atlantic security.
In an increasingly unstable world, working with our European allies on defence and weapons production is vital for our security and our economy.
If investment is needed, providing it should not stand in the way of the opportunity to support UK defence manufacturers, enable joint research and development and promote Britain’s strategic interests on the global stage.
What recent discussions has the Minister had with his European counterparts about ensuring that the UK has access to the Security Action for Europe fund?
I have been having regular conversations, as have the Foreign Secretary and colleagues across the Ministry of Defence and the Cabinet Office.
I was in Poland just last week discussing with our Polish allies our important collaboration.
The week before that, I was in Rome with the Weimar+ group.
These are all active and ongoing conversations and, as the hon.
Member said, they are absolutely crucial at a time of such geopolitical uncertainty.
How much funding his Department plans to provide to Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance for the 2026 to 2030 period.
We are proud to be founding partners of Gavi.
We have invested more than £5 billion since 2000 helping to immunise more than 1 billion children.
Gavi has enjoyed good cross-party support in this House and I am looking forward to updating the House accordingly.
I welcome what the Foreign Secretary has said, and I warmly welcome the Prime Minister’s repeated assurances that vaccination remains an international development priority.
Ahead of tomorrow’s high-level pledging summit, does the Foreign Secretary agree that the UK must continue to make a significant contribution to Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance to ensure that millions of children are protected from some of the world’s deadliest yet treatable diseases, such as malaria?
I am not going to anticipate the announcement that we may make tomorrow, but I am hugely grateful for the hon.
Gentleman raising this issue.
We are a proud founding member of the Global Fund and were very pleased to co-host its eighth replenishment alongside South Africa.
I look forward to making an announcement very shortly.
What recent steps his Department has taken to facilitate the seizure of frozen Russian assets.
We have renewed engagement with our allies to pursue all lawful avenues to make Russia pay for Putin’s illegal war on Ukraine.
I have engaged with G7 Foreign Ministers on this, and I look forward to speaking to partners at the NATO Hague summit later on today.
I saw for myself the impact of Russia’s barbarism in Kyiv and Chernihiv last month, and I heard directly from some of the brave Ukrainians who had been subject to war crimes in Yahidne.
There is a lot going on in the world at the moment, but what assurances can the Foreign Secretary give the House and those Ukrainians waiting to be able to go home that he is straining every sinew so that Russia pays for its crimes and war crimes?
Our support is iron-clad.
The hon.