It is a source of incredible personal frustration to me that the situation in Afghanistan for women has got worse and worse as the months have drawn on.
The Taliban need to change course, not just on the rights of women, but for the viability of their economy and their country.
I thank the Minister for the Indo-Pacific, my hon.
Friend the Member for Hornsey and Friern Barnet (Catherine West), for her support for the family of Simone White, who tragically died last year after drinking a free vodka shot in Laos.
I hear worrying reports that the hostel where that happened is due to reopen shortly under another name.
What assurance can the Minister give me and the family that everything is being done to hold those involved accountable, and to keep travellers safe from the dangers of methanol poisoning?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his hard work for his constituents.
I met Simone’s family on  14 May  and, as he is aware, I met the Minister responsible in Vientiane.
I will raise my hon.
Friend’s point today, as a result of this question.
Holyhead Towing in my constituency has vessels in the middle east, specifically in Saudi Arabia, Qatar and the UAE.
The company is keeping its crew updated to the best of its knowledge.
What official advice or guidance is available for UK maritime operators working in the region?
As I have said before, travel advice is the surest and most regularly updated advice for British nationals in the region.
We changed the travel advice yesterday for Qatar, as my right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary announced in the House.
We hope, as he has said this morning, that there will now be greater stability in the region, that the ceasefire will hold, and that British nationals in the region will not be so concerned.
Travel advice is the best place to look.
The all-party parliamentary group for Africa, which I chair, recently published its report on Africa’s just energy transition to accessible and renewable clean energy.
What assessment has the Minister made of the report’s nine recommendations, including the recommendation on reforming carbon markets so that they work in Africa’s interests, and the recommendation on ensuring that international development funding is blended with private sector funding for investment in that transition?
May I begin by congratulating my hon.
Friend on her recent elevation?
I thank her for her work on the APPG, and I assure her that we will review her report as part of our new Africa approach.
Dame Karen Pierce is one of our most senior and experienced diplomats, and I very much welcome her appointment as an envoy to the western Balkans, but since her appointment, we have heard precious little about the western Balkans from the Foreign Secretary’s Department.
Can he reassure this House that we have not lost interest in the western Balkans?
Having been to the region twice—I am going back soon, within the next six weeks—I assure the right hon.
Gentleman that we have absolutely not lost interest.
Dame Karen Pierce is at the centre of that, alongside the Berlin process, which we will host later this year.
We recently agreed the successful UK-India trade deal, but FCDO co-ordination with India on crisis diplomacy has never been more important, particularly following the recent terrorist attack, the Air India plane crash and human rights concerns, including about the case of Jagtar Singh Johal.
Can the Secretary of State explain how security co-operation and consular support are being pursued in the light of the trade deal?
May I first say how deeply shocked and saddened we all were by the devastating plane crash in Ahmedabad?
The Foreign Secretary visited India in his first month in office, and since then, we have agreed the groundbreaking technology security initiative and the free trade agreement, as my hon.
Friend said.