There is a lot going on in the world at the moment, but what assurances can the Foreign Secretary give the House and those Ukrainians waiting to be able to go home that he is straining every sinew so that Russia pays for its crimes and war crimes?
Our support is iron-clad.
The hon.
Lady will have seen our continuing package of sanctions on Russia and will recognise that this issue will be central to our discussions at NATO later on today and tomorrow.
Whether it is at the G7, NATO or Weimar+, the UK continues to lead on this critical issue, not just for Ukraine but for European security.
Will the Foreign Secretary consider further sanctions on the Russian regime for the forced deportation of Ukrainian children?
In recent peace talks, the Russian delegation proposed an exchange of prisoners of war for Ukrainian children who had been stolen from their homes, thereby equating combatants with children, who receive special protected status under international law.
Is that not horrific?
Does the Foreign Secretary share my concern that 53,000 Ukrainian children are expected to attend “summer camps” in Russia this summer, from which they are unlikely to return to their homes?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for continuing to prosecute this issue and for raising it at every opportunity.
It is a heinous crime.
We have already sanctioned some of the individuals who lie behind it.
I will not comment on future sanctions, but we are, of course, keeping this under full consideration.
It will be a topic of discussion with both Ukrainian Foreign Ministers and NATO Ministers later today.
I call the shadow Foreign Secretary.
Ukraine has bravely fought back Putin’s illegal invasion, and that is with our undoubted support.
Will the Foreign Secretary give an update on what action is under way to release the billions of pounds of frozen Russian assets?
On the subject of Russian threats and malign influence, he will be alarmed to know that the political opposition leaders in Georgia have been arrested and imprisoned this week.
What steps are the Government taking in response, and will further sanctions be considered to curtail Putin’s absolute abuse of democracy in Europe?
The Minister responsible for Europe, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cardiff South and Penarth (Stephen Doughty) , has condemned what took place in Georgia over the last few days, and I endorse that condemnation.
On the issue of Russian assets, we are engaged particularly with European colleagues who are more exposed than we are.
It has been right to allow new Governments in Europe to take their place and consider these issues, because they require some technical understanding, but we continue to press this issue, and it will be a topic at the NATO summit later today.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Over the weekend, while the world’s attention was fixed on the escalating conflict in the middle east, President Putin restated publicly his desire to conquer the whole of Ukraine and his readiness to use nuclear weapons against Kyiv.
I welcome the Foreign Secretary’s assurance that he is maintaining a focus on Putin’s barbaric war against Ukraine.
The Foreign Secretary previously told the House that Germany and Belgium were the blockers to international agreement on seizing frozen Russian assets.
Will he set out how he and the Prime Minister will raise this proposal with his Belgian and German counterparts at the NATO summit?
Has he considered replicating the EU’s proposals to extract billions of euros more from those assets by moving them into higher yielding investments?
It is important to recognise that the European Union has just come forward with a new sanctions package—its 18th.
I congratulate it on that, given that, as the hon.
Member will recognise, countries like Hungary have been backmarkers and blockers on this issue.