Our equality impact assessment will be published shortly so that she can analyse the exact pounds and pence.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of the Government’s policy on arms trade with Israel.
The UK operates one of the most robust export control regimes in the world.
One of our first acts in government was to review and suspend export licences that could be used by the Israel Defence Forces in Gaza.
We have successfully implemented that suspension and have continued to refuse relevant licence applications.
All export licences are kept under careful and continual review, and we can suspend, refuse or revoke licences as required.
The war criminals of Benjamin Netanyahu’s Government are carrying out the most vile human rights abuse and genocide.
At the same time, the UK carries out the training of Israeli military personnel and facilitates almost daily spy flights that provide intelligence, and there is continued exporting of military equipment to Israel.
With all that, will the Government support an independent public inquiry into UK involvement in Israeli military operations in Gaza?
It is important to be focused on the facts at issue.
We do not support spy flights; we have a limited presence to try and find hostages in Gaza, for reasons that the whole House would understand and support.
There are fewer than 10 IDF personnel receiving any training in the UK, and that training is academic and non-military in nature.
We are not arming Israel’s war in Gaza.
We categorically do not export any bombs or ammunition for use in military operations in Gaza.
My hon.
Friend asks about an independent inquiry.
The Government welcome scrutiny and I welcome my time in this Chamber.
On the questions at issue on arms sales, including on the F-35 programme, there is a judicial review on which we will hear findings shortly.
There is plenty of scrutiny of this Government.
Will the Government let us know what assessment they have made of Israel’s stockpile of nuclear weapons?
The hon.
Gentleman will understand why I will not comment on those issues from the Dispatch Box.
What assessment he has made of the contribution of water, sanitation and hygiene projects to achieving the Government’s international development objectives.
Our work on water, sanitation and hygiene helps deliver development objectives on global health, climate and growth.
We support eight countries in Africa and Asia to develop climate-resilient water, sanitation and hygiene services and prevent the spread of diseases, including cholera.
We are working through the World Bank and the global challenge programme on water to reach 300 million with water services by 2030.
Recent polling by WaterAid and YouGov shows that access to water, sanitation and hygiene is the No.
1 priority that the UK public want to see funded through UK aid.
That makes sense, given that water underpins global health, keeps girls in school and builds climate-resilient communities.
Does the Minister agree that it is one of the smartest and most cost-effective ways to deliver the UK’s development goals?
Without access to safe water, sanitation and hygiene, there can be no meaningful progress in any of those areas.
The hon.
Gentleman makes important points.
I had the pleasure of seeing many important water and sanitation projects in my previous career.
We are concentrating on maintaining our impact by focusing on partnerships with Governments and multilaterals, and establishing the conditions that can secure additional domestic funding and private investment in those areas.
He rightly makes the link between water and sanitation and health, and that will be considered as we approach future funding allocations.
What changes were made to the draft agreement to transfer sovereignty over the Chagos islands to Mauritius between October 2024 and May 2025.
What assessment his Department has made of the potential impact of the treaty with Mauritius on the transfer of sovereignty of the Chagos archipelago on the UK.