This is indeed an age of radical uncertainty, and the challenge to leadership in times of such change is to understand, to respond and to explain.
The British people understand this.
They recognise that we are living in a world that is more confrontational, more turbulent and more unpredictable than most of us have experienced in our lifetimes.
When the Prime Minister spoke to the House in February, he promised to produce a national security strategy that would match the scale of the task ahead.
The strategy we have published today does that, with a plan that is both clear-eyed and hard-edged about the challenges that we face.
It sets out a long-term vision for how we will do three crucial things.
First, we will protect security at home by defending our territory,  controlling our borders and making the UK a harder target for our enemies—one that is stronger and more resilient to future threats.
Secondly, we will promote strength abroad.
That means bolstering our collective security, renewing and refreshing our key alliances, and developing new partnerships in strategic locations across the world.
It also means taking a clear-eyed view of how we engage with major powers such as China in order to protect our national security and promote our economic interests, and my right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary will make a further statement on the China audit shortly.
Thirdly, we will increase our sovereign and asymmetric capabilities by rebuilding our defence industries, training our people, focusing investment on our competitive strengths, and using our exceptional research and innovation base to build up advantages in new frontier technologies.
All this will make us a stronger and more resilient country, but delivering on each commitment will be possible only if all parts of society are pulling in the same direction.
Our manufacturing, science and technology industries have to be aligned with national security objectives.
Our industrial strategy, published yesterday, will help play to the UK’s strengths and deepen our capabilities.
The investments we announced in the spending review also deepen our resilience and strength as a country, with a health service strong enough to cope, safe and secure energy supplies, modern housing and transport for our people, all of which contribute to a strong United Kingdom.
That is why it is so important that all parts of Government and businesses big and small understand that cyber-security is national security, and that our core systems and the revenues of business are being targeted by our adversaries.
It is why we as legislators have to ensure that our own laws—from borders to trade—fit with national security.
This will take a whole-system approach that reflects today’s reality.
National security means strong supply chains, controls on immigration, tackling online harm, energy security, economic security and border security.
It transcends foreign and domestic policy, and it all plays a role in how we make Britain a safer, more secure and more sovereign nation.
This document provides the blueprint of how this fits together.