He rightly makes the link between water and sanitation and health, and that will be considered as we approach future funding allocations.
What changes were made to the draft agreement to transfer sovereignty over the Chagos islands to Mauritius between October 2024 and May 2025.
What assessment his Department has made of the potential impact of the treaty with Mauritius on the transfer of sovereignty of the Chagos archipelago on the UK.
How much and what proportion of the funding due to be allocated to Mauritius as part of the agreement concerning the Chagos archipelago will come from his Department.
The Diego Garcia military base deal secures the future of the strategically critical US-UK military base.
It will protect our national security for generations and ensure we maintain vital capabilities.
It is our most significant contribution to the transatlantic defence and security partnership.
It has been strengthened since our agreement with the previous Mauritian Government and, indeed, from the deal under discussion by the previous Government.
The payments will be split between the FCDO and the Ministry of Defence, and published in the usual way.
The Opposition understand the jeopardy facing the base and the necessity of the treaty, which is why they started negotiating in the first place.
The Foreign Secretary is an old friend and the Under-Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs,  the hon.
Member for Lincoln (Mr Falconer) , is a Lincolnshire neighbour whom, in all his innocence, I regard with a degree of paternal care, so I ask this question more in sorrow than in anger.
The assumption rooted in the Government’s statements is that unless we do a deal with Mauritius, the International Telecommunication Union could decide that Mauritius is sovereign and deny access to both the US and the UK.
That is fundamentally untrue.
The ITU has no competence in that regard and it is ignored by the US already, so will the Minister confirm that that argument is entirely bogus?
This is not a deal.
This is not diplomacy.
It is a disgrace.
I thoroughly reject that statement by the right hon.
Gentleman.
He knows that I have a lot of respect for him, but I am afraid that he is completely mistaken on this.
The fact is that the courts were already making decisions that undermined our position, legally binding provisional measures could have come within weeks, affecting the operational ability of the base to function as it was, and we believe that an inevitable binding judgment would have followed.
The deal has been done and this House is now scrutinising it.
I have appeared before two Committees in recent weeks, and of course there will be further such scrutiny over the weeks ahead.
If the US wanted to launch an attack on Iran from Diego Garcia in the current circumstances, would the UK Government support it?
As the Foreign Secretary has made absolutely clear, there was no UK involvement in the US strikes on Iran.
The hon.
Gentleman will understand that we do not comment on private conversations with our allies or on hypothetical operations.
I had hoped for a more precise answer to my question.
Rather than pressing again for exact figures or a departmental breakdown, let me proceed down a related line of inquiry.
Is there any mechanism, legal or otherwise, that the Mauritian Government could use to reopen the Chagos negotiations or to request further financial or material assistance in a way that could result in additional cost to the British taxpayer?
I have set out the costs very clearly.
They average out at £101 million over the course of the deal.
That compares very favourably with, for example, what France pays for its military facility in Djibouti.
This treaty has been entered into in good faith by the UK and Mauritius, it will be legally binding, and we are absolutely clear that it is compliant with international law and all our other obligations.