Will the Minister urgently meet me to ensure that my constituents get the assistance they need from the Government to come home safely to Eastbourne?
I am, of course, very happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman.
The whole House knows that we have advised against all travel to Iran for some time, and we have been clear that our ability to provide consular assistance in Iran is very limited for those reasons, particularly given the temporary withdrawal of our embassy.
We would encourage those in Iran to be in touch with the Foreign Office, and we will provide what advice and support we can.
What assessment he has made of the potential merits of recognising the state of Palestine.
We are committed to recognising a Palestinian state at a time that has the most impact and is most conducive to long-term prospects for peace.
UK bilateral recognition is the single most important action we can take towards Palestinian statehood, which is why it is important to get the timing right, so that it creates genuine momentum and is not simply a symbolic gesture.
What is happening in Gaza is hard enough to watch, but if we are to prevent the west bank from going the same way in a few years’ time, we must act today.
Does the Minister agree that recognising the principle of a Palestinian state, without making any judgment for the moment on its borders, is the strongest and most effective way to reaffirm the UK’s long-standing commitment to a two-state solution, while there is still territory left to form it with?
The hon.
Gentleman makes important points about the situation in the west bank—points that we have discussed in this Chamber before.
We have condemned the violence and the expansion of illegal settlements in the west bank.
There are a range of issues on which we profoundly disagree with the Israeli Government in relation to their approach to the west bank, and we will continue to raise those issues with force.
I refer him to my previous answer about recognition.
Can my hon.
Friend update me on the conference that was due to be held at the weekend but was postponed following the bombing of Iran by Israel, at which the potential for recognition was to be discussed?
I think my hon.
Friend refers to the two-state solution conference that was due to take place in New York last week.
It has been suspended for understandable reasons, given events in the region, by its French and Saudi co-hosts.
We expect that it will be rearranged, and I have been in conversation with my Saudi colleagues about when that might be.
What recent progress he has made on securing the release of Alaa Abd el-Fattah.
I am committed to securing Alaa Abd el-Fattah’s release—I was committed to this before coming to power, and I remain committed now.
The Government are engaging intensively on this case.
I raise Alaa’s imprisonment every time I am in contact with my Egyptian counterpart, and the Prime Minister has raised it in several conversations with President Sisi.
I think everybody in this Chamber, including the Foreign Secretary, is desperately worried about the health of Laila Soueif, who has felt that she has no choice but to be on hunger strike since her son Alaa should have been released last September.
She is in and out of hospital, desperately ill, “dying in slow motion”, as her daughter says.
I welcome the work that the Foreign Secretary and the Prime Minister have done on this case and the commitments they have made.
As the Foreign Secretary knows, the Egyptians have remained steadfast in their objections.
Can he confirm that he is considering all options to secure Alaa’s release, including changing the Foreign Office travel advice for Egypt to highlight the risk of arbitrary detention, so that no other family is put through this kind of anguish?
This case and Laila’s condition concern me greatly.