The Government have claimed that it would not be appropriate for him as a special adviser to answer questions from the Committee.
However, in this case, it is more than clear that Mr Powell’s role as the National Security Adviser puts him in a unique position—a unique senior position—and it appears that, as the lead adviser for the Government’s national security strategy, it is only right that the Joint Committee be able to put questions to him.
Given the important issue here, and Mr Powell’s senior role and central position, will the Government finally let him give evidence to the Committee to allow it to undertake its important work?
We will always work to support the defence and security of Britain, and engage constructively with Ministers and challenge them to do everything possible to keep us safe, so I welcome the chance for these questions to be answered today.
Let me express my gratitude to the shadow Foreign Secretary for her response, the spirit in which she put her questions and her welcome for at least broad parts of the strategy we have published today.
Let me turn to the questions she has asked and try to address them.
On the resources to protect people, we made our commitment to increase defence expenditure to 2.5% of GDP.
Unlike the Conservative party, we said exactly how we would pay for that, even though it meant a very difficult choice on this side of the House.
On the FIRS scheme, the right hon.
Lady will be aware that Iran and Russia have been placed on the enhanced tier.
She asked about our approach to China.
This is a serious question and we must have a serious approach to it.
The Conservative party, during its time in government, veered between the naivety of the so-called “golden era” to, in effect, no engagement at all.
We believe that both were the wrong approach.
Instead, our approach will be marked by a desire to protect our national security and to promote our economic interests; total disengagement is not a good option for the UK, so we will be guided by both.
The Foreign Secretary, as I said, will make a fuller statement on China shortly.
The right hon.
Lady asks what might be included in the 1.5%.
It will include such things as cyber-security, border security and telecoms infrastructure.
To those who ask what those things have to do with defence, let me be clear: our opponents and our enemies know that they are part of national security, and we should recognise that, too.
Finally, we have resisted the Opposition’s pleas for us to choose between our allies.
In resisting that, I believe we have a strategy that makes our country stronger and enhances Britain’s capabilities.
That is at the heart of the strategy we put today.
Indeed, we made a conscious choice to increase investment in the country’s future capabilities at the spending review.
This will give us increased strength in the future.
The spending we have committed to is funded, it is set out in the spending review and that is the approach we will take in the future, too.
I call the Chairman of the Joint Committee on the National Security Strategy.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his statement.
I totally agree that defence and security have to begin at home, in the home and in the workplace.
This is a very welcome comprehensive national security strategy, given its wide-ranging assessment of all the threats we face, in defence, security, critical national infrastructure and so on.
An impressive number of workstreams have fed into it—AUKUS, the SDR, the resilience review and so on—but there was no mention of the National Security Council.
Can my right hon.
Friend tell me what he is doing to ensure that there is a coherence across the strategy that will herald a cultural change in how this country faces security?