I want nothing more than for the attacks on hospitals, medical personnel and aid workers to end.
My hon.
Friend is right that I have said many times from this Dispatch Box that I want that to be the case, yet these strikes have continued.
We continue to raise these issues with the Israeli Government.
We have taken a series of actions, many of which we have discussed already over the course of this morning, and we will continue to take action until things change.
Until things change, this Government will not be satisfied.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Britain is at the heart of diplomatic efforts to de-escalate the situation in the middle east.
We are clear that Iran must never have a nuclear weapon.
While at the UK, EU, G7 and NATO summits and in my engagements from the high north to north Africa, the Government have been delivering security and growth for the British people, deepening Britain’s partnerships and alliances, and addressing the ongoing horrendous conflicts in Gaza and Ukraine.
I know that this House, alongside my constituents across Bexleyheath and Crayford, welcomes the sanctions taken against two Israeli officials earlier this month.
What discussions are the UK Government holding with our international partners regarding further actions that could be taken in relation to the incitement of violence against Palestinian citizens?
My hon.
Friend will have seen that we worked with Australia, Canada, New Zealand and Norway on taking those sanctions against Ben-Gvir and Smotrich.
I cannot speculate on future sanctions, but I reassure him that we are co-ordinating with our allies.
He will know that on the issue of humanitarian aid, for example, 26 countries joined us.
I call the shadow Foreign Secretary.
Given the clear threat that Iran poses to the United Kingdom, our allies and the middle east, does the Foreign Secretary support the actions undertaken by the United States to degrade Iran’s nuclear weapons?
He will have heard that President Trump has said that Iran’s nuclear capabilities are gone.
Does he welcome that?
It was important to be alongside Secretary of State Rubio last week in DC.
We continue to work closely with President Trump, and the Prime Minister spoke to him just two days ago.
The initial assessments of those attacks in Iran are coming in, and we will assess that in due course.
Given the situation that has emerged in the middle east and the fact that the de-escalation has not taken place in recent hours, can the Foreign Secretary outline what measures he is overseeing, in what is effectively quite an urgent situation, to bring back 4,000 British nationals now stranded in Israel?
He, like me, will have received overnight a large volume of correspondence from concerned families.
What immediate steps will be taken?
I understand that another plane is being put in place, but we are now speaking about 4,000 British nationals who are clearly stuck in Israel.
I was very pleased to see that that flight came into Birmingham.
We will do all we can to work with the Israeli Government to open airspace and to continue flights.
We have a ceasefire.
I have seen, of course, that that ceasefire has been violated, and I urge all partners to keep to that ceasefire so that airspace can open up and commercial flights can resume.
Many of my constituents have raised concerns about the use of RAF Akrotiri to support Israel’s military activity in Gaza.
Given the rapidly developing  situation with Iran, can Ministers assure this House that British arms and military bases will not be likewise implicated in any further escalations of that conflict?
I cannot comment on hypotheticals, but I can assure my hon.
Friend that we will do all we can to protect our assets and our troops in the region and always to stay within international law.