As the Foreign Secretary knows, the Egyptians have remained steadfast in their objections.
Can he confirm that he is considering all options to secure Alaa’s release, including changing the Foreign Office travel advice for Egypt to highlight the risk of arbitrary detention, so that no other family is put through this kind of anguish?
This case and Laila’s condition concern me greatly.
It has been a top priority every week that I have been in office.
At every single level—Prime Minister, Foreign Secretary, Minister, National Security Adviser—we are engaged with the Egyptians.
I believe that our strategy is working, but clearly, given Laila’s health, we must see progress at pace with the Egyptian Government.
I recall the right hon.
Gentleman, before he became Foreign Secretary, asking the previous Government what “diplomatic price” Egypt had paid for the arbitrary detention of Alaa, before demanding that “serious diplomatic consequences” should be put on Egypt should it not release him.
Alaa’s mother is now 278 days into a hunger strike and is critically ill, so let me ask him this: since he became Foreign Secretary, what diplomatic price has Egypt paid, and what serious diplomatic consequences can he point to that Egypt has been forced to pay since July last year?
I can reassure the hon.
Gentleman that I remain in close touch with Laila and the family, and that this is a No.
1 priority for me and I expect to see Alaa released.
I gently remind the hon.
Gentleman that he has stood up time after time to raise his concerns about Gaza, and he will understand that if he wants the UK Government to have an effect in Gaza, we must have relations with the Egyptians.
Whether he has made an assessment of the potential merits of supporting Pious Projects’ paediatric hospital in Gaza.
We are clear that Israel must immediately allow rapid and unhindered aid into Gaza, including desperately needed medical supplies.
The UK continues to support the delivery of medical assistance through trusted partners, including UK-Med, which has completed over 500,000 patient consultations in Gaza since January 2024.
We will continue to assess how we can best support those in need.
The Foreign Secretary will understand my question, because I wrote to him on  18 June  asking if he would meet Dr Mohammed Mustafa, who has assembled a children’s hospital in prefabricated form in Jordan and is ready to go into Gaza.
It will be able to help the 400,000 children in northern Gaza who have no access to any medical facilities at all at the moment.
This is desperately urgent.
Will the Minister meet Dr Mustafa to familiarise himself with the opportunity here of doing something practical and good to help desperate children in northern Gaza?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his continued engagement on these questions.
We have discussed across the Dispatch Box many times the restrictions on aid getting into Gaza, including in relation to construction materials.
I am very happy to take a further look at this specific proposal and see if there is anything that we can do.
The al-Ahli hospital in Gaza, which is run by the Anglican church in Jerusalem, has repeatedly been bombed.
Earlier this month the hospital compound was hit, killing five people, including a father escorting his son to surgery.
The Minister has spoken much about the need for aid to get in, but will he set out what concrete action he is going to take now?
Saying that Israel must do something does not mean that it is going to act, so what action he is going to take to ensure that the attacks on hospitals, medics and patients ends?
I want nothing more than for the attacks on hospitals, medical personnel and aid workers to end.
My hon.
Friend is right that I have said many times from this Dispatch Box that I want that to be the case, yet these strikes have continued.