They average out at £101 million over the course of the deal.
That compares very favourably with, for example, what France pays for its military facility in Djibouti.
This treaty has been entered into in good faith by the UK and Mauritius, it will be legally binding, and we are absolutely clear that it is compliant with international law and all our other obligations.
When the Foreign Affairs Committee was in Washington recently, we raised the Diego Garcia deal with the Administration.
They could not have been more enthusiastic for this deal, because they recognise that it secures our strategic interests in the area.
Does the Minister agree that it is perhaps time for Conservative Members to stop playing politics with national defence?
I could not agree more.
This deal is supported by the United States, by our Five Eyes partners and by India.
It secures our national security, the security of our allies and the base well into the next century.
As I have said many times, if there was not a problem, why did the previous Government start negotiating?
I call the shadow Minister.
Labour’s surrender of British sovereignty has been welcomed by China, Russia and Iran, and now we learn that the UK will have to notify Mauritius of any military operations coming from Diego Garcia, jeopardising our national security.
Far from upholding our international obligations, this treaty is a shameful betrayal of British Chagossians, with no guarantee of access to the Mauritian-controlled £40 million trust fund and British taxpayers forking out £30 billion to subsidise tax cuts in Mauritius.
Why will the Government not allow this House a proper debate and a vote before next week’s 21-day deadline under the Constitutional Reform and Governance Act 2010?
Should we not keep the Chagos islands British and under the protection of the Crown?
Would that not be a better policy?
Half of the hon.
Gentleman’s question was rhetoric and half of it was completely wrong.
He might want to consider correcting the record on a number of points.
We do not have to inform Mauritius before undertaking military action from the base; that relates to expedition information after actions, so there is no fettering of our ability to operate from there.
The costs he quoted were simply wrong.
It is £101 million averaged over the course of the deal, and the net present value of the payments is £3.4 billion.
All sorts of wild figures have been posted around, but they do not reflect the reality.
This has been considered by the Government Actuary.
I would really have hoped, given the wide geopolitical threats that this country and our allies face at the moment, that he would come up with some more serious questions.
What steps he is taking to strengthen the UK’s relationship with the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
The United Kingdom and Saudi Arabia are historic allies with a modern partnership.
I met His Highness Prince Faisal bin Farhan immediately after the first Israeli strike, signifying the significant strength and trust in the relationship.
The Prime Minister visited Riyadh for his first strategic partnership council with His Royal Highness the Crown Prince, where he committed to an ambitious programme of co-operation and enhanced mutual prosperity.
I declare an interest as the chair of the all-party parliamentary group on Saudi Arabia.
Saudi Arabia is an important partner for trade and peace in the middle east and for the combating of terrorism around the world.
With reference to recent events in Iran, how is the Foreign Secretary utilising our relationship to involve the Saudi Government in our de-escalation efforts in the region?
I have found it hugely beneficial to be able to speak to His Highness Prince Faisal so closely over the last few days, at the outbreak of this crisis and then again in the last 48 hours.
We stay in close touch, and Saudi Arabia is a key ally.