Gentleman knows, this Government have taken a series of actions in response to developments in Gaza.
We will continue to take such actions until the situation changes.
What is the Government’s assessment of how effectively medical aid can be delivered to those in need in Gaza, including the remaining Israeli hostages?
Aid can be delivered effectively into Gaza.
There are established mechanisms through the United Nations and its partners, and we want to see those mechanisms in place.
The hon.
Gentleman raises the vital question of ensuring that the hostages themselves get sufficient access to food.
Both my right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary and I have heard directly from Eli Sharabi, a released hostage, who has talked about Hamas’s deprivation of food from the hostages.
That must stop, and they must immediately release all hostages.
My constituents have watched in horror as Israeli forces have reportedly killed more than 400 Palestinians and injured thousands more at aid distribution centres in Gaza.
Over the weekend, dozens more Palestinians were killed while trying to access humanitarian aid.
Why are the Government still permitting the transfer of F-35 components to Israel through the international pool, knowing that these aircrafts may be used in operations causing mass civilian casualties?
We have set out the reasons why the Government have had to take special measures to ensure that the F-35 programme continued to operate, which includes our continued role in the global spares pool in the United States.
However, I agree with the sentiments of the hon.
Lady’s constituents; the deaths around aid distribution centres are clearly horrifying, and there needs to be a full investigation and action taken.
Vitally, aid must get into Gaza at the scale required and from enough distribution centres in order to avoid the horrifying scenes that we have seen.
I call the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee.
We must not forget Gaza.
Despite the eyes of the world now being turned to the Iran-Israel war, it is important that we continue to remember the suffering of the Gazans and continue to move on it.
As a witness from Médecins Sans Frontières said to my Committee, there is “lethal chaos” in Gaza.
There is one read-across from the Iran-Israel war that I think we should learn from: the clear closeness between Israel and America, and the fact that America can influence Israel.
I ask the Minister to ensure that we continue to say in our conversations with the Americans not to give up on Gaza, and to use their influence to ensure that the Israelis do the right thing.
There must be peace and the hostages must come home.
This Government will not give up on Gaza.
I can confirm that the Foreign Secretary has raised Gaza in his engagements with the US.
I have not forgotten about Gaza, and was speaking to Palestinian counterparts just last night.
The situation in Gaza will remain a top priority for this Government.
Israel dealing with Hamas and Hezbollah is to be welcomed, but the continuing blockage on medical and humanitarian aid going into Gaza is not welcome.
As we continue to talk, children continue to die.
I hope that the Foreign Secretary will make it very clear that the continuation of children dying every single day is unacceptable, and that he will  stand up to the White House, the State Department and the Pentagon and to the Knesset and the current Israeli Government of Netanyahu.
These deaths are just going on and on and on.
How many more children need to die before something changes?
As I have said, the Foreign Secretary has raised these issues with both his American and Israeli counterparts, and I have done the same.
We remain steely in our focus on the situation in Gaza, including the tragic scenes around the deprivation of aid and the impact that is having on civilians right across the strip, including children.