May I first say how deeply shocked and saddened we all were by the devastating plane crash in Ahmedabad?
The Foreign Secretary visited India in his first month in office, and since then, we have agreed the groundbreaking technology security initiative and the free trade agreement, as my hon.
Friend said.
On human rights issues and the case of Jagtar Singh Johal,  I will meet my hon.
Friend  the Member for West Dunbartonshire (Douglas McAllister) , who represents the family, hopefully this week or next, when our diaries can align.
What does it say to Britain’s allies, and to our enemies, when neither the Foreign Secretary nor the Prime Minister can bring themselves to say that the strikes again Iran were right and legal?
I have spoken to Secretary of State Rubio every single week that I have been in office.
The Prime Minister and the President of the United States have the best of relationships.
That is a signal of how well our special relationship is working.
The Iranian regime hangs gay people from cranes.
It funds and arms terror groups, and arms Vladimir Putin.
A regime such as that must never have nuclear weapons.
What will the Foreign Secretary do to prevent it from ever achieving its goals?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for reminding us of the horrendous human rights record of this regime, a regime that is the worst sponsor of state terrorism in the world.
Can the Foreign Secretary declare from the Dispatch Box that an Iran with no nuclear weapons is now a more likely prospect as a result of the actions of the Israeli and American forces over the past 10 days?
I recognise the point that the hon.
Gentleman has made, but let me make this clear to him.
Once a country has acquired the ability to enrich uranium to 60%, that scientific knowledge is there and does not go away.
Ultimately, this will require a diplomatic solution.
That is what President Trump is pushing for, and that is what the UK Government want to see as well.
The postponed French-Saudi conference on a two-state solution may take place as early as next month.
Does the Minister think it will provide the significant opportunity that he seeks for us to recognise Palestine as a state, alongside UK allies?
We are talking to the French and the Saudis about their plans.
Obviously events in the middle east are moving quickly, but I recognise the force of what my hon.
Friend has said.
Cousin marriage is often used as a cover for forced marriage.
Have the Government raised the issue of the incredibly high rate of first-cousin marriage with the Pakistani Government, given that so many of those marriages are between UK and Pakistani nationals?
As the right hon.
Gentleman probably knows, I was in Pakistan recently, and we discussed a range of human rights issues.
The Foreign Secretary will be aware that Colombia and South Africa, as co-chairs of the Hague Group, have called an emergency ministerial conference in defence of international law and the rights of the Palestinian people, to take place in Bogotá in July.
Countries across the world are confirming their attendance.
Will the UK Government send a representative, and join nations around the world in standing up for international law?
My hon.
Friend will recognise that we, alongside our partners throughout the global community, continue to raise serious issues relating to the plight of Palestinians in Gaza, and of course I will look in detail at the conference to which he has referred.
Melia, Gvaramia, Badri Japaridze, Khazaradze, Zurab Japaridze and Vashadze: all six opposition leaders arrested over the last two weeks in Georgia.
What are the British Government going to do about it, and what is the message from the British Government to the Georgian people, who are suffering as a result of this huge democratic backsliding?
The Georgian people have made clear their Euro-Atlantic aspirations.