Melia, Gvaramia, Badri Japaridze, Khazaradze, Zurab Japaridze and Vashadze: all six opposition leaders arrested over the last two weeks in Georgia.
What are the British Government going to do about it, and what is the message from the British Government to the Georgian people, who are suffering as a result of this huge democratic backsliding?
The Georgian people have made clear their Euro-Atlantic aspirations.
We absolutely condemn not only those arrests of opposition politicians, but the closing down of civil society space.
I have communicated my concerns directly to Georgian Dream in recent weeks, and will be doing so again.
I wish to make a short statement about the text of the Universal Credit and Personal Independence Payment Bill.
After the Bill was published last Wednesday, a small error was spotted in the text, concerning a cross-reference between subsections in clause 5.
I am satisfied that the error is sufficiently minor to authorise a corrected print of the Bill, which will be available in the Vote Office and online after this statement.
The substantive proceedings on the Bill are not affected in any way by the change, and no matters of order arise.
Today the Prime Minister attends the opening day of the NATO summit.
That summit is expected to agree to a new commitment to grow spending on national security to 5% of GDP by 2035—to be made up by a projected split of 3.5% on core defence spending, and 1.5% on broader resilience and security spending.
This will mark a new resolve among NATO members to make our countries stronger and, as we have always done, the United Kingdom will play our part.
NATO’s member countries meet at a time when the security situation is more in flux than at any time in a generation—a time when Ukraine is in its fourth year of resisting Russia’s invasion; a time when we in Europe are being asked to do more to secure our own defences; a time when security involves not just the traditional realms of air, sea and land, but technology, cyber and the strength of our democratic society; and, as we have seen in recent days, a time of renewed military action in the middle east, with Israel and the United States acting to try to stop Iran developing a nuclear bomb.
News of a ceasefire is welcome, but as we have seen, even in recent hours, the situation remains fragile and the focus must now be on a credible plan to stop Iran developing nuclear weapons.
It is to the great pride of my party that NATO was founded in the aftermath of the second world war with the strong support of the post-war Labour Government.
Ernest Bevin, the Foreign Secretary at the time, said that
“we must face the facts as they are.
”—[Official Report,  22 January 1948 ; Vol.
446, c. 386.]
Today, in this very different age, we too must face the facts as they are.
The generation that founded NATO saw it as a powerful expression of collective security and solidarity: alliances abroad, matched by capacity at home.
Our national security strategy, published today and made for these very different times, is inspired by those same values and aims.
Every Member of this House understands that the first duty of any Government is to keep the country safe.
That is and always will be our No.
1 priority, and our national security strategy sets out how we will do that.
The world has changed fundamentally and continues to change before our eyes.
This is indeed an age of radical uncertainty, and the challenge to leadership in times of such change is to understand, to respond and to explain.
The British people understand this.
They recognise that we are living in a world that is more confrontational, more turbulent and more unpredictable than most of us have experienced in our lifetimes.