I welcome my right hon.
Friend’s focus on building up our armed forces in this more uncertain world, but is it not also vital for our national security that we focus on preventing conflict?
Bringing sides together to negotiate and mediate can stop conflict spilling over and allow our armed forces to focus on the serious threats he has identified in the national security strategy.
It is for that reason that former military chiefs, heads of the Security Service and Select Committee Chairs last week wrote a letter to  the PM calling for investment in peacebuilding and conflict prevention.
Will the Minister commit to using all the tools in our kitbag, including peacebuilding and conflict prevention, to keep our citizens safe?
My hon.
Friend is quite right to draw attention to the deep expertise that exists in the diplomatic service, which advances our national interests in a whole range of ways every day, including in conflict resolution.
I pay tribute to the work of those in our diplomatic posts and diplomatic service across the world.
If you will allow me, Mr Deputy Speaker, I will read a small quote from page 10:
“We will continue to abide by the important principle—shared by NATO and its key partners—that the security of the Euro-Atlantic and Indo-Pacific regions are inextricably linked”.
But that is not how the US views it.
The Trump Administration see them as quite separate, and would prefer the United Kingdom to focus its efforts on the Euro-Atlantic.
How does the right hon.
Gentleman explain that discrepancy?
They are inextricably linked.
While the Prime Minister attends the NATO summit today, our carrier group is in the Indo-Pacific region.
It is quite right that the strategy we have published today draws attention to our responsibilities, our ambition and our determination to act in both arenas.
I welcome this national security strategy.
Defence begins at home, and my community plays a role in the UK’s security and resilience with the HQ of Standing Joint Command in Aldershot.
We need to focus as much on national resilience as on conventional military threats, so will my right hon.
Friend share the work he has been doing on the national resilience strategy?
How does it fit with the national security strategy that is in front of us today?
My hon.
Friend is right that resilience and target hardening must be part of our national security strategy.
Resilience is about capability and investment; we are determined to do both, and will have more to say about resilience in the coming weeks.
Before the most recent election, the Intelligence and Security Committee produced a very comprehensive report on China, making it very clear that it considers China to be one of our greatest threats.
I am therefore astonished that, in the whole of today’s strategy, there are three paragraphs that deal with China, and that it raises one or two issues and then proceeds to take a different decision.
It talks about there being a problem with human rights—which is genocide—and the cyber-security attacks on the UK, as well as China’s espionage, interference in our democracy, sanctioning of people like myself and undermining of our economic security, and its being guilty of transnational repression.
China also ships arms to Myanmar, keeping that brutal regime in charge, at the same time as building the largest navy.
To what degree do three paragraphs satisfy the idea that China should surely be in the list of threats?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his question.
Let me make it clear that any sanctions on UK parliamentarians are wrong, and there is no place for them.
The paragraphs he refers to set out some of our position on China.
As I have said, the Foreign Secretary will, however, make a broader statement on the China audit immediately after this statement.