Given the rapidly developing  situation with Iran, can Ministers assure this House that British arms and military bases will not be likewise implicated in any further escalations of that conflict?
I cannot comment on hypotheticals, but I can assure my hon.
Friend that we will do all we can to protect our assets and our troops in the region and always to stay within international law.
The UN children in conflict report showed that violence against children increased by 25% last year, and that does not even include what is going on this year.
The Israeli Government are listed as the most prolific perpetrator of grave violations against children for the second year running, making Gaza the most dangerous place on earth to be a child.
What specific steps is the Foreign Secretary taking to protect children in conflict in Gaza and elsewhere, such as in Somalia and Haiti?
The hon.
Lady raises vital questions about the status of children in Gaza.
In response to one of her colleagues, I set out some of the measures that we have taken already.
Clearly, children in Gaza, like all civilians there, are under the most enormous pressure at the moment, and aid getting in is a vital next step.
Where children from Gaza are outside the region, in particular in Egypt and Jordan, we have provided support to them there.
In a very limited set of cases where specialist medical attention is possible only from the UK, we have brought children from Gaza to the UK.
Almost daily we hear reports of Israeli forces opening fire near aid distribution sites in Gaza.
People cannot even access basic food supplies without risking their lives.
Given the horrific level of suffering that we can all see taking place, is it not time to end all arms sales to Israel and to recognise the state of Palestine?
I want to reassure my hon.
Friend that we have banned the sale of arms that could be used in Gaza, and we liaise with the French and the Saudi Arabians, despite the suspension of their conference.
I think the intention is to resume in September.
At the Foreign Affairs Committee yesterday, the Minister for the overseas territories, the hon.
Member for Cardiff South and Penarth (Stephen Doughty), was unable to give clear guarantees about the future of the Chagos marine protected area once the sovereignty of the Chagos islands is surrendered to Mauritius.
Does the Foreign Secretary accept that his Chagos surrender deal does not currently secure the marine environment, and that a future environmental protection agreement may result in the UK paying even more money to Mauritius?
It is a shame that the hon.
Gentleman’s question takes that tone; I thought we had a very constructive conversation yesterday, and I took on board the points made by him and by the Chair of the Committee, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Islington South and Finsbury (Emily  Thornberry) .
I assure the hon.
Gentleman that the marine protected area is a key part of our agreement with Mauritius, and this Government are committed to protecting our oceans and natural resources globally.
Tulsi Gabbard, the US Director of National Intelligence, said in March that Iran was not building a nuclear weapon, as did the UN atomic energy agency.
However, a day before a conference on recognising Palestine, Israel decided unilaterally that Iran had a nuclear weapon, and that there was an immediate threat of attack; it therefore bombed Iran.
Israel’s illegal bombing was a distraction from the shooting and killing of starving Palestinians, and to prevent the recognition of the state of Palestine.
Can I ask the Minister—
Order.
Questions should be short and punchy—quick, quick.
What steps is the Minister taking to stop the killing of Palestinians, and to recognise the state of Palestine?
It is important to recognise that in our country, at Sizewell and at Urenco, uranium is enriched at between 3% and 5%.