They show what both state and non-state actors can do, and they show how important it is that we strengthen our cyber-capabilities and our cyber-defences as much as possible.
In terms of being serious, the actions we have taken so far since the election show that we are serious.
We have a plan in place to increase defence spending to 2.5% of GDP this Parliament.
It took a very difficult decision to do that, but at the spending review we showed exactly how that would be paid for.
On her reference to the United States, it remains a strong, reliable, deep and important ally for the United Kingdom.
The relationship between us helps to protect the British people every day.
In the absence of the published China audit, which we have all been looking forward to so much, the national security strategy has been gone through with a fine-toothed comb by many of us.
On China, it states:
“Instances of China’s espionage, interference in our democracy and the undermining of our economic security have increased in recent years.”
May we have some guidance on how we will address that, because that is not entirely clear?
In particular, what advice is being given to the nations and regions when they are dealing with our third-biggest trading partner, with whom we need to promote but also protect ourselves?
I thank the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee for her question.
If people look at page 39 of the document, they will see many references to China, and I referred to the statement that the Foreign Secretary is going to make.
On our advice to people, as I said, it is guided by the protection of our security interest and the promotion of our economic interest.
She refers specifically to the devolved Governments and the nations and regions.
We did arrange a recent security briefing for the First Ministers at the time of the recent meeting of the Council of the Nations and Regions, because we agree it is important to bring them into our thinking and help them play their role in protecting our national security interest, too.
The right hon.
Gentleman’s long experience will tell him that sometimes in government the grander the language the less significant the actual announcement.
But if on this occasion—I am perfectly prepared to accept that this is so—the Government are making a serious effort to redraw the boundaries of what is national security policy and what is not, does he agree that we need matching parliamentary scrutiny of that area of policy?
As he knows, the Intelligence and Security Committee is the only Committee with the necessary clearances to look at classified material.
Does he think that this is a good moment to look again at the memorandum of understanding between the Committee and the Government about what the Committee covers?
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman is right to say that the document is distinguished by a broader view of national security, which is also reflected in the discussion at NATO today, where we are looking beyond our core defence expenditure on our armed forces to the other things we have discussed that contribute to our national security.
I thank the Intelligence and Security Committee for its work in all its iterations over the years.
I have a good dialogue with the Committee.
I look forward to that continuing, and to the Committee playing its very important role.
I welcome my right hon.
Friend’s focus on building up our armed forces in this more uncertain world, but is it not also vital for our national security that we focus on preventing conflict?
Bringing sides together to negotiate and mediate can stop conflict spilling over and allow our armed forces to focus on the serious threats he has identified in the national security strategy.