Unfortunately for Government Members, and more importantly for the country, the Office for Budget Responsibility’s recent figures, which I know the Secretary of State struggles with, show that exports have dropped on her watch and are set to have declined again this year.
If she has a moment to spare from her leadership campaign, she might read the landmark report published by Aston University last week on the significant boost for British exports that a veterinary agreement could deliver through British farmers and the agrifood industry.
Why will she not pursue an agreement that is so obviously in Britain’s national interest?
The OBR puts out lots of figures and the Opposition cherry-pick the ones they think will be most helpful, thinking that we have not done our homework.
I encourage the hon.
Member to look at the OBR forecasts for growth for this country, which are very high, and I ask him which specific period he is  referring to.
He should look at what has happened to exports overall, not just periods including covid, which explain why we have had some drops in food exports.
I asked the Secretary of State about the veterinary agreement; I suspect no one on the Opposition Benches will be surprised that she has not shown any interest in a trade agreement that would help British farmers.
According to the House of Commons Library, under the last Labour Government exports rose by 55%, but since then exports have risen by only 32%.
Is the truth not that British exporters always do better under a Labour Government?
That is absolute rubbish.
It is not true.
The veterinary agreement that he is talking about would create dynamic alignment with the EU, which is not what this country voted for in 2016.
We are delivering what the people voted for.
Yes, there will be difficulties—we are sorting them out.
It is time that the Opposition moved on and accepted the will of the people.
What recent progress her Department has made on negotiating a free trade agreement with South Korea.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for the valuable work he is doing as the Prime Minister’s trade envoy to the Republic of Korea.
I look forward to his upcoming visit there.
He is famous for his timely interventions.
Detailed round 2 discussions on an upgraded FTA took place in London from 18 to  22 March , which provided an opportunity to conclude the exploratory phase of negotiations.
We now look forward to text-based negotiations in round 3, which is due to take place in Seoul from  24 June .
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his answer ahead of my visit to Korea next week.
Does he agree that the Indo-Pacific region offers huge opportunities for global growth, particularly as it will be home to something like half the world’s middle-class consumers over the coming decades, and therefore that upgrading this agreement is likely to bring huge benefits to the UK?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The Indo-Pacific is a vital part of the world for the UK and forms the centrepiece of our strategy going forward diplomatically and on trading ties.
He is right that the Republic of Korea will play a vital role in that.
The recently signed Downing Street accord with Korea outlines the breadth and depth of the ongoing relationship.
We look forward to the comprehensive and progressive agreement for trans-Pacific partnership coming into effect later this year, and we look forward to seeing if the Republic of Korea will apply.
I am sure  the right hon.
Member for Maldon (Sir John Whittingdale)  does a very effective job in South Korea.
I visited myself with the Digital, Culture, Media and Sport Committee a couple of years ago and saw those opportunities.
However, there is some concern about transparency around the use of trade envoys.