Friend  the Member for Wealden (Ms Ghani) , was very clear from the Dispatch Box that we obviously need a place for virgin steelmaking in the UK, and that that place is Scunthorpe.
Will he confirm that he agrees with her, and that nothing is off the table in his negotiations with British Steel?
I was pleased to visit my hon.
Friend’s constituency to meet steelworkers and British Steel management during my visits last month.
I know that she is a passionate and dedicated champion for her community and for steelworkers there.
I look forward to meeting her again next week ahead of the visit of the Secretary of State to her constituency, and to discussing these matters and others.
I call the shadow Minister.
No commitment to virgin steel from the Minister, then—what a shame.
I welcome him to his place, and note that he visited Port Talbot steelworks last week, but he failed to meet any actual steelworkers of course.
Instead of avoiding discussing the Government’s plans for £500 million of taxpayers’ money for the loss of nearly 3,000 jobs, will he please commit to meeting some Port Talbot steelworkers, and will he publish his economic assessment of the impact of the UK losing its capacity to make virgin steel—or is his actual plan to just keep his head down until the Prime Minister finally has the guts to call a general election and leave all these problems piling up for somebody else?
This Conservative Government have given more support to the steel sector than any Government before us.
When I went to Port Talbot, I was pleased to  meet steelworkers, and I will continue to do so.
I also sit on the transition board.
I will continue to support steel in south Wales and all the opportunities that the sector will bring.
What recent progress she has made on increasing levels of trade with Caribbean Community member states.
My hon.
Friend is a great champion of international trade, as the Prime Minister’s trade envoy for Mongolia.
He will be pleased to know that annual trade between the UK and the Caribbean economic community, CARICOM, in 2023 was £5.1 billion—up 11% in current prices on the previous year.
In December 2023, I represented the UK at the inaugural joint council of our economic partnership agreement, where I met representatives of CARICOM and the Dominican Republic, collectively known as CARIFORUM, underlining the importance of our trading relationship and exploring opportunities to further boost trade.
I speak as the chairman of the all-party parliamentary groups on St Kitts and Nevis, Guyana and the Caribbean.
It is an extremely important region for the United Kingdom, one of the largest concentrations of British overseas territories and Commonwealth nations in the world, with historic links with the United Kingdom, but the copy-and-paste trade deals that we have with them, carried over from the European Union, are not sufficient.
We need a more tailor-made, specific trade agreement between the United Kingdom and the Caribbean Community to ensure that some of those protectionist measures that the European Union imposed on our CARICOM friends can be rescinded.
When will that happen?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his engagement in the region, in St Kitts, the Caribbean as a whole and Guyana, which remains in all our minds at the moment given the situation on its borders.
He is right to highlight the CARIFORUM trade deal; it is a deal that the UK values, and I mentioned that we have had the inaugural meeting of the body designed to ensure that the deal has good effects on our trade with the Caribbean.
I might suggest arranging a meeting between my hon.
Friend and the trade commissioner Jonathan Knott, who I am sure would be delighted to meet him to discuss Caribbean trade possibilities still further.
What steps her Department is taking to reduce non-financial reporting requirements for small businesses.
I thank my hon.