Is there not a danger that the fast-track approvals will erode those protections?
What steps will the Government take to ensure that New Zealand absolutely upholds its commitments under the FTA?
As I said, we will continue to monitor the passage of that proposed legislation, but the hon.
Lady must recognise that the UK and New Zealand are incredibly like-minded in these areas—on climate, the environment and clean growth.
The environment chapter in our free trade agreement is one of the most ambitious in any FTA anywhere in the world.
It breaks new ground for both the UK and New Zealand in supporting our shared climate and environmental goals, clean growth, and the transition to a net zero economy.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Post Office governance is a priority for the Government, and I have said many times that it is vital  that we have the right people leading that organisation.
I am therefore pleased to tell the House that, on Wednesday, I announced the appointment of Nigel Railton as its interim chair.
Having previously been chief executive of Camelot, Nigel brings a wealth of experience of transforming organisations, and I am confident that he is the right person to lead the Post Office through this period.
Nigel Railton will take up his post as soon as possible, and will be invited to give Ministers his views on the future direction of the Post Office in due course.
When will the Government admit that their Brexit dream of people quaffing pints of wine and invoking the spirit of Churchill was always a fantasy, and that the reality is, in fact, a Brexit nightmare of border checks, reduced consumer choice and business closures?
It is nonsense to say that this reduces consumer choice; it actually increases consumer choice.
I cannot imagine why anyone would be complaining about the sale of pints of wine.
If the hon.
Gentleman does not like them, he does not have to buy them.
I know that my right hon.
and hon.
Friends in the Department have been looking into the closure of Kelsale post office, an outreach service in my constituency.
Very recently, we voted through more money to subsidise the Post Office, including £50 million for rural branches.
Will my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State make sure that that money is allocated?
I know that the Post Office is trying to cut costs, but that should not be at the expense of customers in Kelsale.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for her work on this, and she raised this important matter with me at meetings last month.
We allocate £50 million for the uncommercial part of the network, and part of that should help the services in her constituency.
I know she is disappointed at the closure of the outreach service in Kelsale, but there is an alternative permanent post office branch in Saxmundham, 1.3 miles away.
I am happy to continue the conversation between her and the post office to make sure that she gets the services she needs in her constituency.
I call the shadow Minister.
Shoplifting cost UK retailers £1.8 billion in 2023, the highest figure on record.
The Government’s £200 shoplifting threshold has effectively decriminalised this offence, which is costing businesses dear.
What discussions has the Minister had with the Home Secretary about scrapping it, as Labour plans to do, so retailers and customers are protected and high street businesses can thrive?
It is not true to say that we have decriminalised thefts under £200.
The hon.
lady needs to speak to police officers and her local chief constable to make sure she understands how this works.
I have worked very closely with the Home Office and the Policing Minister to make sure we have a retail crime action plan, which includes a vexatious offence with more severe sentences for people who assault shop  workers.