The only way of providing security is to exclude the public from this park, which is the only park for local residents.
Secondly, the National Infrastructure Commission has said that this project is undeliverable.
Will the Government please ask the members of the commission whether they have changed their minds?
Last year the National Audit Office reported that the costs had risen in one year from £102 million to £137 million.
Will the Government please ask its members whether that can be reviewed?
How will the Chancellor agree to pay running costs of between £5 million and £10 million?
I think that the Government ought to delay, do what is suggested in my early-day motion, and then report back to the House.
It might be more helpful if the Father of the House applies for an Adjournment debate.
I am sure that my hon.
Friend knows how to apply for a debate and will listen to your encouragement, Mr Speaker.
I will certainly ensure, as I do every week, that the Secretary of State has heard the issues that my hon.
Friend raises—I will feed them in.
On the matter of security, he will know that there is a working group, led by the Houses of Parliament and those in Government, to make sure that all these very important issues are looked at.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
Just when we think the Government can stoop no lower, they release a sickening detention video, using real-life trauma to show their voters how tough they are.
Who instructed the civil service to produce such a piece?
Can we have an apology from the Home Office for its appalling misjudgment in electioneering with this footage, and a debate on whether the concept of electoral purdah still exists?
If it does, who the heck regulates it?
Meanwhile, the disastrously handled Brexit border checks are causing further chaos, as predicted.
The Leader of the House may have seen the reports from the Sevington inland border facility about lorries with perishable goods, the prospect of rotting food and flowers being binned, compromised biosecurity and, of course, crashed IT systems.
We have confusion, delay and additional crippling costs—otherwise known as Brexit.
I was in the House yesterday for the statement that the Business and Trade Secretary hurriedly brought out, and she seemed to brush aside these failures to prepare as mere supply chain issues, preferring to brag about Brexit.
The thing is, her figures rely on a growth in service exports—City pals are doing very well.
Meanwhile, the British Chambers of Commerce, which knows a thing or two about the issue, describes the much-warned-of mess at Sevington as
“the straw that breaks the camel’s back”
for many UK businesses.
This is terribly serious for our small and medium-sized enterprises, particularly our farmers and fishers.
Do the Government care?
For the third time, I ask the Leader of the House for an urgent debate specifically on the Tory trade tax so that someone can be held responsible to the House for this cack-handed mess.
Will she take it up?
It seems that business questions have become nothing more than a venue for parading opinions.
As Madam Deputy Speaker had to remind the Leader of the House and the shadow Leader of the House last week, business questions are about the business of this House, so can we leave the scripted opinions on Scotland and her Government to one side for once and have a debate, in Government time, on the unbelievable mess at Sevington and its impact on the wider supply chain?
Or will she, too, just ignore this crisis of her own Government’s making, raise a laugh for her nervous Back Benchers and opine on Scotland instead—a country about which she knows little and cares less?
The first issue that the hon.