I think that is just about dawning on him.
I, too, welcome the progress on the infected blood issue.
The hon.
Gentleman knows that the Paymaster General has set out the timetable for the body to be established on  20 May .
We now have a clear timetable that I hope will give confidence to all those infected and affected by this terrible scandal.
I will certainly make sure that the hon.
Gentleman’s comments on Tata Steel are heard by the Secretary of State.
I have to break it to the hon.
Gentleman that it is not going to be Pimm’s with Penny.
I am more of a pints with Penny person.
But yes, I too have read that I am to be installed, rather like a new boiler, into No.
10 next week.
I have to say, Mr Speaker, that there is as much truth to those stories as there is to Labour’s assurances to its business community that it is not actually going to do the things that it has been saying it is going to do and has promised its union paymasters.
Let me say again that I support our Prime Minister, and I will continue to support him after this weekend and beyond, because his plan is working.
I will do everything I can to ensure that Labour does not get a chance to wreck the nation again.
The nation has chosen a new trajectory to protect its border, to enable growth, and to trade more with the world to strengthen its partnerships with allies.
Our exports are 2% above 2018 levels, and we are the fourth largest exporter overall and the largest net exporter of financial and insurance services in the world.
Trade barriers have led to a £15 billion uplift for UK businesses in the last five years, and since 2010 UK manufacturing growth has been higher than that of any other G7 nation.
We are on the right path, and we have to stick to it.
I do not want to give Labour the chance to unpick all that we have done, from Brexit to trade union reforms.
The hon.
Gentleman asked about a general election, and whether something was going to crop up.
I think that something is going to crop up.
Whether it is pensions, the NHS, rail, tax or welfare, the Labour party claims that it is going to do one thing but is planning another, and I think that the public will see through that.
It is the most audacious deception since the big bad wolf donned a winceyette nightie and asked Little Red Riding Hood to admire his upper dentures, but unlike red Riding Hood the British people have met this wolf before, and they remember that the story does not end well.
The British people remember how disastrously Labour ran our trains, and we have read this week that to improve efficiency, Labour plans to run fewer trains.
They remember MRSA-infected hospitals, and they are now seeing the unforgivable state of the NHS in Wales as it struggles with a reduced budget.
Labour is responsible for that, as it is Labour that cut the NHS budget.
They remember Labour council tax hikes for pensioners and others on fixed incomes, which constituted the largest increase in their outgoings.
In government Labour doubled council tax, and in Wales it has tripled it.
The British public will look at the council league tables, out today, and notice that the worst services are provided by Labour councils, those charging the highest taxes are Labour local authorities, and the areas with the worst crime rates are Labour-controlled; and where do we see the lowest employment rate, the smallest pay packets and the worst NHS waiting lists in the whole UK?
In Labour-run Wales.