Member for Maldon (Sir John Whittingdale)  does a very effective job in South Korea.
I visited myself with the Digital, Culture, Media and Sport Committee a couple of years ago and saw those opportunities.
However, there is some concern about transparency around the use of trade envoys.
Will the Minister confirm  to the House that under this Government no trade envoy has ever demanded and been given the use of a house for their exclusive use?
The hon.
Gentleman has slightly jumped the gun, as the next question on the Order Paper relates to trade envoys.
May I say how proud we are of the cross-party trade envoy programme, which I think he will hear about in a moment?
We think they do an excellent, good value-for-money job for the United Kingdom in promoting trade in a number of key markets.
What the travel costs of parliamentary trade envoys were in each of the last three years.
The Prime Minister’s trade envoys provide invaluable support in progressing the UK’s trade and investment agenda in 61 markets across the world.
The travel costs incurred by the Prime Minister’s trade envoys were: £63,566 for the financial year 2021-22; £226,014 for 2022-23; and £232,325 for 2023-24.
These costs were for flights, for accommodation when the official British residence was unavailable and for other sundry expenses.
There is a great deal of murkiness about the trade envoys.
I note that, in answer to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cardiff West (Kevin Brennan) , the Minister point blank refused to deny that at least one trade envoy has explicitly asked for the exclusive use of a house while acting as a trade envoy.
The Minister has point blank refused to publish the breakdown of all the trade envoys and their costs for absolutely spurious reasons.
If a Select Committee visits South Korea, for instance, all the details of the costs are published, but not if a trade envoy goes.
How can we possibly judge whether the £750,000 that has been spent so far in the past three years has been well spent?
Is there any accountability whatsoever, or is this really just a means of providing sinecures for people who are liked in Government?
Well, there is a lot of bluster there and not a few accusations.
The hon.
Gentleman may wish to try to stack these things up a bit.
It is a cross-party programme, not a Government-only programme.
Many Labour MPs, Labour peers and others are members of the programme.
Gifts and hospitality are already published in departmental registers.
If I may say so, Mr Speaker, two qualifications for this cross-party role are diplomacy and discretion, which might explain why not everybody has been asked to do it.
What recent discussions she has had with the Scottish Government on the promotion of Scottish products in overseas markets.
My Department works closely with the Scottish Government and their agencies to promote Scottish products in overseas markets.
We have recently delivered  our Made in Scotland, Sold to the World exporter roadshow in Glasgow.
On top of that, I am pleased to say that the PG Paper Company, a brilliant Scottish business, has just received an award in this year’s Made in the UK, Sold to the World awards.
The value of Scotland’s oil exports to the EU reached £9.4 billion in 2023, with total oil exports up 14.7%, so the value of oil as an export commodity cannot be overstated.
Those billions of pounds in exports can be balanced against the modest £80 million investment that would increase Grangemouth’s profitability threefold, secure its long-term future and save Grangemouth from closure.
Does the Secretary of State accept that it would be absurd for Scotland to be the only major oil-producing nation without a refinery capacity, and will she agree to meet me to discuss this matter further, given that the Scottish Government are otherwise occupied?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to raise this issue.