He will know that we have invested £25 million to roll out women’s health hubs across the country, not just to tackle backlogs but to provide information and raise awareness.
I will ensure that the Secretary of State for Education has heard what he has said today.
I call the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee.
I apologise to the House for my absence over the last two weeks.
I am glad to say that things are improving as we deal with a very difficult family situation.
The Leader of the House was kind enough to mention that the Backbench Business Committee has been allocated  Thursday 16 May , and it will be our intention to put on a debate on the parliamentary ombudsman’s report on the state pension age for women.
All Chamber slots up to the Whitsun recess are now allocated, but we still have several Westminster Hall slots to allocate for the new, improved start time of 12.30 pm on Thursdays, which seems to be working quite well.
We have three slots to allocate between now and the Whitsun recess, and we would welcome applications.
Mr Speaker, I am sure you will agree that there is no need for the hon.
Gentleman to apologise.
I hope he heard all our good wishes to him and his family while he was away.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman again for advertising the forthcoming Backbench Business debates.
The Women Against State Pension Inequality Campaign is a topic that many Members will welcome, and they will want to attend and take part.
I also thank the hon.
Gentleman for being greatly responsible for the new Westminster Hall start time, which he has also advertised today.
Transport for the East Midlands has found that 60% of drivers feel unsafe driving on the A1, and over half report either being in an accident or knowing someone who has been in one.
In 2022, there were 500 collisions on the A1, which is 26% more than on the A5 and 16% more than on the A2.
Can we please have a debate in Government time on safety upgrades to the A1?
This affects dozens of constituencies, as the A1 is the longest road in this country.
Will my right hon.
Friend also kindly advise on when we can expect to see the next review of upgrading  A roads to motorways?
This is the No.
1 issue for my constituents.
I have sat in traffic on the A1 on many a school run after appalling accidents that take one or two days to clear.
I thank my hon.
Friend for her work on this issue, which is of huge importance to her constituents, and for her diligence in consistently raising it with the Government.
She will know that the next draft of the road investment strategy, covering 2025 to 2030, will be published shortly, and I will ensure that the Secretary of State for Transport has heard what she has said today.
I also understand that the roads Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hexham (Guy Opperman) , is happy to meet her to discuss these specific concerns.
First, I thank the Leader of the House for her kind words about Lord Stunell of Hazel Grove.
We lost a wonderful friend and colleague, who, until the very end, campaigned for his community and called out injustices across the country.
My sincere condolences go to his family at this time.
We Liberal Democrats have for many years called for tougher controls on UK exports of arms to ensure they are not used in human rights abuses.
We have called for a presumption of denial to apply to countries whose Governments are listed in the Foreign Office’s annual “Human Rights and Democracy” report.
A presumption of denial would mean that the default position of the UK Government is not to permit arms exports.