That clearly opens up huge opportunities for automotive and motorsport supply-chain businesses on both sides of the pond, including General Motors.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in welcoming Andretti to the UK in its bid to get on to the Formula 1 grid, and what more can she do to ensure that automotive and motorsport supply chains can operate on both sides of the Atlantic?
I was delighted to see my hon.
Friend visit the opening of Andretti Global’s new facility in Silverstone last month.
I wish it luck as it continues its preparations to enter Formula 1.
That investment is another vote of confidence in the world-leading innovation that the UK has to offer.
Andretti Global will also specifically benefit from the MOU that we have signed with Indiana, which will enhance our trade relationship in key areas, including advanced manufacturing.
Whether UK wine companies have sought advice from her Department on preparations for producing wine in pint measures under the Weights and Measures (Intoxicating Liquor) (Amendment) Regulations 2024.
The 568 ml pint quantity is one of several changes to pre-packed wine sizes that are expected to come into force on  19 September 2024 , supporting the thriving UK wine sector by providing opportunities for innovation and greater choice.
In light of those changes, Wine GB—which represents producers—said:
“We welcome the chance to be able to harmonise still and sparkling bottle sizes and we are happy to raise a glass to the greater choice that allows UK producers for domestic sales.”
That answer is nowhere near as definitive as the press release that the Minister’s Department put out on  27 December  last year—which is still on the Government website—with the headline
“‘Pints’ of wine stocked on Britain’s shelves for the first time ever”.
That headline did not say “will be stocked”, “might be stocked” “could be stocked”, or “to be stocked”; it implied that pints of wine were, and are, available to buy right now in shops across the UK.
Will the Government admit that the reality is that there has been little to no demand for, or interest in, that supposedly glorious Brexit benefit, and that in fact it is entirely possible that pints of wine will never be stocked on UK shelves?
It is never difficult to distinguish the hon.
Gentleman from a ray of sunshine, is it?
Our wine industry is thriving, with over 900 vineyards across Great Britain.
The UK wine industry produced 12.2 million bottles of wine in 2022, and our new post-Brexit powers provide us with new options.
Those include new legislation that aligns existing sizes across still and sparking pre-packed wine so that both can be sold in 200 ml and 500 ml quantities, for which we know there is good demand.
Whether she has made an assessment of the potential impact of New Zealand’s proposed Fast-track Approvals Bill on its obligations under the UK-New Zealand free trade agreement environment chapter.
In March, the UK and New Zealand highlighted the importance of our environmental commitments at the first ever environment committee under our new free trade agreement.
We continue to engage with New Zealand on implementing the environmental chapter, and will monitor the proposed Bill that the hon.
Lady mentioned during its passage through New Zealand’s Parliament.
The New Zealand FTA entered into force on  31 May 2023 .
It contains a commitment in article 22 that each party will not
“waive or otherwise derogate from, or offer to waive or otherwise derogate from, its environmental laws in a manner that weakens or reduces the protection afforded in that law”.
Is there not a danger that the fast-track approvals will erode those protections?
What steps will the Government take to ensure that New Zealand absolutely upholds its commitments under the FTA?
As I said, we will continue to monitor the passage of that proposed legislation, but the hon.