The USS adds:
“Not…having had sight of the revised…Funding Code and accompanying covenant guidance has exacerbated”
their worries.
I know that the Minister understands these concerns well.
Closure of those schemes would reduce pension fund investment in the productive economy at a time when the Chancellor wants—absolutely rightly—to increase investment from pension schemes into the productive economy.
Can the Minister tell us when he expects the new funding code to be published, whether he will report back to the Committee before then on how the concerns of open schemes have been addressed, and whether he is open to considering a separate chapter in the funding code, setting out how the code will apply to open schemes?
Let me take a few minutes to talk about what is happening on the defined contribution side of the picture.
The Secretary of State was asked—
If she will introduce legislative proposals to ban products from UK markets that are made with or transported using forced labour.
The Government recognise the importance of ensuring that UK businesses respect human rights throughout their operations.
We continue to keep this area under review and will work with our international partners to understand the most effective ways of tackling forced labour in supply chains.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his answer.
However, companies with well-documented links to Uyghur slave labour are dumping their goods here in the UK.
That is because the United States has introduced the Uyghur Forced Labour Prevention Act and the EU has acted similarly.
Last month, I, along with 43 Members of this House and 32 human rights organisations, wrote a joint statement calling for import controls on solar panels.
Will the Minister agree to meet me to discuss that and to finally bring forward measures to clean up our supply chains?
The Government are clear that British businesses and solar developers should not stand for receiving solar panels from companies linked to forced labour.
We have already taken steps to address the issue through the Procurement Act 2023 and the Modern Slavery Act 2015.
In addition, the forthcoming UK solar road map will outline a clear path to reaching our solar deployment ambitions, including on energy security.
I reassure my hon.
Friend that sustainable solar supply chains will form a central chapter of that road map, and I would be happy to either arrange or have a meeting with her.
What steps her Department is taking to support postmasters affected by errors in the Horizon IT system in Northern Ireland.
On Monday, the House agreed a Government amendment to the Horizon exoneration Bill—the Post Office (Horizon System) Offences Bill—to include convictions in Northern Ireland.
The Northern Ireland Executive faced unique challenges in delivering their own legislation in a timely manner.
Including Northern Ireland in the Bill ensures that postmasters there are not left behind, and receive exoneration and access to compensation on a UK-wide basis.
First, let me put on record my thanks to the Minister, who has been an industrious, assiduous and great champion for the postmasters and postmistresses across this United Kingdom.
There is not a person in the House who does not have great respect for him.
Further to Monday’s business in the House regarding that Northern Ireland provision in the Horizon Bill, which was brought forward by my hon.
Friend  the Member for North Antrim (Ian Paisley)  and my right hon.
Friend  the Member for East Antrim (Sammy Wilson) , will the Minister outline a timeline so that postmasters and postmistresses across all of Northern Ireland can see an end to the reputational and financial damage, and the heartache caused by the disgraceful operation of the Horizon scheme?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his kinds words.
It is always a pleasure to work with him and his colleagues.
It is our intention that the legislation will clear both Houses by July, although obviously not all of these things are within our gift.