Will she alert and raise this issue with the relevant Ministers and Departments, and advise me on how to resolve it?
I am sorry to hear that the hon.
Lady’s constituents are suffering in that way.
The situation sounds completely bonkers and if she gives me further details after business questions, we will get it sorted this afternoon.
Her constituents should not have to put up with that.
The hon.
Member for Blaenau Gwent (Nick Smith)  seems to be really pleased with the Opposition’s new recruit, but it will make not one jot of difference to their voting figures because  the hon.
Member for Central Suffolk and North Ipswich (Dr Poulter) , who has moved sides, is rarely in the House.
I have spoken before about my Marriage and Civil Partnership (Minimum Age) Act 2022.
It came into force in February last year, and makes it a criminal offence to exploit vulnerable children by arranging for them to be married.
I have spoken to teachers and lecturers who know nothing about the Act.
We must ensure that teachers, lecturers, faith leaders and the police know how to spot the signs of potential forced or arranged marriages.
Will the Leader of the House speak to her colleagues across Government to ensure that we get these messages across much more effectively to communities throughout the country?
I thank my hon.
Friend for all the work she has done on this subject.
She has campaigned diligently on it, and made a huge difference to the lives of many people.
The forced marriage unit, which is run jointly by the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office and the Home Office, is leading the Government’s work in this area.
It is running outreach and undertaking  casework, and operates both inside and outside the UK.
I will ensure the relevant Minister and officials have heard her suggestions on how its work can be enhanced.
The situation in Gaza continues to be profoundly disturbing.
We need a humanitarian ceasefire, all the hostages brought home, and no incursion by the Israel Defence Forces into Rafah; that would be catastrophic.
The United Nations Relief and Works Agency is pivotal to avoiding famine in Gaza and for the future of Palestinians more generally.
Could we have a debate in Government time on why Ministers will not yet restart funding to UNRWA, given the call by no less than the UN Secretary-General, António Guterres, for donors to restart that funding?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising those concerning matters.
I will certainly make sure that the Foreign Secretary has heard the concerns he has raised.
Aside from the immediate issues on which the hon.
Gentleman is primarily focused, UNRWA has been financially fragile for a long time, with little long-term financial planning and security.
There are many issues that the Foreign Secretary and his team will want to consider before taking a decision on whether to restart funding.
Hayfield Lane Primary School in Doncaster is a great school, with great teachers, a great head, Mrs Tempest, and wonderful children.
Sadly, the Labour Mayor of Labour-controlled Doncaster Council has failed this great school.
Her dither and delay is a disaster, and it is affecting our children.
Despite many years of letters, phone calls, meetings and false promises, the school still has a leaky roof, soaked carpets, water in the electric system, mould in the classrooms and a smell of damp throughout.
It is a disgrace that the Mayor is allowed to subject our most vulnerable—our children—to that.
Can we have a debate on the need for elected Mayors to step up and do their job of maintaining schools, like Hayfield Lane Primary School, instead of constantly blaming the Government for their own shortcomings?
I thank my hon.
Friend for standing up for, and campaigning on behalf of, parents and children in his constituency.