Member would be standing there telling us how he would be voting against it.
The fact of the matter is that the US is not carrying out any free trade agreements with any country.
There is nothing we can do about that, so instead we have been negotiating deals with states at an individual level, as I mentioned.
For the last one, the governor of Texas came to the UK to sign a trade deal memorandum of understanding between Texas and the United Kingdom.
Our relationship with the US is going well.
I spoke about exports increasing, and our trade increasing to £311 billion.
Trade with the US is going well.
We will continue to pursue a free trade agreement, but trade requires two parties in order to deliver.
Are Ministers as concerned as I am about continued reports that Royal Mail is determined to move away from a six-day service?
In a large rural constituency such as mine, with an older population, people continue to rely on the Royal Mail for important communications.
Can the Minister make clear that that is not the direction of travel the Government want Royal Mail to go in?
We absolutely agree with that point, and we have been clear with Royal Mail and the regulator Ofcom that we want a continued six-day service.
Royal Mail and hopefully Ofcom will have heard what my right hon.
Friend and I are saying today: the six-day service must continue.
Further to the question from my hon.
Friend the Member for Upper Bann (Carla Lockhart) to the Prime Minister yesterday, with the Republic of Ireland now employing a form of border control, seemingly reinstating a hard border, what discussions have taken place regarding the ability for business vehicles to pass through the border, with delays due to onerous checks by Garda Síochána and Republic of Ireland and EU border staff?
Of course the Government as a whole are monitoring this situation very closely.
We have very good relations with the Government of the Republic of Ireland, and I will pass on the hon.
Member’s comments to the Cabinet Office and the Foreign Office.
Would it be acceptable if the UK became the only country in the G7 that could not make its own virgin steel?
My hon.
Friend will know how committed this Government are to the steel industry, but at the moment it is going through a transition.
We care about having primary steel-making capacity in this country—that is something we want to do and to keep, but as she knows, even now we still import ore.
I know she is concerned about British Steel and its future.
I will be visiting her constituency in Scunthorpe and we will be able to discuss those matters further.
Yesterday, the BBC reported on expert analysis that has been submitted to the transition board, indicating that cutting  2,800 directly employed Tata Steel employees could lead to up to 9,500 additional job losses, due to the huge number of contractors and sub-contractors who are indirectly employed by Tata.
When the Government handed £500 million of taxpayers’ money to Tata to do that deal, had they made a full assessment of the job losses: not just those directly employed by Tata who would lose their jobs, but the vast number of jobs that will be lost through the supply chains and contractors?
The hon.
Gentleman and I both sit on the Tata transition board, which has a dedicated group to look at the welfare of contractors and supply chain partners.
We will ensure that we support those people as much as the direct employees of Tata.
One of the many benefits of Brexit has been our ability to take back control of our trade negotiations.
The comprehensive and progressive agreement for trans-Pacific partnership is one of the most exciting, so will the Minister provide an update on the status of our accession to CPTPP?