The SNP has abstained on Japan and on Singapore; it is against Canada, against South Africa, against Korea, against Australia and against New Zealand; and its Members even failed to show up on the Ukraine agreement.
It is a woeful record when it comes to supporting Scotland from the SNP.
What action are the Government taking to strengthen critical supply chains?
The Government launched our critical imports and supply chain strategy earlier this year, and I chaired the Critical Imports Council last month.
We are bringing together 23 organisations to make sure that our supply chains are robust, and I look forward to my hon.
Friend’s input into that.
The village of Kirkliston in my community recently became the latest to lose its post office—there have been a whole series of closures.
That community is not isolated, but it is not in the centre of Edinburgh, and there is no alternative.
As I say, it is one of a series, so can the Minister tell us what the Government are going to try to do to halt this decline in post offices?
As I said in response to an earlier question, we put in £50 million to support the uncommercial parts of the network.
I am sorry that the post office that the hon.
Lady mentions has closed.
I am happy to meet her to see what we can do to ensure that there is a local post office.
There are network access requirements on the Post Office, and 99% of the population must be within 3 miles of a post office.
If that is not the case in her area, I am happy to do what I can to ensure that that is rectified.
When the Minister for Trade Policy,  the right hon.
Member for Chelsea and Fulham (Greg Hands) , bragged to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rhondda (Sir Chris Bryant)  earlier that his trade envoys had to have a qualification of “diplomacy and discretion”, did he have in mind the former trade envoy to Colombia,  the hon.
Member for Fylde (Mark Menzies) ?
If the Opposition want to make an accusation, they should go ahead and do so, rather than this playground game that they are playing, which is insulting to every trade envoy, on both sides of the House, who is delivering for this country.
Green Resource Engineering Ltd, a highly successful company in Willand, already exports £1 million of engineering business to South Korea every year and has done so for the last six years.
The managing director, Richard Booth, let me know that exporting to Korea is already straightforward; by contrast, getting parts in from Europe has become a real headache.
Rather than fretting about a free trade agreement with Korea, how are the Government monitoring additional red tape after having left the European single market?
We have the most comprehensive free trade agreement with the EU—more than with any other country in the world—so that should not be the reason for difficulties in bringing in components.
If the hon.
Member has something specific that we can look at, I will be happy to take a look, but we have been doing everything to ensure that trade—in auto in particular—continues to boom, and it is booming.
We were able to stop the issue with rules of origin, which was going to have a deadline at the end of this year.
In terms of specific components that are having trouble getting across the border, I will need a bit more detail to provide him with an answer, but that is not about leaving the EU.
India is the second largest market for Scottish whisky in the world, making it an extremely important market for the Scottish economy.
Currently, whisky exported to India has a 150% import tariff placed on it.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to ensure that, in any trade deal signed with India, that tariff is reduced?