Does the Secretary of State accept that it would be absurd for Scotland to be the only major oil-producing nation without a refinery capacity, and will she agree to meet me to discuss this matter further, given that the Scottish Government are otherwise occupied?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to raise this issue.
It is something that we are concerned about and the UK and Scottish Governments are working together to understand all the options for the future of the refinery, and working closely on the issue through forums such as the Grangemouth Future Industry Board.
I am very happy to meet him—as are other Ministers—to discuss this matter further.
Does the Secretary of State agree that, while there has been great progress in promoting and increasing the export of traditional Scottish products, such as whisky, we also need to support new businesses, such as one in South Lanarkshire that is keen to expand electronic vehicle infrastructure into the United States?
Yes, my right hon.
Friend is quite right: our exports need to be about the future, not just about the traditional industries, such as Scottish whisky, which are the pride of Scotland and of the UK.
Electric vehicles are one way that we will hit our net zero target, and this is an area that the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero is focused on and that I support in Business and Trade.
If there is anything specific that we can look into for his constituency, we would be very happy to help.
What steps she is taking to support jobs in steel supply chains.
The UK Government’s £500 million grant will safeguard steelmaking in Port Talbot, 5,000 jobs in the company and thousands more in supply chains across the UK that would otherwise have been under serious threat.
The transition board, with a further £100 million of funding—£80 million from the UK Government and £20 million from Tata—will also support those affected.
That funding will help supply chain businesses to strengthen and diversify their customer base, creating sustainable jobs and business opportunities in Port Talbot and the wider region.
When it is finally introduced, the carbon border adjustment mechanism will provide a vital tool to ensure that British steelworkers have a level playing field so that they can compete against heavily polluting steel industries in other parts of the world, but recent media reports have indicated that India is lobbying No.
10 for an exemption from the UK CBAM.
Does the Minister recognise that CBAMs work only if they are comprehensive across all countries and sectors, and if we start giving exemptions here or there the entire policy will unravel?
That is particularly important given that Tata’s plan for Port Talbot is based on importing millions of tonnes of semi-finished product steel from India, a country that produces its steel with significantly higher carbon intensity.
Will the Minister confirm that under no circumstances will India be given an exemption from the UK carbon border adjustment mechanism?
A yes or no answer will suffice.
I was pleased to visit the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency as part of my first round of visits in this new role.
I look forward to meeting him again later this month.
He is right that the Government are committed to ensuring that UK decarbonisation efforts lead to a true reduction in global emissions.
The CBAM policy is still being designed.
The consultation is ongoing, and I recommend that he contributes to it.
Residents in Scunthorpe are particularly concerned about steel supply chain jobs related to virgin steelmaking.
My hon.
Friend’s predecessor, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wealden (Ms Ghani) , was very clear from the Dispatch Box that we obviously need a place for virgin steelmaking in the UK, and that that place is Scunthorpe.
Will he confirm that he agrees with her, and that nothing is off the table in his negotiations with British Steel?
I was pleased to visit my hon.