I congratulate my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rutland and Melton (Alicia Kearns)  on securing this timely and very important debate.
I pay tribute to her for her work as Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee, along with her tireless and very active efforts to secure a more stable, peaceful and prosperous future for the people of the western Balkans.
The Minister of State, Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wealden (Ms Ghani) , the Minister for Europe, would have been delighted to take part in the debate.
She is currently travelling on ministerial duties, so it is my pleasure to respond on behalf of the Government.
I am grateful to hon.
Members for their many thoughtful and emotive contributions, which help us to understand the significance of the region.
The people of the western Balkans clearly deserve the opportunity to live in stable, inclusive and democratic societies where they can heal the scars left by conflict and grasp every opportunity to thrive and prosper.
That is what we are striving towards: all six countries playing their full part in the Euro-Atlantic family of nations, with the opportunities and benefits that brings.
Sadly, as we have heard today, we are a long way from the peaceful and stable Balkans we all wish to see.
The contributions from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rutland and Melton and the hon.
Members for Glasgow North (Patrick Grady)  and for Cardiff South and Penarth (Stephen Doughty) highlighted the context within which we are working: democracy is fragile at best; political elites are ramping up ethno-nationalist tensions for their own benefit; and Russia, as was highlighted by Members across the House, is fanning the flames of division to distract attention from Ukraine and move the region away from the west.
It is good to see the House united in calling out that behaviour.
We must, of course, avoid a return to conflict in the western Balkans at all costs.
We are painfully aware of the serious consequences that that would have in the region and beyond.
Meanwhile, it is clear that political weakness and instability in the western Balkans is threatening the UK’s security.
Endemic corruption is fuelling illegal migration and allowing serious organised crime groups to thrive and operate in this country, including in the drugs trade.
With that in mind, we are taking a multi-faceted approach.
First, we are addressing the drivers of instability, whether that be Dodik’s push for secession or heightened tensions between Serbia and Kosovo, but we are also focusing on the underlying factors enabling that.
We are engaged with all six countries, taking a cross-Government approach underpinned by our programmes in the region.
Last year, we spent over £47 million on supporting security and defence, preventing conflict and promoting media freedom, along with efforts to tackle corruption and organised crime, and to empower women and girls.
Given the growing instability, with all the risks it poses, we are prioritising the western Balkans in our diplomatic engagement.
As others have pointed out, the fact that one of the Foreign Secretary’s first visits was to Kosovo, in January, demonstrates the importance that we place on our ties with the region.
Indeed, the Prime Minister’s special envoy to the western Balkans, Lord Peach, visited the region 12 times last year and made a further 16 trips to other interested countries, as well as engaging regularly with international organisations such as NATO and the EU.
The UK has long worked with Serbia on shared priorities and will continue to do so, making clear the points on which we disagree and judging individuals by their actions.
It is not for us to comment on the appointment of individual Ministers, but it clearly raises questions when we see a US-sanctioned individual in the Government.
A number of issues have been raised today about the relationship between Kosovo and Serbia.