We will ensure that we support those people as much as the direct employees of Tata.
One of the many benefits of Brexit has been our ability to take back control of our trade negotiations.
The comprehensive and progressive agreement for trans-Pacific partnership is one of the most exciting, so will the Minister provide an update on the status of our accession to CPTPP?
I am delighted to be able to do so, and delighted to have such an enthusiastic supporter of CPTPP, which is an enormous benefit to this country.
The UK joining will take its share of global GDP from around 11% to just over 15%.
The UK will be the first country ever to accede to CPTPP, which includes most of the fastest growing markets in the Asia-Pacific region: the UK joining shows that it goes beyond the region.
On accession, we are delighted that Royal Assent has been given to our Trade (Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership) Act 2024, and we are looking forward to UK ratification in the coming weeks.
Three of the 11 parties have ratified so far—Japan, Chile and Singapore—and we look forward to further parties ratifying it in the coming weeks, to make progress on this extraordinary opportunity for this country.
Last year, the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee heard that the lack of a coherent agritrade policy, together with a complex set of import and export certification rules, is preventing rural businesses, particularly food producers, from trading outside the UK.
How will the Department support UK producers to deal with complex trade red tape?
I gave evidence in front of the EFRA Committee just last week on this very issue with our Minister for Food, Farming and Fisheries, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Sherwood (Sir Mark Spencer) .
We put in a huge amount of resources.
We have a number of commissioners and trade support people around European Union countries and around the world promoting agrifood exports.
I add that we also have a record level of services and exports to the EU, some of which will be in the agriculture sector.
We have, contrary to the constant doom and gloom that the hon.
Lady brings to this question time every five weeks, a very good story to tell about the successes of the United Kingdom when it comes to trade.
Scottish salmon is just one of the Scottish businesses that serve to prop up the failing UK economy, yet trade organisation Salmon Scotland revealed recently that the salmon industry in  Scotland is losing £100 million a year in trade with the EU.
Since 2019, that has amounted to a 17% drop in trade.
What message does the Secretary of State have for this business in Scotland, where all businesses and two thirds of the electorate rejected this hard Tory Brexit?
We hear this from the Scottish National party all the time, opposing everything in terms of UK trade agreements.
It is actually Scottish goods that benefit from so many of these trade agreements that we have negotiated, such as whisky when it comes to the Australian and New Zealand deals and the coming deal we hope to do with India.
All these deals benefit Scottish goods in particular, yet the SNP has opposed or abstained on every single trade deal that has ever been done by either this country or by the European Union. [
Interruption.]
The hon.
Gentleman knows it is true.
The SNP has abstained on Japan and on Singapore; it is against Canada, against South Africa, against Korea, against Australia and against New Zealand; and its Members even failed to show up on the Ukraine agreement.
It is a woeful record when it comes to supporting Scotland from the SNP.
What action are the Government taking to strengthen critical supply chains?