We regularly meet the UK seafood sector, which can often be subject to very high tariffs from foreign markets, but the UK’s quality shines through.
It is a key part of many of our current trade negotiations.
I urge her to watch this space.
We are always happy to meet the company concerned, but I can reassure her that when it comes to seafood exports, the Department is constantly engaged both in trade policy and in the support we give our exporters.
Could I please ask the Leader of the House for the forthcoming business?
The business for the week commencing  6 May  will include:
Monday 6 May —The House will not be sitting.
Tuesday 7 May —General debate on defence.
Wednesday 8 May —Consideration in Committee of the Finance (No.
2) Bill.
Thursday 9 May —General debate on miners and mining communities, followed by a general debate on the BBC mid-term charter review.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 10 May —The House will not be sitting.
The provisional business for the week commencing  13 May  includes:
Monday 13 May —Motion to approve the draft Procurement Regulations 2024, followed by a motion to approve the draft Agriculture (Delinked Payments) (Reductions) (England) Regulations 2024, followed by debate on a motion on the risk-based exclusion of Members of Parliament.
Tuesday 14 May —Motion to approve the draft Trade Union and Labour Relations (Consolidation) Act 1992 (Amendment of Schedule A2) Order 2024, followed by a motion to approve the draft code of practice on fair and transparent distribution of tips.
Wednesday 15 May —Remaining stages of the Criminal Justice Bill (day 1).
Thursday 16 May —Business to be determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 17 May —Private Members’ Bills.
I thank the Leader the House for the forthcoming business.
I pay tribute to the former Member for Hazel Grove Lord Stunell, who sadly passed away this week.
Our thoughts are with his family and friends.
I welcome to our Benches my hon.
Friend  the Member for Central Suffolk and North Ipswich (Dr Poulter) .
His words on how the Government have run down our NHS speak for millions.
It is remarkable that the Conservative majority of 80 has been almost halved in four years.
This week, there has been a victory for the victims of the infected blood scandal regarding the deadline for compensation.
I thank my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson)  for her tireless work on this cause.
Could the Leader of the House outline when the timetable for compensation will be set out?
Closer to home, people across south Wales are troubled by the job losses at Tata Steel in Port Talbot.
Will the Government work with Tata to ensure that compulsory redundancies will be avoided?
Time is of the essence, and there are worried steelworker families across south Wales.
The business for next week is light, with no votes until Wednesday.
We can guess why the Prime Minister would want to keep his parliamentary colleagues off the estate.
The internal politics of the Tory party have become so febrile that they are getting in the way of good governance.
While our constituents face ever higher bills, the Government have simply run out of steam.
Tomorrow, we will hear the verdict of the voters.
In recent months we have begun to see the runners and riders for the next Tory leadership contest.
The Leader of the House says that she has the Prime Minister’s back.
Coincidentally, she has been supporting her colleagues up and down the country.
Following on from schnapps with Shapps, can we look forward to gin with Jenrick or perhaps Pimm’s with Penny?
I am a Scrabble fan, but there is a new game of political Cluedo coming along.
Who could be the one to strike the fatal blow against the Prime Minister?