Following on from schnapps with Shapps, can we look forward to gin with Jenrick or perhaps Pimm’s with Penny?
I am a Scrabble fan, but there is a new game of political Cluedo coming along.
Who could be the one to strike the fatal blow against the Prime Minister?
Will it be cocktails with Kemi in the garden?
My money is on the Leader of the House with the sharpened Telegraph column in the drawing room.
Another possible leadership contender is the Foreign Secretary, Lord Cameron.
Has he recused himself from part of his role?
That point was raised twice last week at Cabinet Office questions, with no clarity provided.
Our parliamentary scrutiny is weakened when the Foreign Secretary is out of reach in the other place.
Lord Cameron has unanswered questions from Members of this House.
He is yet to reply to my letters asking about his time at scandal-hit Greensill Capital.
One question was about his use of private planes and personal taxation.
We learned this week that Lord Cameron still enjoys VIP air travel.
Taxpayers had to foot the bill for his trip to central Asia in a luxurious private jet.
How does the Leader of the House think that looks to struggling families across our country dealing with a cost of living crisis?
We wish the Leader of the House, the Foreign Secretary and fellow leadership rivals well.
We may well see them touring the TV studios.
The Prime Minister has hinted that he may call a general election this summer if his party performs well today, or he may cling on as the clock runs down.
Mr Speaker, you can understand the Prime Minister’s hope that something will crop up, but after 14 years in charge it is clear that it is time for change.
Each Thursday morning, the Leader of the House puts on a good turn.
Some say it is a dress rehearsal for the following Wednesday lunchtime.
Who knows?
This time it may come to pass.
First of all, I would like to join the hon.
Gentleman in paying tribute to Lord Stunell of Hazel Grove, who sadly passed away on Monday.
He entered the House of Commons in 1997, leaving for the Lords in 2015.
He was Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government in the coalition Government and I know Members on all sides of the House will mourn his loss.
On our Benches, we are particularly grateful to him for being an effective and collaborative Minister in the coalition, working alongside colleagues to bring in the Localism Act 2011 and drawing up the national planning policy framework.
I hope that the many tributes paid to him in the coming days will be a comfort to his loved ones.
I join with the many remarks made by colleagues regarding the tragic loss of Daniel Anjorin, and also the incident in Sheffield.
My thoughts, and I am sure those  of the whole House, are with all those affected, especially Daniel’s family.
I also pay tribute to the police for their courage.
They often get a hard time from us in this place, but we should never forget the risks they take and the service they do us.
I know the House will also be glad to see His Majesty the King out and about with the public again.
I wish all candidates in today’s elections good luck.
The hon.
Gentleman tempts me, but I am going to resist, because there is nothing I could say that would be more detrimental to  the hon.
Member for Central Suffolk and North Ipswich (Dr Poulter) —to his character, his integrity, his standing in his community and his future prospects—than what he has done to himself.
I think that is just about dawning on him.
I, too, welcome the progress on the infected blood issue.
The hon.