As Madam Deputy Speaker had to remind the Leader of the House and the shadow Leader of the House last week, business questions are about the business of this House, so can we leave the scripted opinions on Scotland and her Government to one side for once and have a debate, in Government time, on the unbelievable mess at Sevington and its impact on the wider supply chain?
Or will she, too, just ignore this crisis of her own Government’s making, raise a laugh for her nervous Back Benchers and opine on Scotland instead—a country about which she knows little and cares less?
The first issue that the hon.
Lady raises is a matter of taste about videos that I understand the Home Office has produced, which show, I assume for the reassurance of the British public, that those who do not have the right to remain in the UK will be deported.
There are images of people being put into the back of police vehicles.
Scotland has produced quite a few similar videos—although the people being put into the back of police cars have been members of the SNP.
I will certainly ensure that the Home Secretary has heard the hon.
Lady’s concerns, and that they are taken into account.
The hon.
Lady asserts various things about the border operating model.
Many of the things that she points to are not true.
The system has not gone down, and she is incorrect about the other issues that her party has been reporting.
Some customers are having issues, but they are being resolved.
I really hope that the SNP will one day acknowledge the hard work of Scotland’s business community, including businesses that are providing services and exporting them around the world.
We are the largest net exporter of financial and insurance services, and many of those businesses are in the hon.
Lady’s constituency and the surrounding area.
Edinburgh is the second largest financial centre in Europe, behind only the City of London, which is something to be immensely proud of.
The work that we are doing not just on trade deals, but on our memorandums of understanding—for example, with the United States at state level—means that it is easier for an accountant in her constituency to work on a project in the United States than it is for an accountant in the state next door.
That is something to be celebrated, and has led to our being the fourth largest exporter overall.
I hope that the hon.
Lady might reflect on that and consider it in her exchange with me next week.
I am proud of the work that I and colleagues across the House did, along with our dear, departed friend Sir David Amess, to raise the issue of endometriosis, a terrible  disease that affects millions of women across the country.
It is only since we started to raise the issues around it that its profile has risen.
I am surprised to learn how many young women do not know about the disease, which is not in the sex and health education curriculum in schools.
Can we have a debate, through the Department for Education, on ensuring that gynaecological diseases are in the curriculum for both girls and boys, because if someone does not know a disease exists, how will they know they might have it?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for all the work he is doing alongside the all-party parliamentary group on endometriosis to raise awareness of this condition and to ensure that there is improving care.
He will know that we have invested £25 million to roll out women’s health hubs across the country, not just to tackle backlogs but to provide information and raise awareness.
I will ensure that the Secretary of State for Education has heard what he has said today.
I call the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee.