India is the second largest market for Scottish whisky in the world, making it an extremely important market for the Scottish economy.
Currently, whisky exported to India has a 150% import tariff placed on it.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to ensure that, in any trade deal signed with India, that tariff is reduced?
We are engaged in a live negotiation with India at the moment and the hon.
Member would not expect me to comment on the progress of a live negotiation.
India is obviously in a pre-election period as well.
However, I can tell him that Scotch whisky tariffs are very much part of that negotiation; everybody knows that that is one of the key UK objectives.
May I perhaps add that, if we do get a good deal on Scotch whisky, I will look forward to the SNP for the first time actually voting for a trade deal with India?
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that it would be odd and inappropriate for the United Kingdom to impose any form of arms embargo against Israel when His Majesty’s armed forces are in the region and working with Israel to provide humanitarian support, and the UK would expect Israel to help in the protection of His Majesty’s forces?
My right hon.
and learned Friend makes a good point.
The Prime Minister addressed this issue yesterday.
I know that there is a lot of interest in arms exports to Israel, and yesterday my entire Department was blockaded by protesters, meaning that civil servants who needed to get to work could not do so.
The Government continue to monitor closely the situation in Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
All export licence applications are assessed on a case-by-case basis against the strategic export licensing criteria.
The Government take their defence export responsibilities extremely seriously and operate some of the most robust export controls in the world.
Could the Secretary of State explain what she is doing to help businesses in my constituency that have difficulties because we do not have the skills to increase the business—they cannot expand because they lack some skills?
Could she explain what she is doing to help with that skills shortage?
I thank my hon.
Friend for championing businesses in her constituency.
We are putting £3.8 billion into skills training for people who work for businesses, which is important.
We are also improving skills for entrepreneurs and business owners through our help to grow management programme—it can be found on the help to grow webpage—a 12-week mini-MBA, which is 90% funded by the Government.
We also have “Help to Grow: Management Essentials”, which offers two hours of totally free online training for aspirant new business owners.
Can the Secretary of State tell us about the UK’s supply of cyber-security professionals and whether a lot of that work is now being offshored?
I am afraid that I do not have the details to answer that question.
On the face of it, given the information I have, it is not something I have heard before, but we can write back with more information.
However, it does not sound like that is the case.
In my constituency we have the fantastic company Selwyn’s, whose seafood is first class.
It exports a lot; what is the Government’s current assessment of the export of cockles and other seafood in the Welsh market?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question and her interest in this important sector.
We regularly meet the UK seafood sector, which can often be subject to very high tariffs from foreign markets, but the UK’s quality shines through.
It is a key part of many of our current trade negotiations.
I urge her to watch this space.