The UK has long worked with Serbia on shared priorities and will continue to do so, making clear the points on which we disagree and judging individuals by their actions.
It is not for us to comment on the appointment of individual Ministers, but it clearly raises questions when we see a US-sanctioned individual in the Government.
A number of issues have been raised today about the relationship between Kosovo and Serbia.
We have seen an increase in violence, including last September’s terrible attack in Banjska, which was described very clearly by my hon.
Friend the Member for Rutland and Melton.
In every meeting, every call and every letter that we exchange with Serbian and Kosovan leaders, we urge them to avoid inflammatory rhetoric and escalation and engage constructively in the dialogue.
Only through genuine dialogue and mutual good will can we normalise relations between Kosovo and Serbia and start to build the brighter future that their citizens deserve.
We also continue to make it clear to the Serbian authorities that they must co-operate fully with efforts to hold to account those responsible for the Banjska attack, take steps to tackle cross-border arms smuggling, and encourage Kosovo Serbs to return to the institutions and serve the communities that they represent.
We have also made clear to the Kosovo Government the need to ensure that minority communities can play a full and equal role in the country’s future.
We are disappointed that the mayoral recall referendum on  Sunday 21 April  was boycotted by Kosovo Serbs.
It was arranged specifically to return Kosovan municipalities to representational governance, and it is important for a route back to that to be found.
I can confirm to Members, if they do not already know, that the UK will vote for Kosovo to join the Council of Europe.
Points have been raised about investigations of the Banjska attack.
The Kosovan police and prosecutors are the appropriate authorities to investigate it, and it right for us to wait for that investigation to conclude.
We have previously sanctioned Radoičić, as well as the Kosovan criminal charged with organising the attack.
We have urged Serbia to hold perpetrators to account and address the ongoing problem of cross-border arms smuggling.
Along with others,  the hon.
Member for Tiverton and Honiton (Richard Foord)  rightly spoke of the role of Lord Ashdown in Bosnia and Herzegovina, but I think we all recognise the important role performed there by my right hon.
and gallant Friend  the Member for Beckenham (Bob Stewart) .
He reminded us that that country matters, and highlighted the tensions that exist there.
I will never forget visiting Sarajevo with my family.
One cannot but be moved by being in that great city, meeting its people, and being reminded of the horrors of the past.
We recognise that we are facing the threat of Republika Srpska seceding from Bosnia and Herzegovina.
We have condemned Dodik’s secessionist actions, and have under- lined our steadfast support for the High Representative.
We are working with our international partners to deter further attempts at destabilisation, and to support the reforms that are necessary for progress towards EU accession.
The right hon.
Gentleman is quite right.
We have noted a bit of a move towards sole trustees in a number of cases, which clearly gives rise to concerns about how one person can represent the interests of the members of a pension scheme.
We are reflecting on that in our work, but one of the members of the Hewlett-Packard scheme wrote to me this week—he may well also have written to other Members—about
“the further fear and despair they are now feeling as it dawns upon them that their company and pension scheme trustees are meanwhile preparing plans to derisk by transferring their Pensioner responsibilities to an Insurance Company”—
something the right hon.
Gentleman touched on.
That transfer will quite possibly mean
“no subsequent possibility ever for pre-1997 increases.”