The hon.
lady needs to speak to police officers and her local chief constable to make sure she understands how this works.
I have worked very closely with the Home Office and the Policing Minister to make sure we have a retail crime action plan, which includes a vexatious offence with more severe sentences for people who assault shop  workers.
We have got an action plan together and it is working well with retailers, and I am very keen to see her support that plan.
Well, it is not working, and the Minister and the Secretary of State should take this seriously, because it is damaging our high streets and causing huge concern up and down the country.
He and the Secretary of State should go and meet those businesses, and hear from them directly.
Turning to another issue, we have seen 14 years of Conservative under-investment in public infrastructure, a failure to provide certainty and a failure to get a grip on the economy.
Business investment has also suffered.
Had it matched the average investment levels of France, Germany and the US, our GDP would be nearly 4% higher today, and wages would have been boosted by £1,250 a year.
Can the Secretary of State outline how she plans to fix this crippling investment gap, and what will she do to make sure businesses get the support they need so that we can get the economic growth this country desperately needs after 14 years of under-investment?
I remember a time when Labour Members were telling everyone that we should not invest in nuclear, and it is under this Conservative Government that we are investing in nuclear infrastructure.
That has only happened under Conservative Governments.
The hon.
Lady asks about the plan.
I would remind her about the global investment summit we had in November, which raised nearly £30 billion in one day.
No one is better than our current Prime Minister at delivering inward investment for this country.
Business investment is rising, and it is rising because of the policies that he and the Chancellor have put in place, such as capital expensing.
Yesterday, I was pleased to meet a number of UK aerospace businesses demonstrating and showcasing extraordinary innovation right here in the United Kingdom, including Safran, which has a significant base in Pitstone in my constituency.
Can I ask my hon.
Friend what the Department has done to ensure that we can increase aerospace exports?
I thank my hon.
Friend, who I know is a strong champion of aerospace exports in this House.
Last year’s autumn statement extended the aerospace technology programme budget by a further five years, with an additional £975 million of new R&D funding from 2025 through to 2030.
As part of this vote of confidence in the UK civil space sector, our trade missions and trade promotion activities by my Department and our embassies around the world continue to help companies with export contracts worth millions of pounds.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
In 2017, Boris Johnson claimed the UK was “first in line” for a post-Brexit trade deal with the United States.
While negotiations opened in May 2020, no progress has been made since October of that year.
When does the Secretary of State expect to be able to deliver this alleged Brexit benefit, and what does she think will arrive first—a trade deal with the US or pints of champagne to toast it with?
As everyone on the Government Benches knows, even if we had a trade deal with the US, the hon.
Member would be standing there telling us how he would be voting against it.
The fact of the matter is that the US is not carrying out any free trade agreements with any country.
There is nothing we can do about that, so instead we have been negotiating deals with states at an individual level, as I mentioned.