Gentleman for raising this shocking issue; he is right to do so.
The case he refers to is truly shocking, as I think is agreed across the House.
We are working on this and I will make sure that he gets an update so that he is across the detail of what we are doing.
Most Members of this House will be aware that the welfare system can be a nightmare to navigate and does, indeed, need reform, but could we have less of this rhetoric about the Prime Minister’s £5 billion package of disability benefit so-called reform being moral?
There is nothing moral about cutting benefits for what may be up to a million people.
This is not about morality; this is about the Treasury’s wish to balance the country’s books on the backs of the most vulnerable and poorest people in this society.
My right hon.
Friend is a passionate advocate on this issue and has been for a long time, and I pay tribute to her for that.
However, as she rightly acknowledges, the current system is broken.
This is where I disagree with her: I think that one in eight young people not being in education or training—that is a million young people—is a moral issue.
All the evidence suggests that someone in that situation at that stage of their life will find it incredibly difficult ever to get out of that level of dependency.
That cuts across the opportunity and aspiration that are the root of my values, and Labour values, about how we take working people forward.
I do see it as a moral issue and I will not turn away from that.
I am genuinely shocked that a million young people are in that position, and I am not prepared to shrug my shoulders and walk past it.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
The shadow Minister for Women,  the hon.
Member for East Grinstead and Uckfield (Mims Davies) , just before Prime Minister’s questions, stated at the Dispatch Box that imam Adam Kelwick posted that he prayed for victory of Hamas over Israel.
That was totally inaccurate.
He made absolutely no mention, in the post to which she referred, of Hamas or against Israel; that was added wrongly by the shadow Minister.
He, in fact, called for prayers of peace.
The truth is that Adam has spent years working on countering extremism and even uniting people through food and conversations when rioters came to attack his local mosque in Liverpool last year.
I ask that the hon.
Member correct the record, and I remind her that should she have made such statements outside the House, there would possibly be legal action.
What advice can you give to Members to ensure that they do not abuse parliamentary privilege by slandering people?
I am not responsible for hon.
Members’ questions, or for Ministers’ or shadow Ministers’ answers.
I do not want to extend this question, but I can assure the hon.
Lady that the Table Office will be able to advise her on how to pursue the matter.
I am sure, without doubt, that it is on the record and that people will reflect on that.
Motion for leave to bring in a Bill ( Standing Order No.
23 )
I beg to move,
That leave be given to bring in a Bill to make provision about the Groceries Code Adjudicator; to require co-ordination between the Groceries Code Adjudicator and the Agricultural Supply Chain Adjudicator; to make provision about public procurement in respect of British food products; to make provision about the labelling of food products; and for connected purposes.
I remind the House of my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
In March 1917, at the height of the first world war, the then Prime Minister, David Lloyd George, sent a letter to an Orkney farmer, Charles Paterson.