We have delivered record investment into this country, we have had three interest rate cuts in a row and wages are going up faster than prices, which is a massive cost of living boost.
That is in only eight   months, after 14 years of absolute failure.
What did the Conservatives leave?
Interest rates were at11% and there was a massive £22 billion black hole in the economy.
They crashed the economy; we are rebuilding Britain.
I am pleased to respond to this important debate.
This topic affects millions of pensioners up and down our country.
It is one we have debated many times in recent months, and it is right that we do so.
Many right hon.
and hon.
Members have made important contributions that I want to acknowledge.
My hon.
Friends the Members for North East Derbyshire (Louise Jones), for Gateshead Central and Whickham (Mark Ferguson) and for Wirral West (Matthew Patrick), among others, talked about the inheritance that we as a Government faced when we came into office and the difficult decisions that have arisen as a result, and they were right to do so.
I particularly commend my hon.
Friend  the Member for Makerfield (Josh Simons) , who talked about the work he is doing in his community to drive pension credit take-up.
I know that Members across the House are doing the same, and I thank them for doing so.
As my hon.
Friend the Pensions Minister set out earlier, the decisions we have made have not been easy, but we have made sure that we have protected those pensioners who need support the most.
Winter fuel payments will continue to be paid to pensioner households in England and Wales with someone receiving pension credit or certain other income-related benefits.
They will continue to be worth £200 for eligible households or £300 for eligible households with someone aged 80 or over.
The majority of those payments—over £1 million—were paid before Christmas.
Means-testing the winter fuel payment was a choice we had to make to protect the most vulnerable pensioners, while doing what is necessary to repair the public finances after 14 years of the wrecking ball that is the Conservative party.
It is the difficult decisions we have taken that mean this Government are able to provide much-needed additional investment in the NHS, which benefits us all, including pensioners who rely on these services.
The Government are working hard to reform the NHS in England through the 10-year health plan to build a health service that is fit for the future.
The Minister for Women and Equalities was asked—
Whether she has had discussions with Cabinet colleagues on the potential impact of the upcoming health and disability Green Paper on the finances of disabled people.
Yesterday afternoon, we set out the Government’s plan to fix the broken system, which gives proper employment support to help hundreds of thousands who are out of work on health and disability grounds, but who want to be in a job; deals with the work disincentive that has been inserted into the benefits system over the past 15 years; and makes the personal independence payment financially sustainable.
In recent weeks, I have been inundated with messages from constituents who are worried sick about changes to the disability benefits system, but yesterday’s announcement goes further than even the Conservatives managed, or dared, to.
Disabled people already face systemic barriers in society, including in accessing health, transport and housing.
Inadequate financial support already means that some of the most vulnerable have to access food banks.
These cuts will exacerbate their pain, and fuel hunger and debt.
What assessment has the Department made of the cuts, the impact on finances, and the harm that they will cause?
I refer the hon.
Gentleman to the previous Government’s proposal to convert PIP from cash into vouchers, which caused huge anxiety.