If supermarkets are about to embark on a race to the bottom, we can be pretty sure that it will be farmers, not company executives or shareholders, who will be expected to take the hit.
It is not for us in Parliament to pick a winner in a fight between supermarkets, but they should know that we are watching.
Any supermarket that thinks it can rebuild its balance sheet on the back of Britain’s farmers might find itself in front of the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee, and it better have some good answers when it gets here.
My Bill has support from MPs across political parties; it is sponsored by Liberal Democrat, Labour, Conservative, Plaid Cymru, SNP, Green and Democratic Unionist Members.
It also has wide geographical support, with sponsors from Shetland to Cornwall and across the four nations that make up the United Kingdom.
I am grateful for the support I have received from the farming unions, the Country Land and Business Association, Scottish Land and Estates, the Tenant Farmers Association and the Countryside Alliance.
That is a remarkable coalition of people who all understand that if we fail to act now, before too long there may be no industry left to protect.
Charles Paterson’s family in Orkney still works the same land to this day.
If we want to keep farming communities alive for generations to come, however, we need to act now to make it happen.
That is why the Bill is necessary and why I seek the leave of the House today to introduce it.
Question put and agreed to.
Ordered,
That Mr Alistair Carmichael, Jayne Kirkham, Sarah Bool, Jenny Riddell-Carpenter, Charlie Dewhirst, Sarah Dyke, Ann Davies, Seamus Logan, Ellie Chowns, Jim Shannon, David Chadwick and Tim Farron present the Bill.
Mr Alistair Carmichael accordingly presented the Bill.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 20 June , and to be printed (Bill 203).
Motion made, and Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No.
83A(7) ,
That the following provisions shall apply to the National Insurance Contributions (Secondary Class 1 Contributions) Bill for the purpose of supplementing the Order of  3 December 2024  (National Insurance Contributions (Secondary Class 1 Contributions) Bill: Programme):
(1) Proceedings on consideration of Lords Amendments shall (so far as not previously concluded) be brought to a conclusion two hours after their commencement.
(2) Any further Message from the Lords may be considered forthwith without any Question being put.
(3) Proceedings on any further Message from the Lords shall (so far as not previously concluded) be brought to a conclusion one hour after their commencement.—(Gen Kitchen.)
Question agreed to.
Consideration of Lords amendments
I can confirm that Lords amendments 1 to 20 engage Commons financial privilege.
Having given careful consideration to Lords amendment 20, I am satisfied that it would impose a charge on the public revenue that is not authorised by the money resolution passed by this House on  3 December 2024 .
In accordance with  Standing Order No.
78(3) , that Lords amendment will therefore be deemed to be disagreed to and is not available for debate.
Lords amendment 20 deemed to be disagreed to ( Standing Order No.
78(3) ).
I beg to move, That this House disagrees with Lords amendment 1.
With this it will be convenient to consider Lords amendments 2 to 19 and 21, and Government motions to disagree.
I welcome the opportunity to consider the Lords amendment to the Bill.
I thank Members of both Houses for their careful scrutiny and consideration of the Bill, and I place on record particular thanks to the Financial Secretary to the Treasury, Lord Livermore, for his invaluable support and for so expertly leading the Bill through the other place.