With this it will be convenient to consider Lords amendments 2 to 19 and 21, and Government motions to disagree.
I welcome the opportunity to consider the Lords amendment to the Bill.
I thank Members of both Houses for their careful scrutiny and consideration of the Bill, and I place on record particular thanks to the Financial Secretary to the Treasury, Lord Livermore, for his invaluable support and for so expertly leading the Bill through the other place.
During consideration of the Bill in the other place, 21 amendments were made, 20 of which we will address today, but before I do so directly, let me remind both Houses of the context for the Bill.
When we entered government, we inherited a fiscal situation that was completely unsustainable.
We have had to take difficult but necessary decisions to repair the public finances and rebuild our public services.
The measures in the Bill represent some of the toughest decisions that we have had to take as a result.
To restore fiscal responsibility and get public services back on their feet, we needed to raise revenue, including through the measures that the Bill will introduce.
Many of the amendments from the other place put at risk the funding that the Bill seeks to raise, so let me be absolutely clear: to support the amendments is also to support higher borrowing, lower spending or other tax rises.
With that in mind, I now turn to the first group of Lords amendments.
The Minister has talked about the growth mission, which is the Government’s raison d’être, but last week we found out that the economy had shrunk.
Has he done any work to find out how much that 0.1% drop will cost the Government?
It will have huge tax implications.
As I have set out to the hon.
Gentleman in a number of debates in recent weeks, the Government have had to take difficult but necessary decisions to restore fiscal responsibility after the completely unsustainable situation that we inherited from the Conservative party.
That fiscal responsibility and economic  stability are essential for greater investment in the economy, which is the bedrock of the growth that we are so determined to pursue.
Will the Minister outline how many billions the Government will spend this year, what percentage £22 billion represents in that amount, and—if I may be so greedy as to ask an additional question, Mr Speaker—how much the flatlining of the economy has cost the Government compared with that £22 billion?
I put it to the Minister that the impact of the national insurance contributions rise has been much greater than that of the mythical £22 billion alleged by the Government.
I am not clear from the right hon.
Gentleman’s intervention whether he finally accepts that we inherited a £22 billion black hole when we entered government.
I know that several of his colleagues have sought to rewrite history, but the facts are there.
We inherited a completely unsustainable fiscal situation, with pressures and a £22 billion black hole, and we had to take difficult but necessary decisions to remedy that.
It was important to do so, because without the basic fiscal responsibility and economic stability that a Government should deliver, investment, which is the basis for growth, will not happen.
The Minister speaks about facts.
Is he aware of the fact that when the Labour party won the election, the economy was growing, and is he aware of the fact that it is now shrinking?
I am very aware of the fact that we inherited an economy and a fiscal situation in a mess.
That was completely unsustainable, and it was our duty as a Government to address it.
No responsible Government could have let things carry on as they were, with the fiscal situation the way it was.
That is why we took the action we did.
Will the Minister give way?