No responsible Government could have let things carry on as they were, with the fiscal situation the way it was.
That is why we took the action we did.
Will the Minister give way?
I will not, as I have already given way several times and must make progress.
We had to take those decisions to put the fiscal responsibility back at the heart of government, to return economic stability to the public finances, and to have the basis for the investment on which we can grow the economy and put more money in people’s pockets.
Lords amendments 1, 4, 5, 9 and 13 relate to the NHS and social care providers.
The amendments seek to maintain the employer national insurance contribution rates and thresholds at their current level for NHS-commissioned services, including GPs, dentists, social care providers and pharmacists, as well as those providing hospice care.
As Members of both Houses will know, as a result of the measures in this Bill and wider Budget measures, the NHS will receive an extra £22.6 billion over two years, helping to deliver an additional 40,000 elective appointments every week.
Primary care providers—general practice, dentistry, pharmacy and eye care—are important independent contractors that provide nearly £20 billion-worth of NHS services.
Every year, the Government consult the general practice and pharmacy sectors.
One question raised regularly in my constituency relates to GP surgeries.
The national insurance contributions will hit them immensely hard.
GPs tell me that their only choice is to reduce staff and cut back appointments.
The Minister mentions £22 billion extra for the NHS, but if GP surgeries and health clinics are reducing staff and reducing their capacity to deliver services, is that not a step down in what is delivered in my constituency and beyond?
Will he reconsider the measures given the impact on GP surgeries?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising the question of GPs and the funding and support that the Government are providing them.
We are investing an additional £889 million in general practice, which brings the total spend on the GP contract to £13.2 billion in 2025-26.
That is the biggest increase in over a decade.
The changes to the contract will improve services for patients and help to make progress towards the Government’s health mission—shifting from analogue to digital, from sickness to prevention, and from hospital to community care—as set out in the Prime Minister’s plan for change.
That support for GPs is an essential part of what the Budget, including the national insurance measures we are debating, delivers.
Age UK in my constituency has told me that the employer NICs rise will cost it £50,000 a year.
Does the Minister agree that it is impossible to improve the public sector by taxing the public sector?
We inherited public services that were on their knees and needed urgent support.
Part of the reason why we took the difficult but necessary decisions at the Budget last October was, of course, to restore fiscal responsibility, but it was also to get public services back on their feet.
That is not just about the public services that people across the UK enjoy; it is also about ensuring that we have the stability for economic growth.
If we do not have a health service that works well, we do not have a healthy population who can go to work.
If we do not have a transport system that works well, people cannot get to work.
That investment to get public services back on their feet after 14 years of Conservative control is essential for the experience of people in the UK, but it will also ensure that we have the economic growth that will enable us to put more money in people’s pockets.
Will the hon.
Gentleman give way?
I will make a little progress.