23 )
I beg to move,
That leave be given to bring in a Bill to make provision about the Groceries Code Adjudicator; to require co-ordination between the Groceries Code Adjudicator and the Agricultural Supply Chain Adjudicator; to make provision about public procurement in respect of British food products; to make provision about the labelling of food products; and for connected purposes.
I remind the House of my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
In March 1917, at the height of the first world war, the then Prime Minister, David Lloyd George, sent a letter to an Orkney farmer, Charles Paterson.
He wrote:
“In the nation’s interest I urge you, at whatever personal sacrifice, to overcome all obstacles, to throw your fullest energies into the work, and to influence and encourage all who assist you, so that every possible acre shall be sown.”
At that time, there was no question at the heart of Government about the vital importance of farmers in the isles and across the country.
In the century since, farmers have continued to play their part in supplying the nation’s table, but their incomes have stagnated.
The market for agricultural produce in the UK has not been a free market since at least the end of the second world war.
Successive Governments have intervened through the payment of public subsidies to farmers, initially in the name of food security and more recently in the name of cheap food for consumers.
That intervention has, over the years, distorted the market and allowed a range of unfair practices to be hardwired into the system.
As a consequence, the market today has a handful of behemoth retailers—the supermarkets—at the top, hundreds of thousands of farmers at the bottom and a variety of processors, distributors and others in the middle.
Everyone takes their cut and then, at the end of it all, the farmers get whatever is left.
The power imbalance between the supermarkets at the top and the farmers at the bottom is more pronounced than any other market I can think of, and it is well documented that those at the top who have the power wield it to their own advantage.
The extensive debate that we have had in this House in recent months has laid bare the shocking truth about the lack of profitability in farming.
Just last week a new report from the Food, Farming and Countryside Commission found that real incomes for farmers had stayed stock-still for the past 50 years.
Shortly after the autumn Budget, a group of younger farmers in my constituency came to see me and brought with them their farm accounts.
They were despondent in pointing out to me that their businesses earned a net profit of 0.7% on their capital.
They were not much cheered when I pointed out that they were doing better than many of their contemporaries, as figures from the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs show that the average return is as low as 0.5%.
One of those farmers was the great-grandson of Charles Paterson, a seventh-generation farmer who works the same land  as his great-grandfather.
We really could not ask for a better illustration of the shift in priorities of our Governments over the past 100 years.
This cannot go on.
Farmers are seeing a rapid withdrawal of funding support.
In England, the accelerated withdrawal of basic payments, followed by the closure without notice last week of the sustainable farming incentives, has left many farmers desperately worried about the viability of their businesses.
Elsewhere in the United Kingdom, the removal of the ringfencing of money given to devolved Administrations for agricultural payments leaves farmers there feeling vulnerable to adverse change.
That is why this market now needs direct and meaningful intervention.
Without it, we risk losing domestic food production and any notion of food security.