Last weekend, I visited my friends at the Hillview Islamic and education centre in Shettleston, and met the convenor of the Muslim Council of Scotland, Dr Muhammad Adrees.
I heard about terrible incidents of anti-Muslim hatred and crimes in Glasgow and the west of Scotland.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that our Muslim brothers and sisters should not have to live with that hatred, and will she set out the steps that the Government are taking to combat that?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question and I completely agree with him.
Indeed, I also attended a wonderful interfaith iftar in Hounslow on Friday.
Islamophobia is completely abhorrent and has no place in our society.
No one should ever be the victim of hatred because of their religion or belief.
The Government have established a new working group to provide the Government with a definition of anti-Muslim hatred and Islamophobia, and advise the Government and other bodies on how best to understand, quantify and define prejudice, discrimination and hate crime targeted against Muslims.
I thank the Minister for her commitment to mandatory ethnicity pay gap reporting.
However, I was disappointed to learn that the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority are rowing back on their proposals to boost diversity in financial services.
I feel that risks pushing away the very best talent from the sector.
Only 4% of financial services firms disclose their ethnicity pay gap.
The announcement will only slow the pace of change that is needed to tackle inequalities.
Does the Minister agree that initiatives that aim to reduce the ethnicity pay gap are not anti-growth, but pro-talent and pro-growth?
Fair and equal treatment at work is a right, not a privilege.
Companies like Deloitte, which I visited recently, are reporting voluntarily on their ethnicity pay gaps, and I have attended roundtables chaired by organisations such as Change the Race Ratio and ShareAction, which promote the benefits of ethnicity pay gap reporting.
There has been progress; last week, the Parker review showed that there is an increasing number of ethnic minority board members in our FTSE companies.
I agree with my hon.
Friend that pay gap reporting can help employers to identify and remove barriers to progression for their workforces, and unleash talent from all our communities, thereby supporting economic growth, and I thank her for her work on this.
I was pleased to see the Government’s announcement of the newly established race equality engagement group, chaired by Baroness Doreen Lawrence, a tireless campaigner against discrimination for many decades.
What steps are the Government taking to recognise caste-based discrimination in law?
Will that issue be the focus of the group’s work?
My hon.
Friend references the race equality engagement group, which we announced yesterday.
The group will strengthen the Government’s links with ethnic minority communities, enabling effective two-way dialogue on the Government’s work to tackle race equalities, and engaging on all issues.
We are considering our position on caste discrimination under the Equality Act 2010, and we will update the House in due course.
As a former NHS employee, I was shocked to hear that the Community Security Trust has found that the number of complaints of antisemitism in the NHS tripled in the 17 months after  7 October 2023 .
What steps are the Government taking to crack down on antisemitism in the NHS?
The hon.
Gentleman will agree that antisemitism has no place in our society or in our workplaces.
This is an extremely important issue, and he will know that the Home Secretary and the whole Government take it very seriously.
Aberdeen mosque and Islamic centre in my constituency was vandalised while worshippers were inside.
I am pleased that the local community came together and helped with the clean-up.
The University of Glasgow has published a report that says that one in three Muslim students are victims of Islamophobic abuse.