The important point that I was making, which I hope was clear to him and his colleagues on the Conservative Benches, was about the wider support that the Government are providing to hospices, the funding that we are providing to GPs and the discussions we are having with other primary care providers.
That is the context in which the Bill has to be seen.
We are able to take decisions around funding for public services because of the difficult decisions that we took at the Budget last year, and this Bill implements one of those decisions.
At Prime Minister’s questions earlier today, it was noticeable that when the Prime Minister asked the Leader of the Opposition whether she would reverse the national insurance contribution rise that we are bringing in through the Bill, she refused to commit to that.
I am unclear exactly what the Conservative position is—[Interruption.]
rose—
I think one of the Conservative Members said that he will update me in his speech later.
I may have misheard him, but I think I heard him say that he will confirm later whether the Opposition will reverse the national insurance changes we are making, so I look forward to that update.
Will the Minister explain to the House how it is right for the Government to cover the extra national insurance contributions of those working in the public sector, for example in hospital provision, but it is not right to do that for those working in hospices, in end of life care?
How can that circle be squared?
Why will they cover the national insurance contributions for those working in hospitals that are treating people, but not for those working in hospices that deliver end of life care?
The fundamental principle is about which organisations the Government will support in response to the changes to national insurance contributions.
The approach the Government are taking, which is in line with the approach taken by the previous Government in the health and social care levy, is for the Government to provide support for Departments and other public sector employers for additional employer national insurance contributions.
As I said to  the hon.
Member for North Bedfordshire (Richard Fuller) , that means central Government, public corporations and local government.
Primary care providers are independent contractors and will therefore not be exempt from the changes.
The Minister makes the point that this is secondary for primary care providers.
However, he does not acknowledge that primary care providers still do not know how they will be compensated by the Government, as I hear from dentists, community pharmacies and social care providers in my constituency.
We are very close to the start of the tax year and those small businesses are providing critical primary care services in our communities.
How can they operate when the Minister obfuscates and says other people might talk to them at a later stage about the money that they might receive?
Would it not be easier for the Minister to accept the Liberal Democrat amendment from the House of Lords and clear up this matter today?
For clarity, primary care providers who are independent contractors will not receive the direct support that the Government provide to Departments and other public sector employers.
The pressures that those providers face are considered in the round before funding is provided to them, so the solution is arrived at in a different way from the way suggested by the hon.
Gentleman.
As I set out earlier, the revenue raised by the decisions set out in the Bill will help fund public services, including those provided by the NHS and other social care providers.
The amendments would put much of that funding at risk, so to support these amendments is to support higher borrowing, lower spending or other tax rises.