This Government celebrated International Women’s Day and Women’s History Month by accelerating action to change women’s lives.
That means greater opportunities in the workplace and ensuring that our streets are safe for women and that we have better public services for our women and their families.
Harnessing the talents and skills of all women will boost our economy.
A 5% increase in employment among women could boost the UK economy by up to £125 billion.
Women’s equality is at the heart of our plan for change and will drive economic growth for everyone.
According to research, 52% of integrated care boards in England, including Cheshire and Merseyside ICB, still require same-sex couples to self-fund at least six to 12 cycles of costly intrauterine insemination before they are eligible to access in vitro fertilisation treatment on the NHS.
Can the Secretary of State please tell us what she is doing to end the postcode lottery for lesbian and bi couples looking to start a family?
My hon.
Friend is right to draw the House’s attention to the postcode lottery and the patchy access to IVF across our country.
We want to make sure that everyone has fair access to high-quality care.
The Department of Health and Social Care has started to make progress towards its ambition to improve access to IVF services, and we also await the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence concluding its review on clinical guidance for the provision of such services.
I call the shadow Minister.
Parents up and down the country are anxious about the use of puberty blockers on under-18s, so I was disappointed to read that the Health Secretary has failed to intervene in an NHS puberty blocker trial, despite grave concerns about children’s safety.
The landmark Cass review said that more evidence was needed, but will the Secretary of State show moral courage and common-sense leadership to ensure that these dangerous and irreversible drugs are never tested on our children?
The Government’s position on this issue has been clear.
We have accepted all the recommendations brought forward by Dr Hilary Cass.
I have met Dr Hilary Cass to discuss this issue.
Given the question the shadow Minister has asked, he perhaps misunderstands the recommendations that Dr Cass brought forward.
What consideration has been given to the introduction of safe leave for employees experiencing domestic abuse?
We strongly encourage employers to support their employees who experience domestic abuse.
Many already do that through their membership of the employers’ initiative on domestic abuse, which empowers employers to take action.
I will be working with the Department for Business and Trade, including through the violence against women and  girls strategy, to look at issues specific to victims in  the workplace.
Will the Minister update the House on what changes, if any, she intends to make to the Equality Act 2010?
In particular, if she is going to make caste a protected characteristic, will she ensure that people of all religions that emanate from the Indian subcontinent are consulted, because that measure would severely impact every such family in this country?
We have no plans to change the Equality Act.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Feltham and Heston (Seema Malhotra)  set out earlier, through the new race engagement group being led by Baroness Lawrence we will consider any such questions, including the ones that the hon.
Gentleman identifies.
After an appalling rape incident on the Fuller Street bridge in my constituency, I was shocked to find that last year only 2.7% of recorded rapes in the UK resulted in a charge.
What is the Minister doing to improve the charge rate and get justice for more survivors of this appalling crime?
I am very sorry to hear of the case in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
It brings into sharp focus the need to tackle violence against women and girls, and to ensure that our mission to halve its incidence is delivered.