The previous Government failed to properly support further and adult education over the past 14 years.
In contrast, the Prime Minister’s personal commitment to technical qualifications has been encouraging.
Last year’s Budget provided a welcome boost to some parts of the sector, but need and demand are outstripping available funding.
Skills are crucial to the Government meeting their mission to deliver economic growth, build 1.5 million homes and transition to a green economy.
Will the Prime Minister reassure me that the funding model will be reviewed, so that we do not see colleges having to turn away people who want to gain the skills that our country so desperately needs?
My hon.
Friend is right that further education plays a critical role in giving young people the skills and confidence that they need, and the training that we need for the future.
We are investing £400 million in education for 16 to 19-year-olds this year,   and our levy-funded growth and skills offer will create jobs in key industries.
I can assure her that the funding will deliver enough places for young people.
Large spending announcements for defence would make people think that Britain is marching to war, but the Ministry of Defence is bimbling along with procurement systems that are better designed for peacetime.
Will the Prime Minister use his good offices to bring British industry into this fight, and quickly?
Yes, but the Opposition did leave a bit of a mess that we are clearing up, having hollowed out our armed forces and having not made the investment that we needed in our defence.
We have announced the largest sustained increase since the cold war to 2.5% by 2027 and 3% in the next Parliament, subject to economic circumstances.
We are getting on with the job and clearing up the mess that they left.
My constituency has the greatest number of high-rise buildings with dangerous cladding in the country.
On Friday, I visited Stratford fire station.
Our brilliant local firefighters told me that 77 high-rise buildings  in Newham and 165 in Tower Hamlets are covered in hazardous materials, with many of them deemed unsafe.
Thousands of my constituents have been calling for justice for years.
What are the Government doing to ensure that private developers are held to account for the dangerous cladding on high-rise buildings that they have built?
My hon.
Friend is right that remediation has been far too slow, and everybody deserves a safe and secure home.
We have signed a contract with 54 major developers who will pay for or fix over 1,700 buildings, and we are accelerating that progress.
We will take tough action against those who evade their responsibilities.
We will recover taxpayers’ funds and make sure that those responsible pay up and fix unsafe buildings quickly.
I come to this Chamber every week to ask sensible questions—[Interruption]—and I expect sensible answers, but all I get is glazed expressions and waffle from those on the Government Benches.
I want to ask the Prime Minister a simple question on behalf of all the net zero sceptics.
If we became net zero tomorrow, by how much would that reduce the Earth’s temperature?
It is a simple question.
Net zero is of course not easy, but it is a huge opportunity to boost our growth, our jobs and our economy.
The hon.
Member knows my views on that.
He complains, but Reform would have better ideas if it stopped fawning over Putin.
I understand that  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  wants to be Prime Minister, but he cannot even lead a party that fits in the back of a taxi.
One in five disabled people in social housing, and one in three disabled private renters, live in inaccessible housing.
One of my constituents with severe fibromyalgia and post-traumatic stress disorder lives in a first-floor flat   with no lift access.