Will the Prime Minister look at this issue so that the police can do more to keep our streets secure and safe?
I join my hon.
Friend in commending West Midlands police for keeping his community safe.
We are doubling our investment to £200 million towards the recruitment of 13,000 neighbourhood police officers, giving every community a named officer to help tackle violent crime, and we are currently working through bids with forces to ensure that we do so.
I will ensure that he gets a meeting with the Policing Minister.
We have a deeply unfair and unequal economic system, where vast numbers of people are struggling while billionaires are getting richer and richer.
Does the Prime Minister really think that the way to tackle this situation is to put the onus on older people, children, and now sick and disabled people, rather than on the shoulders of the super-rich—those who can most easily afford to pay—with a wealth tax?
If the Prime Minister uses the phrase “difficult choices” in his answer, will he specify “difficult choices” for whom?
We do have a proportional tax system, and we have raised tax on the wealthiest under this Government.
The hon.
Lady’s advice would count for a bit more if her party’s manifesto had not been a recipe for £80 billion of extra borrowing, which would have done exactly what Liz Truss did to the economy—that would not help any of the people she is claiming to support.
I welcome the Government’s ambitious growth plans for the Oxford-Cambridge arc, which promise to reverse years of decline and transform the eastern region by driving prosperity, creating jobs and delivering much-needed housing.
Does the Prime Minister agree that the crowning achievement of these plans would be the establishment of a world-class theme park in Bedford borough, which would transform our local economy, create thousands of jobs and opportunities, and elevate Bedford as a national hub for leisure and tourism?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise this important project, which we are working on.
It is vital that we unleash the potential of the Oxford-Cambridge corridor—and, of course, Bedford—by generating growth, jobs and opportunities.
We are doing that by speeding up the delivery of new infrastructure projects, slashing red tape and getting Britain building.
Many of my constituents have approached me about the inadequate treatment of young people with eating disorders.
This year, despite a 30% increase in referrals, the majority of integrated care boards have cut real-terms funding.
Currently, as I have seen in my own family and in my weekly surgeries, those who reach out for treatment are told, in effect, “Come back when you are thinner,” increasing both the human and financial cost of treatment.
Does the Prime Minister agree that timely interventions are critical, and will he meet me to discuss how we fund them?
The hon.
Gentleman is right: too many people with eating disorders are not getting the treatment they need.
The NHS is expanding eating disorder treatment services with a focus on accessing treatment earlier and closer to home, and we are providing access to specialist mental health professionals in every school.
I will make sure that he is kept updated.
Labour’s flagship Crime and Policing Bill is designed to tackle the rise in antisocial behaviour, theft and shoplifting that occurred under the Tories.
It will grant police the power to confiscate disruptive off-road vehicles, which will help to tackle the scourge of off-road bikes in my constituency.
Does the Prime Minister agree that we are the party of law and order, and that we are fulfilling our commitments?
It is totally unacceptable for anyone to feel intimidated or unsafe due to the actions of reckless and selfish individuals.
Whatever the vehicle, our Bill gives police forces stronger powers to seize them immediately and put a stop to antisocial behaviour.
That is our plan for change in action, making our streets and communities safer.