Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  wants to be Prime Minister, but he cannot even lead a party that fits in the back of a taxi.
One in five disabled people in social housing, and one in three disabled private renters, live in inaccessible housing.
One of my constituents with severe fibromyalgia and post-traumatic stress disorder lives in a first-floor flat   with no lift access.
As we build the 1.5 million new homes that the country needs, will the Prime Minister ensure that they are built to be accessible and adaptable so that disabled and older people can live independently for generations to come?
My hon.
Friend is right that everybody needs to be able to access a home that is suitable for them and meets their needs.
The planning rules already mean that councils must consider the needs of disabled people when planning new homes.
We will go further, setting out our policies on accessible new homes very shortly.
We are boosting the disabled facilities grant by £172 million, helping more people to make vital improvements and live independent lives.
Despite Ukraine being the victim in Russia’s illegal aggression, President Zelensky has shown leadership to his people by committing to the US plans for a ceasefire.
However, it is clear that Putin is playing for time and is still carrying out daily attacks on the Ukrainian people.
Is now not the time to take those frozen Russian assets, seize them and give them to the Ukrainian people to strengthen their hand at the negotiating table and punish Russian aggression?
On both points, last night, following the discussions yesterday, I spoke to President Zelensky to discuss the way forward.
On the wider question of assets, it is complicated—it is not straightforward—but we are working with others to see what is possible.
The release of Project Willow today is a step forward in securing good jobs and an industrial future for Grangemouth.
However, the Government need to work at pace to ensure that the recommendations in Willow are acted on.
Will the Prime Minister outline what steps he will be taking to ensure that barriers to a rapid transition at Grangemouth are removed and investment is progressed as quickly as possible?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising Grangemouth again, for the second time in this session; that is because it is centrally important.
He will have heard what I had to say about the projects that we are looking at to ensure the long-term future of Grangemouth, the interim measures that are being taken and, of course, the £200 million of the wealth fund that I announced just a few weeks ago.
The Prime Minister and I disagree on much—the family farm tax, the national insurance jobs tax and the cut in winter fuel payments—but we surely agree that the common good is built on public order.
Crossbows in the hands of killers cost lives: they cost the lives of three innocent women last year.
The previous Government moved to consultation over a year ago on the regulation of crossbows, their sale and use, and yet we have heard nothing since.
They are as powerful as guns, as silent as knives.
Will the Prime Minister agree for one of his Ministers to come to the House before Easter to give us a clear instruction about what the Government intend to do before any more lives are lost?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for raising this shocking issue; he is right to do so.
The case he refers to is truly shocking, as I think is agreed across the House.
We are working on this and I will make sure that he gets an update so that he is across the detail of what we are doing.