Can the Minister, at the Dispatch Box, assure children’s hospices such as Acorns in the west midlands  that they will not be down the money that they will be losing through extra NI contributions, and that that £4.9 million will be replaced by the Government for children’s hospices?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for mentioning hospices, and perhaps I may set out the Government’s position on hospices and some of today’s amendments.
The Government recognise the vital role that hospices play in supporting people at the end of life, and their families, and they also recognise the range of cost pressures that the hospice sector has been facing over a number of years.
We are supporting the hospice sector with a £100 million increase for adult and children’s hospices, to ensure that they have the best physical environment for care, and £26 million of revenue to support hospices for children and young people.
The £100 million will go towards helping hospices to improve their buildings, equipment and accommodation, to ensure that patients continue to receive the best possible care.
The point that Opposition Members are trying to emphasise is that the Government appear to be giving with one hand, but taking away with the other.
The hospice sector is just one example of many sectors that have been adversely affected by the Government’s cruel tax.
As I said a few moments ago, the way that the Government support central Government, local government and public corporations—that is Departments and other public sector employers—is the same way that the previous Government responded to the health and social care levy.
That is a standard way in which the Government offer support for employer national insurance costs.
rose—
I will make some progress.
Will the Minister give way on that point?
No, I will make some progress.
The Government want to shift healthcare out of hospitals and into the community, to ensure that patients and their families receive personalised care in the most appropriate setting.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for giving way.
Southern Area hospice, which is located just outside my constituency, has to raise £3.6 million per year, or £300,000 per month.
It is not Government funded, as has been mentioned, so what reassurance can the Minister give to those currently using Southern Area hospice for end of life care that the Government will do the right thing and support our hospices by not including them in the increase to national insurance contributions?
I have explained how the Government are approaching employer national insurance contributions and the support that they offer for central Government, local government and public corporations.
That is an established way of responding to changes to employer national insurance contributions, which the previous Government did—
rose—
The right hon.
Gentleman is being so persistent.
He must have an amazing point to make, so I will give way to him.
I wait with bated breath.
It is an amazing point, and I hope that the hon.
Gentleman will get it, because it was clear that the Prime Minister did not get it at Prime Minister’s questions.
Let’s tell the real truth: the money that is being given by the Government—taxpayers’ money—to children’s hospices such as Shooting Star and Demelza hospices, is for buildings.
The national insurance increase is directly hitting the people who do the work on which very sick children depend.
Why is that imposition being made?
The £100 million that the right hon.
Gentleman alluded to is important funding to help hospices improve their buildings, equipment and accommodation, to ensure that patients receive the best care possible.
As I said a few moments ago, there will be £26 million of revenue to support children and young people’s hospices.
More widely, the Government provide for charities, including hospices, through the wider tax regime, which is among the most generous in the world.