I am very sorry to hear of the case in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
It brings into sharp focus the need to tackle violence against women and girls, and to ensure that our mission to halve its incidence is delivered.
Our inheritance from the Conservatives was shocking, with far too many women denied justice, cases never getting to court, and victims being left to wait for years for justice.
That is why the Lord Chancellor has made it a priority to take action to deliver justice for women.
Before we come to Prime Minister’s questions, I welcome to the Gallery the Chairman of the State Great Hural, the Parliament of Mongolia.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 19 March.
Last night I spoke to President Zelensky to discuss progress that President Trump had made with Russia towards a ceasefire, and I took the opportunity to reaffirm our unwavering support for the people of Ukraine.
I am deeply concerned about the resumption of Israeli military action in Gaza.
The images of parents carrying their children—young children—to hospitals that have emerged over the last few days are truly shocking, as is the sheer number of those who have been killed.
We will do all that we can to ensure the resumption of the ceasefire in order to get the remaining hostages out, and to get aid that is desperately needed in.
The whole House will want to celebrate the extraordinary life of Group Captain John “Paddy” Hemingway, the last known pilot of the battle of Britain.
The courage of his generation, the fearlessness, the sense of duty and the service, secured our freedom, and we will never forget them.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in the House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
Brain tumours kill more children and adults under the age of 40 than any other cancer.
From time to time all of us in our surgeries hear stories from our constituents that really get to us and twang the heartstrings.
Last Friday, Laura attended my Sharnford surgery and told me of the tragic death of her energetic, loving six-year-old son Taylan from a brain tumour.
All that she asked was for me to raise this matter nationally, and I am doing that now, but I want to go one step further.
Will the Prime Minister agree to arrange a meeting for Laura, and the brain tumour support group known as Angel Mums, with the relevant healthcare Minister to discuss brain tumour research?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for doing what he was asked to do, and raising that case here.
The loss of a child is unbearable, and I think that most us, including me, simply do not know how we would be able to react.
I am sure that the whole House will want to send its deepest condolences to Laura, and to all Taylan’s family and friends.
I will happily ensure that the meeting the hon.
Gentleman has requested takes place, so that we can give a reassurance that we are committed to supporting lifesaving and life-improving research and doing all we can to improve the way in which in we prevent, detect, manage and treat cancer.
Like many people in Peterborough, I am passionate about tackling low pay and insecure work, especially for young people.
Next month many of my constituents will receive a welcome boost in their pay packets owing to the increase in the national minimum wage that is being delivered by this Labour Government.
May I thank the Prime Minister for ignoring the voices of those on the Opposition Benches who continue to oppose our plans to make work pay, and may I urge him to go further and faster in delivering our plan for change for working people?
I thank my hon.
Friend, who does a superb job for Peterborough.