A fundamental part of halving violence against women and girls has be looking at exactly the issue she has talked about—the femicide of women, and how we can all work together in a multi-agency way to ensure that I do not have to read out names like Natalie McNally’s.
Will the Minister discuss with the Home Secretary how best we can bring to account, albeit belatedly, those still surviving who aided and abetted Mohamed Fayed in the rape and sexual assault of young women and girls?
The Home Secretary and I have very much discussed that.
While there are ongoing police investigations, it would be inappropriate for me to make any further comment.
However, having met some of those affected, I want to see exactly what the right hon.
Gentleman wants to see.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
The Minister and many colleagues in this place will be aware of the groundbreaking new Netflix programme “Adolescence”.
It is chilling, but is rightfully forcing a national conversation about the dangerous content seen by young men and boys, with fatal consequences.
Given the important role that schools play in preventing violence against women and girls, will the Minister provide an update on what is being done with the Department for Education to counter misogyny and extreme violence, in order to enable a safe future for young boys and girls?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that including men and boys in the conversation about how we prevent future violence against women and girls will be absolutely fundamental.
A huge portion of the new violence against women and girls strategy is focused on prevention, and what we can do in our schools, our workplaces and elsewhere to reach men and boys, in order to change the future.
I have been contacted by a number of women in my constituency who are victims of domestic violence, and whose partners continue to exert control over them through the family court process and the presumption that they will be able to access their children.
Will the Minister meet me, or inform me of what she is doing with the Ministry of Justice to help those women escape that control?
I work hand in glove with my counterparts in the Ministry of Justice on the violence against women and girls strategy, and I have long-standing concerns—as the hon.
Lady does—about the presumption of contact and family court issues.
Those issues will form the subject of part of our reforms, and are being looked into.
I will gladly meet the hon.
Lady.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
In January, the Labour Government committed to assisting five local inquiries, including one in Oldham.
into grooming gangs and rape gangs.
Two months on, we have had no update from the Government about the other locations.
In which towns can women and girls now sleep safely in their beds?
When and where will the other four inquiries take place, and what do the Government plan to do about the other 45 towns and cities across the country in which those gangs have reportedly operated?
What the Government plan to do across the country is more than was done before.
The House should expect an update very soon exactly on all the plans that the Home Secretary laid out.
She said that the announcement would come before Easter, and I beg the shadow Minister to have the patience she showed with her own Government when they offered none of these things.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
This Government celebrated International Women’s Day and Women’s History Month by accelerating action to change women’s lives.
That means greater opportunities in the workplace and ensuring that our streets are safe for women and that we have better public services for our women and their families.
Harnessing the talents and skills of all women will boost our economy.