May I thank the Prime Minister for ignoring the voices of those on the Opposition Benches who continue to oppose our plans to make work pay, and may I urge him to go further and faster in delivering our plan for change for working people?
I thank my hon.
Friend, who does a superb job for Peterborough.
We are proud of the fact that our Employment Rights Bill is tackling the cost of insecure work, and that we are delivering that pay rise for 3 million of the lowest-paid.
We know that the Leader of the Opposition opposes all that.
She thinks that the minimum wage is a burden, and that maternity pay is excessive.
It is the same old Tories.
They opposed the minimum wage in the first place; they have learnt absolutely nothing.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
The Chancellor claimed that her Budget was “a once-in-a-Parliament reset”, so why are we having an emergency Budget next week?
We have delivered record investment into this country, we have had three interest rate cuts in a row and wages are going up faster than prices, which is a massive cost of living boost.
That is in only eight   months, after 14 years of absolute failure.
What did the Conservatives leave?
Interest rates were at 11% and there was a massive £22 billion black hole in the economy.
They crashed the economy; we are rebuilding Britain.
The Prime Minister knows why we are having an emergency Budget.
It is because since the last one—since the Chancellor delivered her Budget in October—growth is down, borrowing is up and she has destroyed business confidence.
Does the Prime Minister now regret raising taxes on business?
The Office for Budget Responsibility will present its numbers and there will be a spring statement next week.
We have record investment into this country and interest rates have been cut.
The Leader of the Opposition talks about national insurance.
We had to fill the £22 billion black hole that the Conservatives left.
We have invested in the NHS, schools and public services.
We are pressing on with planning, with infrastructure and regulation.
I understand the Leader of the Opposition is straight-talking, so perhaps she can help us with this.
Is she going to reverse the national insurance contributions increase?
If not, what is the point?
If so, what other taxes is she raising to fill the hole—one way or another?
The only black hole is the one that the Prime Minister is digging.
He has shown absolutely no regret, but everybody knows that the Chancellor has made a mistake.
That is why they are having an emergency Budget.
Later today, Conservatives will vote to exempt hospices, pharmacies and care providers from her national insurance rise.
Will he at the very least support exempting those vulnerable services from his jobs tax?
I notice the Leader of the Opposition did not say that the Conservatives would reverse the national insurance rises.
That is exactly it: she wants all the benefits, but they cannot say how they are going to pay for them.
She carps from the sidelines, but cannot make her mind up whether she supports or does not support national insurance rises.
We have made provision for hospices and we have made provisions for charities, but we had to secure the economy.
We had to fill the £22 billion black hole that they disgracefully left.
The Prime Minister has not made these provisions.
He keeps talking about Budget benefits.
Unemployment is not a benefit; businesses closing are not benefits.
I asked him whether he would exempt hospices—even children’s hospices—from the jobs tax.
He did not answer that question.
His MPs know that this could affect end of life care, so I will ask the same question again: will he exempt hospices from paying his jobs tax?