It is totally unacceptable for anyone to feel intimidated or unsafe due to the actions of reckless and selfish individuals.
Whatever the vehicle, our Bill gives police forces stronger powers to seize them immediately and put a stop to antisocial behaviour.
That is our plan for change in action, making our streets and communities safer.
Having had 14 years to get ready, Labour came into power with no plan to reform welfare.
Now, in a panic because of their economic mismanagement, the Government are cutting benefits for disabled people without consulting them at all.
It probably says in the Prime Minister’s folder that the High Court ruled that the Conservatives’ consultation was too short, but at least we consulted.
The Government are not consulting at all.
Will the Prime Minister explain why he is doing things to disabled people and not with them?
No, what it says in my folder is that the Conservatives had 14 years—[Interruption.]
They did not need to consult; they just had to get on with it.
They had a majority of 80 for their last five years of Government.
They are now carping on about some of their ideas.
They had 14 years and they did not implement a single one; they simply broke the system.
They are in no place to lecture other people.
According to the charity Shelter, there are more homeless children in my city of Edinburgh than in the whole of Wales.
That is an appalling legacy of 18 years of SNP Government.
Does the Prime Minister agree that there should be no homeless children, and will he work with me, the Scottish Parliament and anyone who will listen to end child homelessness in Scotland?
The situation that my hon.
Friend describes is an appalling indictment of the SNP record.
The Conservative party left record homelessness in England.
The SNP record is equally shameful: a record number of children in temporary accommodation.
We are investing £1 billion to tackle homelessness, abolishing no-fault evictions and building 1.5 million new homes.
Meanwhile, the SNP has cut its affordable housing budget.
It has had the largest settlement since devolution.
It has the power and the money; now it is time that it started delivering.
This morning, I received an email from Santander informing me that the Bognor Regis and Rustington branches in my constituency are both set to close.
With four other bank branches having shut across the constituency in 2023 alone, the most vulnerable members of our society are being gradually cut off from essential banking services.
Small cash-based businesses will also struggle to deposit their takings, faced with the added burden of travelling to Chichester or Worthing, making it even harder for them to operate.
What decisive action is the Prime Minister taking to guarantee that people and businesses in my constituency and across the country are not left without access to cash and vital banking services?
We are rolling out 350 banking hubs across all communities.
I will happily arrange for the hon.
Lady to have a meeting with the Minister to discuss how that might affect her constituency.
First, let me welcome the Prime Minister’s announcement of £200 million from the National Wealth Fund for the industrial future of Grangemouth.
Today, I want to ask specifically about the workers facing redundancy.
Given the assurances from the Prime Minister on 18 February and repeated by Anas Sarwar, the Scottish Labour Leader, as recently as 4 March, can the Prime Minister confirm that the guarantee given on 18 months’ paid protection will be honoured for all those workers losing their jobs due to the Grangemouth refinery closure, including the shared services workers, and will he say how the payment can be claimed by all those affected?
Petroineos has said that every employee made redundant will get 18 months’ full pay.