Gentleman alluded to is important funding to help hospices improve their buildings, equipment and accommodation, to ensure that patients receive the best care possible.
As I said a few moments ago, there will be £26 million of revenue to support children and young people’s hospices.
More widely, the Government provide for charities, including hospices, through the wider tax regime, which is among the most generous in the world.
That included tax reliefs for charities and their donors worth just over £6 billion for the tax year to April 2024.
Finally, as the right hon.
Gentleman will know, all charities, including hospices that are set up as charities, can benefit from the employment allowance that the Bill more than doubles, from £5,000 to £10,500.
That will benefit charities of all sizes, particularly the smallest.
The Minister knows that that is funding for one year, and mainly for buildings, as he has admitted.
This will be a cost on hospices every single year going forward.
It will be cumulative and mean that hospices have to ask their communities for more and more, just to give that basic help.
Will he commit to funding children’s hospices by the £4.9 million that the Government are taking off them every year, or not—yes or no?
The points I was making before I gave way to the right hon.
Gentleman are recurrent features of the tax system.
The support through the tax regime for charities and their donors, which was worth more than £6 billion in April 2024, is a feature of the system that happens every year.
The increase in the employment allowance from £5,000 to £10,500, which will benefit hospices that are set up as charities, is a permanent change that we are making through the Bill.
As is evident to many hon.
Members, the Minister has, for the first time, found himself unable to answer some very straightforward questions from Opposition Members about the difference between the allocation of funding for capital expenditure and for current expenditure, and the impact that that difference will have on our hospices, children’s hospices, GPs and others affected by Labour’s jobs tax.
I am sure Members of the House of Lords who brought these amendments back will also have noticed that the Minister has been unable to answer those questions.
Prior to the Bill going back to the House of Lords, will the Minister agree to speak to the Chancellor or the Chief Secretary to the Treasury to get a clear  answer to the questions that have been raised today about which money will be available for capital and which money will be available to offset the national insurance charge increase?
I am sorry that the hon.
Gentleman felt that I was being unclear—I think I was being perfectly clear on the Government’s position.
He may not agree with that position—he is entitled not to—but on the employer national insurance contribution changes I have been very clear that the Government will provide support directly to central Government, local government and public corporations, such as Departments and other public sector employers, as was the case under his Government with the health and social care levy.
That does not apply to GPs, dentists, hospices and the other organisations that we have been discussing today.
The important point that I was making, which I hope was clear to him and his colleagues on the Conservative Benches, was about the wider support that the Government are providing to hospices, the funding that we are providing to GPs and the discussions we are having with other primary care providers.
That is the context in which the Bill has to be seen.
We are able to take decisions around funding for public services because of the difficult decisions that we took at the Budget last year, and this Bill implements one of those decisions.