Aberdeen mosque and Islamic centre in my constituency was vandalised while worshippers were inside.
I am pleased that the local community came together and helped with the clean-up.
The University of Glasgow has published a report that says that one in three Muslim students are victims of Islamophobic abuse.
Does the Minister agree that the Government and the House have a responsibility to ensure that racist stereotypes are not putting our Muslim community at risk of a rise in hate crime and far-right extremism?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right.
It is important that we tackle religious and racial hatred in all its forms.
As well as overt discrimination, there are many hidden ethnic disparities, particularly in healthcare.
Mortality rates in maternity services are four times higher for black women and twice as high for Asian women.
What discussions is the Minister having with the Department of Health and Social Care to address those huge inequalities in maternity care?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right.
There are stark inequalities in maternal health, mental health and a range of other areas, including infant mortality.
She is absolutely right that that must be tackled.
We are working across Government and with the Department of Health and Social Care on those issues.
I call the shadow Minister.
Does the Minister think it is acceptable for anyone in this country to say that people should “pray for victory” for Hamas over Israel, or for anyone to celebrate the  7 October  attacks as a David-over-Goliath situation?
If not, why did the Prime Minister invite Adam Kelwick, who has said such despicable things, to No.
10 just last week?
Will the Minister apologise on behalf of the Prime Minister to the Jewish community, who need to know that this Government will stand with them against violence, hatred and division—and, in fact, with communities of all races and religions?
All communities need to be supported.
The shadow Minister knows that Hamas is a proscribed organisation, and we will not tolerate antisemitism at any point, or in any way.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help tackle violence against women and girls.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help tackle violence against women and girls.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help tackle violence against women and girls.
We will deliver a cross-Government violence against women and girls strategy, and we are already taking significant steps to ensure that VAWG is treated as the national emergency that it is.
That includes embedding the first domestic abuse specialists in 999 control rooms under Raneem’s law, starting in five police forces, and further extending the roll-out of domestic abuse protection orders to Cleveland and north Wales.
I thank the Minister for her answer.
A constituent of mine in Southampton Itchen suffered horrendous domestic and sexual abuse while she was a serving police officer, but inexplicably the rules did not allow her to take her complaint to the Independent Office for Police Conduct, and made her a victim of the very system that was meant to offer her protection.
Does the Minister agree that a woman’s right to get justice should not depend on the job that she happens to do?
Will she meet me and my constituent to discuss the changes needed so that we can better protect dedicated public servants such as her?
I absolutely agree.
I am more than happy to meet my hon.
Friend and his constituent.
Allegations of any crime involving serving police officers should be investigated robustly and independently by the police.
Outside of criminal investigations, disciplinary investigations, including those involving serious assault and sexual violence, are referred to the IOPC under mandatory referral criteria, but there is more to do.
In my constituency of Stevenage, we have an excellent charity called SADA—Survivors Against Domestic Abuse.
Such charities rely on multi-agency working to deliver essential services to those affected by domestic abuse.