Elsewhere in the United Kingdom, the removal of the ringfencing of money given to devolved Administrations for agricultural payments leaves farmers there feeling vulnerable to adverse change.
That is why this market now needs direct and meaningful intervention.
Without it, we risk losing domestic food production and any notion of food security.
If, as the Prime Minister says, food security is national security, his Government should act urgently to allow our farmers to get a fair price for the food they produce.
I was in government when the Groceries Code Adjudicator was set up.
I do not think anyone believed that the GCA would be the last word in the regulation of the food supply chain, but we all took the view that it was better to have something than to have nothing.
Twelve years on from its creation, the limitations of the adjudicator are apparent for all to see.
The office has fewer than 10 staff, all seconded from other public bodies, and it is funded by a levy on supermarkets.
To expect an operation of that size to take on some of the largest retail businesses in the country is laughable.
It is hardly surprising, then, that businesses supplying supermarkets are reluctant to make complaints, especially when the office has not issued a single fine in its entire existence.
Cases that are pursued end up with settlements and non-disclosure agreements.
Since publicising my Bill, I have spoken to a number of producers who have told me about their experience at the hands of supermarkets.
Just yesterday, I spoke to a businessman who had been a supplier of Brussels sprouts to a large supermarket.
His company had, on the basis of undertakings made to it by the retailer, invested significantly, borrowing £400,000 to build a state-of-the-art packing facility.
In 2022-23, that one supermarket accounted for 47% of its business.
Then, in February 2023, the company was told by the supermarket that its supply was no longer wanted for that season.
For that business, the news was a hammer blow, and despite it being a prima facie breach of the groceries supply code of practice, the GCA initially declined to intervene.
I would love to say that this was an isolated incident, but the GCA annual survey conducted by YouGov suggests that it is not.
It found that 42% of suppliers would not raise issues because they believed the retailer would find out and that there would be consequences.
The experiences they described included de-listing without reasonable notice, undisputed invoices not being paid according to agreed terms, retrospective changes to supply agreements, running a promotional activity at the supplier’s expense, and much more.
Practice among supermarkets shows a wide variety of behaviours.
Seven of the retailers were judged to have improved or at least stayed the same, with Sainsbury’s coming out on top with a net improvement score of 10.34%.
Unfortunately, seven others—Home Bargains, ASDA, Tesco, Ocado, Iceland, Morrisons and Amazon—  were scored as having worsened by varying degrees, with Amazon’s performance being judged to have worsened by a whopping 21.38%.
Amazon was also scored as having complied with the code “consistently” or “mostly” only 46.96% of the time.
Yesterday’s Daily Telegraph reported that ASDA was threatening a “price war” to regain the market share it had lost in recent years.
For farmers, that is a chilling prospect.
If supermarkets are about to embark on a race to the bottom, we can be pretty sure that it will be farmers, not company executives or shareholders, who will be expected to take the hit.
It is not for us in Parliament to pick a winner in a fight between supermarkets, but they should know that we are watching.
Any supermarket that thinks it can rebuild its balance sheet on the back of Britain’s farmers might find itself in front of the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee, and it better have some good answers when it gets here.