Outside of criminal investigations, disciplinary investigations, including those involving serious assault and sexual violence, are referred to the IOPC under mandatory referral criteria, but there is more to do.
In my constituency of Stevenage, we have an excellent charity called SADA—Survivors Against Domestic Abuse.
Such charities rely on multi-agency working to deliver essential services to those affected by domestic abuse.
How are the Government continuing to support organisations in working closely together to continue to provide effective services to those who have suffered domestic abuse?
I thank SADA for the amazing work that it does.
In December 2024, we prioritised confirming funding for those delivering frontline services.
In the next few weeks, we will work on agreeing decisions about our wider budget that will support the Government’s ambition of halving VAWG in a decade, to deliver on our manifesto commitments.
On International Women’s Day, our community in Tamworth came together to not only celebrate the achievements of women, but reflect on the important issue of the safety of women and girls.
Local women Tamanna and Mckenzie took the initiative to  organise a walk-and-talk event, bringing together key organisations, including the UP Creative Hub community interest company and Tamworth Street Angels.
They had never organised an event before, and they managed to pull together 50 women in just two weeks.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating Tamanna and Mckenzie on that fantastic event, and on their dedication to raising awareness of such an important issue?
Absolutely, gladly.
Tamanna and Mckenzie deserve all our praise.
It is infectious; the first time we do such a thing often leads to the second.
The rising of the women is the rising of us all.
I am sure we all agree that securing women’s wellbeing is key to tackling violence against women and girls, so can the Minister assure women across my constituency and the country that the Labour Government, having promised to prioritise women’s health, are committed to continuing the Conservative Government’s work by making sure there is a women’s health hub in every integrated care board, to ensure holistic support for women?
A Minister to my left tells me that these hubs are already in nine out of 10 integrated care boards.
I can assure the hon.
Lady that I am working very closely with the Department of Health and Social Care on the violence against women and girls strategy, because there are real gaps when it comes to how domestic abuse, sexual violence and other related abuses are dealt with by our health services.
That will be absolutely fundamental to both protection and prevention.
I thank the Minister for her answers and for her ongoing engagement on this issue with the people in Northern Ireland.
The name Natalie McNally will mean much to the Minister; on  18 December 2022 , Natalie was brutally murdered in my constituency, along with her unborn baby.
Can the Minister update the House on ongoing discussions about a UK-wide strategy for tackling violence against women that will improve conviction rates, get tougher sentencing, and provide more support for victims?
We do this in the name of Natalie and the many other women who have lost their lives.
I thank the hon.
Lady for her continued support for Natalie’s family.
When I was in Northern Ireland, it was very clear to me that that support had been in place.
A fundamental part of halving violence against women and girls has be looking at exactly the issue she has talked about—the femicide of women, and how we can all work together in a multi-agency way to ensure that I do not have to read out names like Natalie McNally’s.
Will the Minister discuss with the Home Secretary how best we can bring to account, albeit belatedly, those still surviving who aided and abetted Mohamed Fayed in the rape and sexual assault of young women and girls?
The Home Secretary and I have very much discussed that.