What assessment has the Department made of the cuts, the impact on finances, and the harm that they will cause?
I refer the hon.
Gentleman to the previous Government’s proposal to convert PIP from cash into vouchers, which caused huge anxiety.
We made it clear in the announcement yesterday that we are not going to do that, but we will make changes to ensure that the personal independence payment is financially sustainable in the long term.
That will reassure a large number of people for whom PIP is vital.
Epilepsy is a lifelong disability that has huge consequences for the lives of those who have it, none more so than those mothers who had epilepsy and took sodium valproate when pregnant, and whose babies were harmed.
Will the Minister take time to meet me and my constituent, Janet Williams, whose sons have been affected, to discuss how we can ensure that their quality of life is best supported by the Government?
My hon.
Friend raises an important subject, and as she knows, the Department of Health and Social Care and the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency has set up the valproate pregnancy prevention programme.
I, or a Minister from DHSC, will be glad to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss those points.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
We all know that life is more expensive for someone who is disabled, and that investing in mental health and social care would give disabled people the support that they deserve.
Liberal Democrats believe that if the Government were serious about cutting welfare spending, they would get serious about fixing health and social care, and the broken Department for Work and Pensions.
By fixing that, we would reduce the benefits bill in the long term, but yesterday’s changes, which slash the support offered to vulnerable people, will leave many people facing difficult choices.
Can the Minister assure disabled people, including the 80,000 in Scotland who are still receiving PIP, that they will be listened to, their needs will be taken into account, and they will somehow continue to get the support that they need?
I am sure the hon.
Lady will welcome the additional £26 billion being invested in the national health service in the coming financial year, for exactly the reasons she set out, and the most severely impaired people will be protected under the changes that we announced yesterday to the personal independence payment.
Yes, we will be consulting—there will be a full 12-week consultation period on the Green Paper proposals, and we will be listening carefully to what everybody says in response.
What steps she is taking to help end discrimination against ethnic minority people.
What steps she is taking to help end discrimination against ethnic minority people.
What steps she is taking to help end discrimination against ethnic minority people.
This Government are clear that someone’s race or ethnicity should never be a barrier to success.
As set out in the King’s Speech last July, we are committed to introducing mandatory ethnicity and disability pay gap reporting for large employers; those measures will be part of the draft equality in race and disability Bill.
Yesterday we published a consultation on those proposals, and announced that we have established a new race equality engagement group, which will partner with ethnic minority communities, stakeholders and delivery partners to help shape the Government’s work on race equality.
I am delighted that Baroness Lawrence of Clarendon has agreed to chair that group.
Glasgow’s Muslim community is characterised by its kindness and public service.
Last weekend, I visited my friends at the Hillview Islamic and education centre in Shettleston, and met the convenor of the Muslim Council of Scotland, Dr Muhammad Adrees.
I heard about terrible incidents of anti-Muslim hatred and crimes in Glasgow and the west of Scotland.
Does my hon.