Today, I want to ask specifically about the workers facing redundancy.
Given the assurances from the Prime Minister on 18 February and repeated by Anas Sarwar, the Scottish Labour Leader, as recently as 4 March, can the Prime Minister confirm that the guarantee given on 18 months’ paid protection will be honoured for all those workers losing their jobs due to the Grangemouth refinery closure, including the shared services workers, and will he say how the payment can be claimed by all those affected?
Petroineos has said that every employee made redundant will get 18 months’ full pay.
The Project Willow report, which has come out today, describes how we can support a sustainable industrial future for Grangemouth, which is incredibly important, delivering jobs and economic growth.
As my hon.
Friend references, I have announced £200 million through the National Wealth Fund to secure the site’s long-term future, and that is backed by the £100 million Falkirk and Grangemouth growth deal and the training guarantee to support workers into good jobs.
Those are all actions that we are taking on this very important issue.
Today, the House of Lords considers the Infected Blood Compensation Scheme Regulations 2025, which diverge from the proposals of the inquiry report and the Government response.
The regulations introduce new exclusions, treat victims inconsistently and downgrade some previously agreed awards, such as that for my constituent Owen Savill.
Will the Prime Minister remember the promise made to victims such as Owen and think again?
The victims of this scandal have suffered unspeakably.
I am pleased that at the Budget we set aside £11.8 billion to compensate them for this appalling scandal.
I gently point out that the Conservative  party was committed, rightly, to the compensation but did not provide a single penny in the column to pay for it.
The Infected Blood Compensation Authority has been established and it began to make payments last year, with over £1 billion of interim payments having been made.
We remain completely committed to co-operating with the inquiry and acting on its recommendations.
Everyone is talking about “Adolescence”, the series by Knowsley’s own Stephen Graham and Christine Tremarco, which highlights online male radicalisation and violence against girls.
The creators of the show are calling for screenings in Parliament and schools to spark change.
Will the Prime Minister back the campaign to counter toxic misogyny early and give young men the role models that they deserve?
Yes.
At home we are watching “Adolescence” with our children—I have a 16-year-old boy and a 14-year-old girl.
It is a very good drama to watch.
The violence carried out by young men, influenced by what they see online, is a real problem.
It is abhorrent and we have to tackle it.
We are putting in specialist rape and sexual offences teams in every police force and doing work on 999 calls, but this is also a matter of culture.
It is important that, across the whole House, we tackle this emerging and growing problem.
The Liberal Democrats have long called for a UK-EU youth mobility scheme.
Polling has repeatedly shown that the majority of Brits support the idea, including my constituents in Epsom and Ewell.
A well-structured and controlled scheme would show that the Government are serious about providing opportunities for young people and backing British business.
Will the Prime Minister stop sitting on the fence and finally commit to a youth mobility scheme?
We are working closely with our European colleagues, and the EU in particular, on a reset of the relationship.
We will not be returning to freedom of movement—I have made that clear repeatedly —but we are making good progress.
The previous Government failed to properly support further and adult education over the past 14 years.
In contrast, the Prime Minister’s personal commitment to technical qualifications has been encouraging.
Last year’s Budget provided a welcome boost to some parts of the sector, but need and demand are outstripping available funding.