The President made absolutely clear his commitment to article 5 of NATO, made absolutely clear that he would have our backs because of the relationship between our parties, and agreed that our teams would sit down together to talk through security guarantees.
I have spoken to him, I think, three times since then on the telephone, because it is vitally important that we work with the US, with Europe and with Ukraine and ensure that if there is a deal, it has proper security guarantees in place.
I know that the Prime Minister is unable to comment on specific intelligence matters, and I am certainly not asking him to do that.
However, there are concerning reports that the United States has instructed Britain to suspend intelligence sharing with Ukraine, and there are other reports that Five Eyes itself may be at risk.
We need to ensure that America does not disengage.
There are some in the House who argue that Europe should go it alone, but does he agree with me that without this country’s greatest ally, any peace agreement would place a terrible burden on Britain and our taxpayers?
I agree wholeheartedly.
That is why, as in the debate we had just two days ago, I have always been clear that we need to ensure that the US, the UK, Europe and Ukraine are working together, but we must not choose between the US and Europe; we never have historically, and we are not going to do so now.
I thank the Prime Minister for his comments on that.
He will know that it is not just the security situation that worries people; they are also concerned about trade wars and the economic impact of tariffs such as those levelled on Canada and Mexico yesterday.
The best way to avoid America putting tariffs  on Britain is to reach agreement on a trade deal.
Following the Prime Minister’s trip to Washington, have talks on a UK-US trade deal begun?
I was pleased that in the meeting last week we did discuss an economic deal and agreed that our teams would indeed sit down rapidly to talk through a deal.
That is what they are doing.
As the right hon.
Lady rightly says, that is far better than getting drawn into conflict in relation to tariffs.
I am glad that the Prime Minister has confirmed that those talks have started.
People across our country are worried—worried about national security; worried about whether we can equip our military fast enough; and worried about whether we will deploy troops in Ukraine, and whether we will be able to keep the peace.
They are also worried about our economic security—can we afford all this?
The world is changing fast and we need an entirely new approach to our economy and our energy security.
The Budget last year halted growth with higher taxes and higher borrowing.
Yesterday, farmers were protesting in Whitehall again.
People are hurting.
Will the Prime Minister now change course so we can have the economic security that we know we need for our national security?
We were doing so well. [
Laughter.]
What we inherited was insecurity in our economy.
We inherited a £22 billion black hole, and we have now turned that around.
We have got the highest investment coming into our economy.
We have got wages higher than prices, and interest rates have been cut three times.
That is the difference between stability with Labour and instability with the Conservative party.
I commend the Prime Minister for the decisive leadership that he has shown in Europe and at home to bolster our collective security.
The £13.4 billion increase in defence spending has been very much welcomed in my constituency.
Will the Prime Minister outline how that increase in defence spending will boost jobs and growth in places such as Stevenage, and will he join me in visiting some of my constituency’s businesses?