What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on supporting economic growth in Scotland.
The Scotland Office is playing a key role in driving economic growth in Scotland, ensuring that our new industrial strategy works for Scotland and securing Harland & Wolff’s future to protect hundreds of jobs in Arnish and Methil, and I led the cross-Government ministerial taskforce to secure £200 million from the National Wealth Fund for Grangemouth.
Over the next 10 years the UK Government will directly invest £1.4 billion in local growth projects in Scotland.
From the V&A in Dundee and the town centre of Elgin to a freeport on the Forth and local travel in Paisley, our plan for change will bring growth to every part of Scotland.
The formal redundancy consultation process started last week for laboratories and stores at the Grangemouth site, with emergency response and other shared services consultations also about to start.
The redundancies are due to Petroineos serving notice to end shared services contracts because of the imminent refinery closure.
The Prime Minister has announced a   support package, guaranteeing workers’ incomes for 18 months.
Will the Secretary of State reassure the shared services workers who are about to lose their jobs at the Grangemouth site because of the refinery closure that they too will be eligible for the package of income guarantee and for reskilling support from Forth Valley college?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this issue in the House, and for protecting workers in his constituency.
The UK Government are fully committed to seeking a sustainable industrial future for Grangemouth and all its workers.
Following the work of the Scotland Office-led taskforce, the Prime Minister announced that the National Wealth Fund will provide £200 million of investment for the Grangemouth site.
The UK Government, working with the Scottish Government, are providing a training guarantee for all staff at the refinery to support them into good jobs, and my hon.
Friend will be pleased to hear that Unite the Union has welcomed the funding and said that the package
“safeguards Scotland’s energy security and delivers the jobs of the future.”
The defence sector contributes £3.2 billion to the Scottish economy, and Scotland’s contribution keeps us all safe.
The Prime Minister has announced increased spending in our country, which also means more investment in Scotland, higher industrial production and higher incomes.
Does the Secretary of State agree that this shows the difference a Labour Government make—both south and north of the border?
The Prime Minister is absolutely right when he says that the first responsibility of this Government is to protect our national security and keep our citizens safe.
The last time that defence spending was at 2.5% of GDP was under the last Labour Government.
Scotland is a leader in the defence industry.
Just this week, I had the pleasure of visiting JFD in Renfrew, which works with the Royal Navy to design, manufacture and operate world-class submarine rescue systems.
From Babcock and BAE Systems to small businesses and start-ups, I am determined that Scotland leads the way in building our military industrial base.
Given that the defence sector already supports more than 20,000 jobs in Scotland, as well as hundreds in Harlow, does the Secretary of State agree that the Government’s commitment to increase defence spending will also help to grow Scotland’s economy and create more skilled jobs?
For years the defence sector in Scotland has been at the forefront of creating skilled, well-paid jobs, despite the SNP’s refusal to stand up and back UK defence.
This week is Scottish Apprenticeship Week, and I hope that those on both sides of the House—particularly Members from Scotland—will join me in paying tribute to Scotland’s wonderful defence sector apprentices, who do a great job at not just keeping our country safe, but helping our economies grow and building the skills base of Scotland’s future.