I agree with the hon.
Lady about the commitment given by the Chief Secretary to the Treasury at the Dispatch Box yesterday, and I reiterate that the only watering down of whisky in Scotland will be the little bit of water that some put in to taste.
The Secretary of State will be well aware of the manifold range of family-owned businesses in Scotland, many of which are very large and trade with multimillion-pound balance sheets every year.
The Chancellor’s move to change the rules on business property relief threatens at best these businesses being sold off to plcs and at worst their being liquidated to pay their liabilities to His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs.
What assessment has  the Scotland Office made of the potentially catastrophic implications for Scottish enterprise of the BPR changes in train from the Treasury?
It seems to me that SNP Members decided when they came back to the House in July to defend the Conservative Government’s economic record.
We inherited a £22 billion black hole, and when the Chancellor came to the Dispatch Box for the Budget, she had to fill that black hole and end austerity.
It is what we promised, and it delivered £4.9 billion to the Scottish budget, which the hon.
Gentleman’s party is intent on spending.
This is the key point: SNP Members in this House have objected to every single measure in that Budget, but they are very happy to spend the money.
If the Secretary of State wants to help economic growth in Scotland, I suggest he looks at oil and gas.
Ending the licensing of domestic production, which will not make the slightest difference to how much we consume, will lead to the loss of tens of thousands of jobs—35,000 jobs—and billions of pounds in tax revenue, and we will then import oil and gas with higher embedded emissions.
The Secretary of State knows that that is crazy.
He cannot say so publicly at the Dispatch Box, but can he use his good offices to persuade his fellow Cabinet members that this is not a sensible course for Scotland?
This Government back the oil and gas industry in Scotland.
We have consistently said that oil and gas will be with us for decades to come, but that sits beside our national mission to get to clean power by 2030.
It is a mission we should all be backing not just for the jobs of the future, but to bring down people’s bills.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I add my congratulations to those of many others on the birth of the Secretary of State’s child recently.
I read with some interest that the leader of the Scottish Labour party is considering publishing a league table to rank the performance of his Scottish Labour MPs.
I will not ask the Secretary of State to say where he thinks he may sit in that table, but I will ask about jobs and the economy, specifically in relation to the energy industry.
As a direct result of the eco-zealotry emanating from the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, the increase in the energy profits levy, the ban on new licences and the refusal even to defend the issuing of licences to Rosebank and Jackdaw, there will be a reduction in the total economic value of the oil and gas sector of £13 billion over the next four years, with 35,000 direct jobs at risk.
Can the Secretary of State tell the House, as Scotland’s man in the Cabinet—the man on whom we all rely to make Scotland’s case and to act in Scotland’s interests—whether he has made any overtures to his beleaguered colleague at the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero, or indeed to the Treasury, to stop this madness?