Friend has said that Conservative Members do not understand the mess that they have left behind, but I wonder whether they simply do not want to understand it.
Members of a party that was willing to reckon with the mistakes it made in office would at least have started with some humility—and, perhaps, an apology for the mess they left behind.
My hon.
Friend is right to draw attention to the need for a whole-system approach.
One reason why the backlog is scheduled to become worse, no matter how many Crown court sitting days are provided, is the influx of cases into the system, which is actually a good thing, because it means that the police are doing their job and prosecutions are being brought, but even at maximum capacity, demand is far outstripping the disposal of cases.
The case mix is more complex, and that requires a system-wide response, which the Government are providing.
When does the Lord Chancellor expect the additional places to start bearing down on the remand population?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right: the remand population is growing, and currently stands at 17,000.
That has a big impact on prison capacity, which is why I increased magistrates court sentencing powers a few months ago, why I have increased the number of Crown court sitting days, and why we have a record allocation next year.
The demand coming into the system is one of the reasons why bearing down on remand has been particularly challenging, but we continue to work on it with the judiciary; listings are, of course, a matter for the independent judiciary.
I expected a little more humility from Conservative Members, who left a legacy of chaos in our prisons and a huge court backlog.
What we are dealing with, fundamentally, is the backlog that they left behind.
My right hon.
Friend has set out a process for dealing with this growing backlog, but ultimately the blame lies at the door of the Conservative party, which left the place in chaos.
Should we not be hearing an apology from Conservative Members?
Sorry does seem to be the hardest word for Opposition Members, and I have long since stopped waiting for that apology.
All I would observe—I say this with experience of 14 years of opposition under my belt—is that parties that do not acknowledge their mistakes and sort themselves out rarely get elected.
In welcoming the statement, I reserve judgment on whether we need an additional court—an intermediate court—particularly if it will be resourced from the existing magistrates and Crown court system.
Following on from the question from  the right hon.
Member for Stone, Great Wyrley and Penkridge (Sir Gavin Williamson) , we have a backlog in England and Northern Ireland, and people are on remand for too long.
Increasingly, people are being released following a conviction with time served, and there is no opportunity whatsoever for rehabilitation.
Will the opportunity to rehabilitate offenders while they are on remand form part of the Brian Leveson review?
The right hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to raise issues relating to remand.
We do have a problem with the remand population, which is why I have made the changes that I have highlighted, and why both reviews—the one being conducted by Sir Brian Leveson, which looks at once-in-a-generation court reform, and the one by David Gauke and the independent panel, which looks at sentencing—are so crucial.
It is essential that we not only bear down on the Crown court backlog, but get our prison capacity back into balance and have a sustainable prison system in this country.
Criminal justice was an easy target for Tory austerity cuts, which always impact the people with the smallest voice.
Rape victims in Truro and Falmouth have told me that they have waited years for their cases to be heard and had hearings cancelled at the last minute, so I very much welcome this investment.