Members: “Hear, hear.”]
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
The Prime Minister has rightly made growth his key mission, but can he outline for my constituents in Southampton Test how our Employment Rights Bill will not only deliver improvements for them, but put more money in their pockets as part of our plan for change?
I thank my hon.
Friend, who is doing a fantastic job for her constituents.
The Employment Rights Bill is the biggest upgrade to workers’ rights in a generation and will benefit more than 10 million workers in every corner of the country.
It will tackle low pay, poor conditions and poor job security that hold our country back.
It is pro-worker, pro-business and pro-growth.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
Divisions between Ukraine and the US only serve Vladimir Putin.
President Zelensky is right to try to rebuild his relationship with President Trump.
He is keeping a cool head under very difficult circumstances, and I was glad to see President Trump receive his letter positively.
What is the Prime Minister doing to help rebuild their relationship after a challenging week?
The right hon.
Member is absolutely right: we need to do everything we can to ensure that the US, Europe and Ukraine are working together on lasting peace.
I am doing everything that I can to play my part in that, and I am in regular contact with all of the key players at the moment, including talking to President Zelensky yesterday afternoon.
I thank the Prime Minister for that answer.
All of us in this House know that the British armed forces are a huge source of pride to our country.
They put themselves in harm’s way to defend our values.
As the Opposition, we support efforts to resolve the conflict, but we cannot write a blank cheque.
If British peacekeeping troops in Ukraine were attacked—whether directly or via proxies—we could be drawn into conflict with Russia.
Can the Prime Minister reassure all those who are concerned about the UK being drawn into war?
Yes; that is the last thing anybody wants to see.
The whole point of ensuring that there is a lasting peace, and that any deal—if there is a deal—is defended, is to avoid conflict so that we do have peace.
The way to ensure that we have peace is to ensure that there are guarantees for any deal that is in place, because the surest risk that there will be conflict is if Putin thinks that he can breach any deal that may be arrived at.
The Prime Minister is quite right, and we on the Opposition side of the House agree with him.
The objective for his visit to Washington was to get that US security guarantee for Ukraine, and I commend his efforts in that very difficult task.
None the less, on Monday the United States withdrew military aid for Ukraine.
Can he update the House on the steps he is taking to persuade America that it is also in its national interest to provide a security guarantee?
I am pleased to inform the House that on Thursday of last week we did discuss security guarantees.
The President made absolutely clear his commitment to article 5 of NATO, made absolutely clear that he would have our backs because of the relationship between our parties, and agreed that our teams would sit down together to talk through security guarantees.
I have spoken to him, I think, three times since then on the telephone, because it is vitally important that we work with the US, with Europe and with Ukraine and ensure that if there is a deal, it has proper security guarantees in place.
I know that the Prime Minister is unable to comment on specific intelligence matters, and I am certainly not asking him to do that.