Why do the Government  have such perverse priorities, and when will they put the criminal justice system above the interests of offshore wind operators?
We are talking about the highest ever funded allocation in the Crown courts, and 110,000 sitting days, which is a record.
The hon.
Gentleman says that is small beer; I wonder whether he had been imbibing something before getting to his feet.
I welcome the Lord Chancellor’s announcement of additional sitting days.
The Justice Committee has been looking into the court backlog issue, and we have also been hearing about the ongoing need for the digitisation of court and wider criminal justice processes.
We need to replace the creaking paper-based system, which is contributing to the delays.
Will the Lord Chancellor continue to support drives for successful digitisation of those processes, and will she also join me in congratulating the Conservative party on marking International Women’s Day in such style?
My hon.
Friend is right to make that point about digitisation and efficiency.
Following the first phase of the spending review, I have funded ongoing work to improve digitisation of all our court processes, because, as my hon.
Friend has said, we need to move away from our current paper-based and paper-heavy systems.
Part 2 of Sir Brian Leveson’s work, which will produce a report in the autumn, will involve looking at cross-system efficiency as well.
My hon.
Friend is right about the need to increase productivity and efficiency, because that will be the final part of the puzzle if we are to sort out the backlog.
I welcome the announcement of the extra sitting days, and also the announcements about reform.
I hope that the ancient right to trial by jury will remain.
Somerset Crown court in Taunton was closed in 2023, after work began in 2022 because items were falling on people’s heads from the ceiling.
We have just been told that it will be closed for another year, during which victims of crime will have to travel tens of miles further.
Some court users are even sleeping under a bush because they cannot travel back and forth.
We need to get our Crown court open again, so will the Lord Chancellor please consider expediting these works?
I will ensure that the hon.
Gentleman has a meeting with the courts Minister, my hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for Finchley and Golders Green (Sarah Sackman) , to discuss the situation in Taunton.
I am slightly worried about Conservative Members, who appear to be the arsonists complaining that the fire brigade has turned up too late to put out the fire, when they were the ones who lit it in the first place.
I worry that they do not understand the scale and magnitude of the challenge that they left behind, which I have heard about from constituents who have been waiting years for their court cases.
It is getting worse.
It is getting worse.
If the right hon.
Gentleman spent more time providing leadership, rather than auditioning for it, he would own up to his failures in the House, and admit that the Conservatives left the country in a mess.
Courts are not run just by judges; there are many support staff in courts who make the system work.
What cross-governmental conversations has the Lord Chancellor had about ensuring that those staff are available, so that as many courts as possible are operational? [
Interruption.]
The shadow Lord Chancellor is having such fun with his audition for leadership that it would be a shame to deprive him of it.
My hon.
Friend has said that Conservative Members do not understand the mess that they have left behind, but I wonder whether they simply do not want to understand it.
Members of a party that was willing to reckon with the mistakes it made in office would at least have started with some humility—and, perhaps, an apology for the mess they left behind.
My hon.