Meur ras ha gool Peran lowen—happy St Piran’s day—to the hundreds of thousands of people in Cornwall and around the world who are celebrating it today.
Will the Prime Minister confirm our Government’s commitment to national minority status for Cornwall, and will he join me in wishing Cornish folk the world over a very happy St Piran’s day?
Yes, let me wish my hon.
Friend, his constituents and everyone in Cornwall a very happy St Piran’s day.
We do recognise Cornish national minority status—not just the proud language, history and culture of Cornwall, but its bright future.
I know that he and Cornish colleagues will continue to be powerful voices for Cornwall.
Four weeks ago, the Northern Ireland coroner accused British soldiers of unlawful killing after they engaged with IRA would-be murderers.
After careful reading, as far as I can see, that judgment was based on no evidence whatsoever.
More than 100 special forces soldiers have been summoned before those inquiries; not one IRA leader has been summoned in the same way.
Soldiers who serve our country with honour, heroism and skill are being punished in their declining years for doing nothing but carrying out their patriotic duty in the face of enormous risks.
Given how the Prime Minister opened his comments, with which I associate myself, does he not think that he and his Government have a duty to protect those soldiers from such partisan parodies of justice in their declining years?
On the coroner’s ruling, I have not seen the details, I am afraid, so I cannot comment.
On the broader point, it is right that we should protect those who serve our country, wherever they serve our country—getting the balance right is critical.
I did not think that the legislation put forward by the Conservative Government achieved that, but I believe none the less that, in the interests of everybody in Northern Ireland, of all those who served and all those who are victims, we need to renew our efforts to find a way forward on this important issue.
My constituents in Hastings, Rye and the villages are fed up with the constant failures of Southern Water: dumping sewage in our sea, flooding, and leaving us without water for days—all while taking huge bonuses.
We on the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee have been hauling in the water bosses one by one and hearing about their failures.
The boss of Southern Water finally agreed to give my constituents millions in compensation for a major water outage.
Will the Prime Minister tell me how the Labour Government are cracking down on the bad behaviour of the water industry?
I applaud my hon.
Friend for her dedicated work on the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee and in her constituency.
Last week, our Water (Special Measures) Act 2025 became law.
It gives new powers to ban the payment of bonuses for polluting water bosses and bring criminal charges against lawbreakers.
We are determined to fix our broken water system after years of companies pumping sewage into our waterways and infrastructure not keeping pace with demand.
I pay tribute to the Prime Minister for his efforts to bring Europe together to ensure that we work to restore peace in Ukraine.
The war in Ukraine has also demonstrated the need for greater food security and stronger supply chains, but if the Government force our farmers to sell their land because of the divisive family farm tax, they will undermine that.
Ahead of the spring statement, will he think that policy through again and seek to end it?
National security needs food security, farming and farmers.
We put a record amount into farming in the Budget—£5 billion.
We have set out our road map for farming, which has been welcomed by the National Farmers Union.
As the right hon.
Lady knows, the vast majority of farms will not be affected by the provisions that we are putting in place.