Some cases can already be heard in either a Crown court or a magistrates court, which we call “triable either way” cases.
Those represent 40% of the courts backlog, but while a conviction—whether determined by a jury or a magistrate—is the same regardless of the type of courtroom, the demand that it places on our justice system is very different indeed.
An either-way case is resolved by magistrates five times faster than before a judge and jury.
Justice must be done and criminals must always face consequences—on that, I know this House will agree—but we must be willing to ask whether a judge and jury should be occupied, at great length and expense, with crimes that could be dealt with more swiftly elsewhere.
For that reason, I have asked Sir Brian to consider the case for reclassifying some less serious offences, whether magistrates’ sentencing powers are sufficient and the case for a new court to sit between the magistrates court and the Crown court.
His recommendations will come later this spring.
His goal and mine are one: to bear down on the backlog and deliver swifter justice for victims.
The consequences of failing to do so are all too clear—the backlog in the criminal courts will rise, cases will be listed even further into the future, and more victims of crime will decide that the wait is too painful with justice so distant, and as a result, dangerous criminals will walk free.
Today, we have announced a record investment in our courts: 110,000 sitting days funded, which is 4,000 more than the previous Administration funded.
For many victims, their case will be heard sooner, but if we are to deliver swifter justice for all, we must embrace reform.
This Government will deliver once-in-a-generation reform  of our courts, and we will reverse the decline and the delays of the last Conservative Government.
I commend this statement to the House.
I can always help by reopening Chorley court for you.
I call the shadow Lord Chancellor.
It is great to see the Justice Secretary back in the country after her holiday in Texas.
If she can find time to travel to America, why can she not find time to travel to the two category A prisons—[Interruption.]
I will be pleased to hear from the right hon.
Lady if that is the case.
That was not the answer to our written parliamentary question the other day.
Today, the central criminal court has 13 courtrooms sat empty.
In Preston, 40% of courtrooms sit empty, and in Winchester the figure is two thirds.
That is a result of the court backlog, which has grown under this Justice Secretary.
We need to be maximising court capacity, taking full advantage of all available days and probing the judiciary for options to create more capacity.
I know that, and I would like to believe that the right hon.
Lady knows that, but how did we get here?
We got here because, just like in every other area, this Labour Government came into office with no plan whatsoever, and they have wasted their first eight months in office.
Upon the Justice Secretary entering office, the Lady Chief Justice informed her that there were at least 6,500 sitting days available to address the court backlog.
The Justice Secretary responded by adding a measly 500 sitting days, and the court backlog kept growing.
So frustrated was the Lady Chief Justice that she came to Parliament in November and took the unusual step of publicly chastising the Justice Secretary, and reiterated her offer of 6,500 sitting days.
The Justice Secretary responded a month later by adding 2,000 sitting days, and the court backlog kept growing.
Here we are again, eight months on from the Justice Secretary taking office and on the very day that the Public Accounts Committee has published an excoriating report into her Department, with her promising more sitting days.
Is it third time lucky for the Justice Secretary?
No.