For 14 years, they did nothing.
In eight months, this Lord Chancellor has provided 110,000 court sitting days.
Does she agree that the expression that comes to mind is “the pot calling the kettle black”?
I can tell my hon.
Friend that many expressions have come to mind as I have been listening to the drivel from some Conservative Members—not all of which would not fall foul of “Erskine May”, so I will keep my counsel on that.
My hon.
Friend refers to the Public Accounts Committee report, and I gently observe that I was a long-term member of that Committee.
I have the highest regard for the Public Accounts Committee, but I reject its criticism, because this Government clearly have a plan—not just on funding and resources for the Crown court, but on the reform that will ultimately be needed to get the system into balance.
Despite this announcement, the backlog will increase.
When cases do go to court, it is important that offenders serve the sentence they are given.
Following the Lord Chancellor’s trip to Texas, where some prisoners serve as little as 25% of their sentence, will she rule out adopting such a soft sentencing policy?
The Texans had similar problems to those we face today, but they had theirs 20 years or so ago.
Their system of good behaviour credits incentivises offenders to engage in rehabilitation activity and to get help for their drug addictions, alcohol problems, mental health issues and so on.
If offenders engage with that system and get their good behaviour credits, they can earn their way to an earlier parole hearing.
It is the definition of a tough system, because it says to offenders,  “You have to do something good in order to earn the possibility of an earlier release.”
It is a system that is well worth learning from, because the reoffending rates are very low compared with ours.
One of the prisons I visited in Texas has a reoffending rate of 17%.
I dream of that number for us in this country, because every time we bear down on reoffending, that is cutting crime.
It is a strategy for making sure that we have fewer victims in the future.
I hope that if whatever proposals we bring forward lead to a reduction in reoffending, the hon.
Gentleman will back those proposals.
In June 2024, in the dying days of the last Conservative Government and after 14 years of their rule, there emerged a shocking statistic: 60% of rape victims were withdrawing from the court process, mainly because of court delays.
Is that not a damning indictment of all Governments who have taken power in this country?
What is the Lord Chancellor doing to help reduce the number of rape victims taking that awful decision?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: the figure that he notes is a damning indictment of the last Conservative Government.
The announcement we have made today will bear down on the courts backlog, and it will mean that some rape victims get their cases heard as cases move through the system more swiftly.
We have already implemented our manifesto commitment on independent legal advisers, because we know that, in addition to delays, one of the things that causes many rape victims to drop out is inappropriate requests for personal information that go beyond what the law requires.
Those independent legal advisers will ensure that rape victims’ rights in law are respected and that the process does not feel like it is retraumatising women who are already going through so much, and who are waiting for their day in court to have justice done.
Harrow Crown court has eight court rooms and could help alleviate the capacity problems.
Sadly, it has been closed since 2023 as a result of finding reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete in the roof.
It was supposed to open last year.