Of course, Edinburgh University is the best university in the world—the House would expect me to say that as the MP in Edinburgh and as an alumnus.
Let us not hide from the fact—I say this gently to the hon.
Lady—that part of the big funding challenges for the universities is the lack of funding from the Scottish Government, because higher education is devolved.
I will follow that up by very gently saying again that she says she does not want anything in the Budget that raises funds, but she wants to spend it.
I join others in congratulating the Secretary of State on the birth of his daughter.
That is one gain from Labour that even the SNP can endorse!
One of the most important areas that business has identified for growth is a more Scotland-specific approach to migration.
That was touted by Scottish Labour in its manifesto and by its leader, but it was shot down by the UK Government in no time at all, going the same way as the Women Against State Pension Inequality Campaign, child poverty commitments and the winter fuel payment commitment.
If the UK Government will not listen to Scotland’s Labour leader, why should anybody else?
I am very surprised the hon.
Gentleman did not take the opportunity to apologise for his Twitter rantings at the weekend on foreign policy with regards to the Prime Minister.
He said:
“The UK has left itself in an utterly isolated position.”
I think the hon.
Gentleman left himself in an utterly isolated position.
This Government are completely committed to economic growth and to transforming lives in Scotland.
We are already seeing the fruits of that in the Scottish context.
I ask the SNP either to get behind that, or to give Scotland a new direction and get out of the way.
If the Secretary of State had bothered to read in more depth, he would have seen that I was saying something that he once agreed with: leaving the EU has left us more isolated.
He once agreed with me about that, before he went into government—but then, he agreed with me on other things before he went into government, such as tackling fuel poverty and tackling child poverty.
Is the Secretary of State no longer worried about those issues and more worried about league tables?
Is he more worried about being in the relegation zone?
Do you know what is really interesting, Mr Speaker?
Throughout all of this, not once has he stood up for his leader.
That makes me think that we should not listen to his leader—because Labour Members are not listening to their leader any more.
Sorry, Mr Speaker.
I lost the thread of that question about halfway through, but one thing I did take from it is that it was absolutely identical to the question from the Tory shadow Secretary of State.
That tells you all you need to know.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of changes to employer national insurance contributions on levels of employment in Scotland.
Economic growth is the Government’s No.
1 mission.
These changes to national insurance contributions are being made in the context of a resilient labour market, with the estimated employment rate up 0.9 percentage points over the last quarter of 2024.
We are creating jobs and opportunities through our plan for change and truly making work pay, to help raise living standards right across the UK.
The Labour Government’s decision to hike national insurance is a cost on businesses before they even open their doors.
I have spoken to many businesses across my constituency in recent months, and all have said how worried they are about the changes.
In response to my recent business survey, one large business said  that it is now looking to cut up to 25 jobs because of the NICs changes, and that it is beyond belief that the Labour Government have decided to do this.