I recognise the huge and historic importance of the fishing industry in his constituency, and others, and I am determined to make the sector more secure, sustainable and economically successful.
We have already secured over 720,000 tonnes of fishing quota for the year, worth up to £920 million, including through agreements with the EU and Norway.
We also want to tackle the problems of labour shortages, which he will be familiar with.
I am pleased that his constituents in Peterhead will benefit from £20 million under our plan for neighbourhoods, and we will do everything we can in relation to that issue.
Medway Maritime hospital in my constituency of Gillingham and Rainham has today received a concerning Care Quality Commission report, following an inspection of the emergency department in February last year.
Testimonies include patients having to wait up to 50 hours to be seen, and others being told to soil themselves because staff were not available to take them to the bathroom.
Will the Prime Minister please outline what this Government will do urgently to tackle the crisis in our NHS, after 14 years of Tory mismanagement?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this case.
Her constituents deserve the highest standard of care.
The Conservatives left the NHS in dire straits.
We are investing £26 billion and our reform plan will cut waiting lists.
I am really pleased to say that waiting lists are down and we have delivered over 2 million extra appointments to get the NHS back on its feet.
Marriage between first cousins carries significant health issues for their children, many of which are not knowable until post-birth.
When practised generation after generation, there is a significant multiplier effect.
In addition, the real impacts on the openness of our society and women’s rights in our country are significant.
After all, there are significant dynamics in sharing the same set of grandparents.
On Friday, this Government have the choice to let my Bill to ban first cousin marriage go through to Committee stage.
Will the Prime Minister think again before instructing his Whips to block this legislation?
Mr Speaker, we have taken our position on that Bill.
With permission, I will make a statement on capacity in the Crown court.
When this Government took office eight months ago, we received an inheritance from the Conservative Government that was little short of disgraceful: our prisons were in crisis, on the edge of collapse, and our courts faced a record and rising backlog.
While the crisis in our prisons was more obvious and visible, the harm caused by the backlog in our courts cannot be overestimated.
Today, the backlog stands at over 73,000 cases.
Just five years earlier, it had been half that figure.
We should stop and consider that fact, because the backlog is far more than a number.
Behind each case is a victim.
Many have waited years for justice and some will now not have their cases heard until 2028.
With delays that long, it is little wonder that more victims are dropping out, and tragically that is true of victims of the most heinous crimes.
Just five years ago, around 3% of adult rape victims whose cases were due to go to trial dropped out before their case was heard.
Today, that figure has more than doubled.
An old adage has sadly come true in this country: for far too many, justice delayed is justice denied.
Unlike our predecessors, who allowed this backlog to rise and rise, this Government will bear down on it.
We will deliver swifter justice for the victims of crime.
That starts today with a record investment in our criminal courts.
Each financial year, the Government determine the total number of days that can be sat across all our courts and tribunals, commonly referred to as sitting days.
This process is called the concordat.