I will ensure that she gets a meeting with the relevant Minister to discuss this further.
This week President Trump has ended military aid to Ukraine, reportedly banned the UK from sharing US intelligence with Ukraine and is now seeking to lift sanctions on Russia to appease Vladimir Putin, a murderous lying dictator.
Regrettably, it is clear that, for now, the US can no longer be relied upon for security and peace in Europe, so will the Prime Minister provide leadership to our allies by urgently making the decision to be the first leader to release seized Russian state assets to Ukraine under the established principle of international law, so that Putin must pay, as the aggressor?
On the question of assets, we are using the interest on the assets to help fund Ukraine and we are looking, with others, at whether it is possible to go further.
Obviously, I will update the House if that is possible.
But I have to say that, at a time when defence  and security in Europe and the UK must be ramped up for all the reasons that the hon.
Gentleman readily understands, the SNP maintaining its position of wanting to get rid of the single most effective deterrent that we have—the nuclear deterrent—really has to be explained in its historical context.
Labour is rolling out free breakfast clubs in primary schools, starting with 750 schools including Scapegoat Hill junior and infant school in my constituency.
Under the Tories, only one in 10 schools had these clubs.
Labour will make them available for all children.
That will help to break down barriers to opportunity for every child.
I know that the Prime Minister is as determined as I am to tear away the link between background and success, so will he update the House on how we will do that through Labour’s plan for change?
Labour promised free breakfast clubs in every primary school, and the first 750 will open in April, giving every child the best start in life through our plan for change.
It will also put up to £450 a year back in the pockets of working families.
I am delighted to say that two of the breakfast clubs will be opening in the constituency of the Leader of the Opposition in April, and I hope she will welcome them when they do.
On Monday, the Prime Minister talked about creating defence jobs across the country as we rebuild our defence industrial capacity.
Will he and the Government bring forward an urgent plan for skills in the defence sector, and does he agree with his Education Secretary that the strategy for defence skills should sit purely under the Department for Education, and not an under-powered Executive agency?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising this issue, because it is a duty to increase our spending on defence and security, but it also provides an opportunity for jobs across the country—good jobs, well-paid jobs, skilled jobs, as he rightly identifies, and jobs with a real sense of pride, and we are working on that.
My lovely grandad John Henry Richardson passed away in 1998 from work-related asbestos exposure.
Today, in South Shields, we have one of the highest death rates from this silent killer in the United Kingdom.
Will the Prime Minister look at introducing a national digital register so that we know where the asbestos is, and commit to a phased removal of it from public buildings?
I am sure that I speak for the whole House when I say that I am very sorry to hear what happened to my hon.
Friend’s grandfather.
These are just awful cases, and the deaths are terrible.
I have no doubt that he was a wonderful man, and he would have been very proud to have seen her in her place today.
I will ensure that she gets a meeting with the relevant Minister.