We have set out our road map for farming, which has been welcomed by the National Farmers Union.
As the right hon.
Lady knows, the vast majority of farms will not be affected by the provisions that we are putting in place.
For months, my constituents in Doncaster East and the Isle of Axholme have been telling me how fed up they are with not being able to get an appointment because of the 8 am scramble.
The last thing they need when they are ill is to have to pick up the phone and wait, and fight again to be first.
It is great news that the Government’s new GP contract will start to resolve that, but can the Prime Minister reassure my constituents who cannot use technology that they will still be able to book an appointment?
Last week, for the first time in four years, the British Medical Association agreed the GP contract with the Government, worth an extra £889 million.
Patients will be able to request appointments online from October, but I absolutely reassure my hon.
Friend and others that that will free up the phones for those who need them most, and help end the 8 am scramble.
Under his Labour Government, does the Prime Minister believe that the UK’s estimated 3 million millionaires should contribute more to our vital national security, or is it just the world’s poorest, by no longer benefiting from our international aid programmes, or the shameful almost 6 million children living in poverty in this country who should pay for it?
What happened to the wealth tax, Prime Minister?
I think all should, and all do, make a contribution at this vital time.
These are delicate moments for the country, and the Prime Minister has led with British values, moral courage and decency, as a  true statesman, and with skilled and careful diplomacy.
All elected politicians in this House must appreciate that everything we say could impact that diplomacy, so does the Prime Minister agree that a united House could help us to achieve a lasting peace?
Let me broaden out my hon.
Friend’s words to the whole House, because it is hugely to the credit of this House that it is speaking loudly, in a united way and with one voice in the face of Russian aggression.
That is why we must have lasting peace based on the sovereignty and security of Ukraine, but it certainly helps all those observing across the world to see this House speaking powerfully and with one voice, united across these Benches.
I am pleased that we are able to continue in that way.
The Scottish fishing industry, by volume and value, is the biggest in these islands, and in my constituency the port towns of Peterhead and Fraserburgh represent a large share of that industry in terms of landed catch and processing.
I am sure that the Prime Minister enjoys the occasional fish supper, so does he agree that the interests and future of that industry must be secured and enhanced, as the Government pursue economic growth and reset their relationship with the European Union, especially through the forthcoming trade and co-operation agreement negotiations, so that the jobs of people who work in that sector can never be made expendable for the sake of some other interest?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising that issue.
I recognise the huge and historic importance of the fishing industry in his constituency, and others, and I am determined to make the sector more secure, sustainable and economically successful.
We have already secured over 720,000 tonnes of fishing quota for the year, worth up to £920 million, including through agreements with the EU and Norway.
We also want to tackle the problems of labour shortages, which he will be familiar with.