He has suggested that we should increase the of 2.5% of GDP by scrapping Trident, but that is already included in the 2.5%, so it would make no difference whatsoever.
The SNP are not credible at all when it comes to defence in Scotland, and I urge every member of every party in the House to get behind the Prime Minister in our national interest.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to implement the policies in the make work pay plan in Scotland.
The Employment Rights Bill represents the biggest upgrade of workers’ rights in a generation, banning zero-hours contracts, ending unscrupulous fire and rehire practices, providing day one protections for paternity leave and against unfair dismissal, and improving access to statutory sick pay.
With International Women’s Day fast approaching, we should remember that it is working women who will benefit disproportionately from this groundbreaking legislation.
That is what change looks like, and that is the difference that a Labour Government make.
Residents throughout my constituency welcome the improvements in workers’ rights, but parents are greatly concerned about the impact of the growing gap in attainment in Scottish schools between the richest and the poorest, and what it means for their children’s ability to find their first jobs.
This week I have been inundated with comments from parents who are worried about the recent Audit Scotland report on support for children with additional needs; it is a disgraceful report.
Can the Minister assure me that she will use whatever influence she has to ensure that the Scottish Government make education a priority?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise the concerns of parents who are worried about how their kids will get good jobs.
The SNP has said that a zero- hours contract is “a positive destination” for a school  leaver, but this Labour Government will ban such exploitative contracts.
Labour’s Budget delivered an extra £4.9 billion for Scottish public services, but after 18 years the SNP still does not see Scottish kids as a priority.
It should stand aside, and give Scotland the chance of the new direction that it deserves.
I thank the Minister for her response, but more importantly I thank  the hon.
Member for Edinburgh South West (Dr Arthur)  for setting the scene.
He has clearly explained the importance of having children, and the importance of their having opportunities.
With those opportunities in mind, has the Minister had a chance to discuss with the equivalent Minister in the Northern Ireland Assembly how we can better help our children in Northern Ireland, as she wishes to do in Scotland?
I have not had that chance, but I would be delighted to do so.
Scottish education is, of course, devolved to the SNP Government.
SNP Members should think long and hard about the fact that they have claimed that it is their No.
1 priority and yet the attainment gap is growing.
Working-class kids’ education and exam results were explicitly downgraded by the serving First Minister.
We would be delighted to partner with anyone across these islands who wants to increase educational opportunity for our young people.
What steps his Department is taking to support economic growth in Scotland.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on supporting economic growth in Scotland.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on supporting economic growth in Scotland.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on supporting economic growth in Scotland.
The Scotland Office is playing a key role in driving economic growth in Scotland, ensuring that our new industrial strategy works for Scotland and securing Harland & Wolff’s future to protect hundreds of jobs in Arnish and Methil, and I led the cross-Government ministerial taskforce to secure £200 million from the National Wealth Fund for Grangemouth.
Over the next 10 years the UK Government will directly invest £1.4 billion in local growth projects in Scotland.