The principle is absolutely clear: justice must be done in all cases, including in this case.
But I will not go into the details because this is a live case, as he knows.
I am supporting many parents in Exeter who are struggling to get the support they need for their children within the special educational needs and disabilities system run by Devon county council.
One parent told me that their child was excelling, but after undergoing major surgery she needed additional support to get back into a mainstream school setting.
That has not been possible due to the disarray of the SEND system in Devon and that child is now missing out.
I welcome the new money going to the system.
Will the Prime Minister provide an update on Government work that will also reform the SEND system, to ensure that every child in Exeter has the best start in life?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this familiar topic.
We inherited a SEND system that failed to meet the needs of children and families.
That is why we are investing £1 billion in SEND,  alongside £740 million for councils to improve inclusivity and expertise in mainstream schools and to ensure that special schools can cater for children with the most complex needs.
We are working closely with partners in Devon to deliver an accelerated progress plan and we have deployed SEND advisers to offer support to the local authority.
By cosying up to Putin, Trump is making Europe less safe.
We all recognise the need for Europe to adapt.
Germany is changing its fiscal rules to boost investment in defence and infrastructure and creating a €500 billion fund to strengthen its future.
Will the Prime Minister please consider a similar approach, focusing on strategic investment rather than imposing further hardship on the poorest through cuts to welfare and international aid?
As the right hon.
Lady knows, it is important that, if we are to increase defence spending as we are, and to have that fully costed and fully funded, we need to put that plan before the House, which is what I did last week.
She talks about fiscal rules and funding, but I have to say that it was highly regrettable that Plaid Cymru voted against £1.6 billion to fund public services in Wales.
She needs to explain how that helps her constituents and the people of Wales.
This year marks 40 years since the Swann report exposed systemic racism and discrimination in the education system.
Regrettably, none of its recommendations was recommended.
One of the most damning injustices in the report was the misclassification of mainly black children as educationally subnormal, as identified in Steve McQueen’s BBC documentary.
Given the historic nature of this and the impact it had on so many, will  the Prime Minister consider a public inquiry to  provide justice and recompense for those who have been affected?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this really important issue.
All children and young people must be treated fairly, and there is no place for hate or prejudice in our education system.
I will ensure that she gets a meeting with the relevant Minister to discuss this further.
This week President Trump has ended military aid to Ukraine, reportedly banned the UK from sharing US intelligence with Ukraine and is now seeking to lift sanctions on Russia to appease Vladimir Putin, a murderous lying dictator.
Regrettably, it is clear that, for now, the US can no longer be relied upon for security and peace in Europe, so will the Prime Minister provide leadership to our allies by urgently making the decision to be the first leader to release seized Russian state assets to Ukraine under the established principle of international law, so that Putin must pay, as the aggressor?