I commend the Prime Minister for the decisive leadership that he has shown in Europe and at home to bolster our collective security.
The £13.4 billion increase in defence spending has been very much welcomed in my constituency.
Will the Prime Minister outline how that increase in defence spending will boost jobs and growth in places such as Stevenage, and will he join me in visiting some of my constituency’s businesses?
Our plan for change is built on national security and that has to go hand in hand with economic security.
As we return to 2.5% for the first time since the last Labour Government, that investment must mean UK skills, UK jobs and UK apprenticeships.
I was very pleased that on Monday we were able to announce a new hub and new spending targets to help 12,000 small and medium-sized enterprises access the supply chain, which will boost economic growth.
That will be really important in so many constituencies—and of course I will consider my hon.
Friend’s invitation.
I call the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
Yesterday I visited Kingston’s Army Reserve centre and met members of the Royal Army Medical Service who had served bravely in Iraq and Afghanistan, so I associate myself with the Prime Minister’s initial remarks.
On Monday the Prime Minister rightly said that a minerals deal only was not a sufficient security guarantee for Ukraine.
The Trump Administration has since said that a minerals deal is the only guarantee on the table, and President Trump has removed military aid from Ukraine and said that the British cannot share American intelligence with Kyiv.
Both those decisions mean that more brave Ukrainians will die, while further emboldening Vladimir Putin.
Will the Prime Minister tell the House whether he still believes that President Trump is a reliable ally?
If Ukraine does not get a sufficient security guarantee from the White House, what is the Prime Minister’s plan B?
We work very closely with the United States on defence, security and intelligence, as we have done for many, many years; we are intertwined, and of course they are a reliable ally.
We are operating on that basis day in, day out across the world, as the right hon.
Gentleman knows.
In relation to the situation as it develops, obviously our only focus is on a lasting peace in Ukraine.
There are many moving parts and there are many discussions to be had.
What I am doing is staying focused on what I think is the single most important outcome: a lasting peace in Ukraine, which is good for Ukraine and for Europe and, of course, essential for the United Kingdom.
The Prime Minister knows that we all support him in that effort, but may I take him back to President Trump’s reliability?
Four British women have accused Andrew Tate of rape and human trafficking.
British police have issued arrest warrants.
The Tates have tried to escape justice, first to Romania and now to the United States.
I am delighted that Florida has, thankfully, opened a criminal investigation.
Does the Prime Minister agree that people who are wanted by British police for such appalling crimes should stand trial in our country?
Given his assessment that President Trump really is a reliable ally, will his Government request an urgent extradition of the Tate brothers?
This is a live issue, as the right hon.
Gentleman will appreciate, and therefore I will tread carefully.
The principle is absolutely clear: justice must be done in all cases, including in this case.
But I will not go into the details because this is a live case, as he knows.
I am supporting many parents in Exeter who are struggling to get the support they need for their children within the special educational needs and disabilities system run by Devon county council.