I assure him that this backlog has not materialised just over the last eight months.
I can say that as a Crown prosecutor who worked throughout the 14 years of the last Government and saw the waiting lists go up and up, despite the best efforts of the hard-working staff throughout the criminal justice service.
Will the Lord Chancellor confirm that the measures that she has announced will finally allow victims, including those in my constituency, to have some confidence that there is finally a Government who will tackle this issue?
“Flabbergasted” is one way of describing it, and it is probably the only one that you will find to be in order, Mr Speaker, so I shall refrain  from using other language.
My hon.
Friend is a former prosecutor, so she knows whereof she speaks, and I pay tribute to her for the work that she did in her former profession.
The message should go out loud and clear to her constituents, and to people up and down the country, that this Government are acting to deal with the Crown courts backlog.
We have a plan.
We have increased funding, and we are considering the reform that is needed, and has been ducked by too many others, to get the system sorted out once and for all.
I refer the House to my registered voluntary interests.
I welcome the statement.
Does the Lord Chancellor agree that one way of getting cash into the criminal justice system is to reduce the cost of the civil system?
May I urge her to continue to consider alternative methods of dispute resolution, particularly mediation within the civil system?
The right hon.
Gentleman is entirely right.
All the mechanisms at our disposal to reduce the cost of people going to court should be on the table, and we have already been acting to try to amplify the availability of mediation and other ways in which issues can be resolved.
Going to court is always very expensive, sometimes for the individuals involved and often for the taxpayer, and it is important that we keep bearing down on those costs.
I thank the Lord Chancellor for her honesty in setting out so clearly the difficult situation that we have inherited from the Conservative party, and I welcome the measures that she has proposed: the record investment in the justice system, and the measures taken to reduce the number of cases going to the Crown courts.
It is getting worse.
It has got worse, because of the Conservative party.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that, as well as focusing on the measures that she has already proposed, we should continue to focus on reducing crime in the first place, and pursue our policies for tackling youth crime, knife crime and violence against women and girls?
My hon.
Friend is right.
In order to deal with all the problems in the criminal justice system relating to policing, prosecutors and the situation in the Crown courts, we need a system-wide approach.
That means taking action on the crimes that affect neighbourhoods up and down the country, which is why the Home Secretary’s recent Crime and Policing Bill is such a landmark piece of legislation.
We must all play our part, because the criminal justice system has been left in a truly terrible state by the last Administration, and this Government are getting on with the job of sorting it out.
This announcement is small beer, is it not?
The extra £92 million offered for criminal legal aid is exceeded twentyfold by the subsidies given to offshore wind, which amounted to £1.9 billion last year alone.
Why do the Government  have such perverse priorities, and when will they put the criminal justice system above the interests of offshore wind operators?
We are talking about the highest ever funded allocation in the Crown courts, and 110,000 sitting days, which is a record.
The hon.