I am confident that the 110,000 sitting days represent the system capacity, and that is being delivered.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Tens of thousands of victims and survivors waiting for their day in court is one of the darkest legacies of the last Conservative Government.
I feel that sincerely because, under that Conservative Government, I was one of those victims.
After two decades of agonising over whether to report my own victimhood as a child, I waited two years for my own opportunity to seek justice in the Crown court.
That is years of your heart racing whenever you get a phone call from an unknown number.
Is it the court?
Is  it the Crown Prosecution Service?
There are years of anxiety that your perpetrator will retaliate, and years of your life excruciatingly on hold.
Many victims today are being forced to sit with all this for far longer than I did.
The Liberal Democrats and I personally welcome the Justice Secretary’s announcement.
However, we all know that a huge backlog will remain, which means that victims and survivors will continue to be let down.
At a time when victims and survivors need more support during these agonising waits, Government funding cuts and national insurance contribution increases are putting services such as Safeline and Victim Support at risk.
Will the Lord Chancellor outline her year by year targets for reducing this backlog, and will she increase, not cut, support for charities to ensure that victims and survivors get the support that they need and deserve?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his remarks and I pay tribute to him for his bravery in his own personal life, as he has sought justice for the crimes committed against him.
His journey reflects that of too many people across our country.
I have constituents whose cases are trapped in the Crown court backlog, so I hear regularly of the impact that it is having, and I am alive to the human cost.
That is why, at every available opportunity, I have sought to make progress in increasing funding and allocation in-year and have made this record settlement for the next year.
Of course, I know that we need to go further and do more.
The work of Sir Brian Leveson is crucial because we know that without reform, no matter how much the Crown court sits, that backlog will still rise.
I hope that when that review reports, I can count on support for reform from across the House.
I hope that all those who want to see the Crown court backlog come down will want that reform.
We have ringfenced funding for victims of rape and serious sexual offences, as well as domestic abuse.
We will shortly set out our victims Bill, which will include further measures to strengthen the victims code.
The hon.
Gentleman asked about targets and timelines—forgive me, the shadow Justice Secretary also raised that point.
I have committed to once-in-a-generation reform of our Crown courts.
Once Sir Brian Leveson’s review has reported and the Government have made decisions on the recommendations that they will take forward and have legislation ready, we will be able to set out the impact of future legislation to bring down that Crown court backlog.
I am absolutely flabbergasted by some of the things that the shadow Justice Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Newark (Robert Jenrick)  said today.
I assure him that this backlog has not materialised just over the last eight months.
I can say that as a Crown prosecutor who worked throughout the 14 years of the last Government and saw the waiting lists go up and up, despite the best efforts of the hard-working staff throughout the criminal justice service.
Will the Lord Chancellor confirm that the measures that she has announced will finally allow victims, including those in my constituency, to have some confidence that there is finally a Government who will tackle this issue?