However, as a result of today’s decision, more courtrooms will be in use than was ever the case under his Administration.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked what I have been doing and what is the plan.
When I came into office, the first thing I did was immediately to increase the number of sitting days by 500, up from 106,000 when his Government left office.
I then made a further allocation and increased that again by 2,000 before Christmas—making progress on the Crown court backlog and picking up the pieces of the mess that his Government left behind.
He will know that the changes that I made to magistrates court sentencing powers have also freed up capacity in the Crown courts.
We have increased funding for criminal legal aid by £92 million so that we have the money to underpin the system.
That is action.
That is an increase in sitting days in-year and an unprecedented increase in sitting days for next year.
That is what this Labour Government are delivering.
The right hon.
Gentleman will also know that even if we were sitting at the maximum judicial capacity—he rightly referred to that, as did the Lady Chief Justice in Parliament—that backlog would still rise, because the demand in the system is fast outstripping the pace at which cases are being disposed of.
Knowing that, it would be unconscionable if I stood before this House and behaved as if resources alone would fix the problem.
That is why Sir Brian Leveson is considering once-in-a-generation reform of our Crown courts.
The combination of the steps that I have already taken, the funding that I have allocated and the review that will lead to once-in-a-generation reform—that is what a plan looks like to fix the mess that the right hon.
Gentleman’s Government left behind.
It is a plan that they could have had in place when they were in government, but they failed to do so, and now they carp from the sidelines when someone else is getting on with the job.
Finally, as somebody from an ethnic minority background, I do not stand for any differential treatment before the law for anyone.
There will never be a two-tier sentencing approach under my watch or under this Labour Government.
I call the Chair of the Justice Committee.
I congratulate the Lord Chancellor on the figures that she has announced and on starting to get to grips with her baleful inheritance.
However, there is a long way to go.
The Lady Chief Justice told the Lords Constitution Committee last week that she was pressing for Crown courts to sit to capacity.
Does the 110,000 figure represent capacity?
If not, what is capacity?
Given that the backlog is 73,000 cases and rising, will the Lord Chancellor guarantee sitting days up to capacity for the whole of the coming year?
In her statement, she rightly promised investment in the family and civil courts to bring those jurisdictions to, or close to, maximum capacity.
Will she make the same commitment for the Crown court?
My hon.
Friend will know that there is a difference between system capacity and maximum judicial capacity.
He is right that the Lady Chief Justice has said that the maximum judicial capacity is 113,000 sitting days in the Crown court.
We are funding 110,000 sitting days there, because in my role as Lord Chancellor, I must be mindful of managing the wider system capacity—the availability not just of judges to sit in the Crown court but of the lawyers, prosecutors, legal aid and defence barristers that underpin the rest of the system.
I am confident that the 110,000 sitting days represent the system capacity, and that is being delivered.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Tens of thousands of victims and survivors waiting for their day in court is one of the darkest legacies of the last Conservative Government.