GPs surgeries across the Weald of Kent, including in Woodchurch and Charing, tell me how much they struggle with rising staff costs, and the national insurance increases in last year’s Budget put huge pressure on them.
Alongside the investment that the hon.
Gentleman just mentioned, what discussions have he or his colleagues from the Department of Health and Social Care had with Treasury colleagues about protecting GP partnerships from further NI burdens in the upcoming Budget?
Again, I find it extraordinary that Conservative Members have the brass neck to ask those kinds of questions.
They created the mess, and now they are criticising us—it is a bit like the arsonists heckling the firefighters.
Patient satisfaction in general  practice has risen from 67% last year to 75% this year, and the proportion of patients reporting difficulty contacting their practice has fallen from 18.7% in July 2024 to 10.6% in May 2025.
We are just getting started, and I did not hear the hon.
Lady welcome the investment.
What steps his Department is taking to support people with acute myeloid leukaemia.
This Government are committed to improving survival for blood cancers, including acute myeloid leukaemia.
We are raising awareness, delivering more research, and improving early diagnosis.
Blood cancer is the third biggest cancer killer, and the fifth most common cancer in the UK.
That is why we are committed to developing a national cancer plan, with patients at its heart, covering the cancer plan from referral and diagnosis to treatment and ongoing care.
Having consulted with key stakeholders and patient groups, I confirm that that plan will be published early in the new year.
I thank the Minister for her response.
My constituent Ruth Wake, who lives in Brewood, was tragically diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia in January last year.
She has gone through chemotherapy and a stem cell transplant, and while she has made good process and is in remission, sadly the stem cell transplant has failed after nine and a half months.
Under the current rules, if it fails in under a year she cannot have a second stem cell transplant.
I know the pressures that the Minister is under in terms of her time, but my constituent has so little time.
Could she look at this particular case, and also look at guidelines from the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence, which were written over 12 years ago?
Science and treatment have moved so rapidly, and I wonder if the Minister could look at both those points.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his question and offer my best wishes to his constituent Ruth in her treatment.
I thank him for bringing her story to my attention.
I really do appreciate—perhaps more than most—the urgency of the matter.
Although I am unable to comment on individual cases, I understand that one of my ministerial colleagues will be writing to the right hon.
Gentleman directly on this matter in the very near future.
This week we learned about the incredible results of the Galleri trials, which allow the early identification of many tumours by looking at DNA circulating in the blood.
Indeed, I was a volunteer in this trial.
Will the Secretary of State join me in recognising the central importance of medical research?
Absolutely.
The new progress, particularly around circulating tumour DNA, is really interesting, and we are moving forward with more investment in research so that we can bring forward more such treatment.
What recent steps he has taken to increase access to GP appointments.
What steps his Department is taking to improve patient access to GPs.
We strengthened the NHS front door with £1.2 billion for general practice, the biggest cash increase in over a decade.
We promised to recruit an extra 1,000 GPs in our first year—we recruited 2,000.
Patients are now able to request appointments online, which is a huge step towards delivering our manifesto commitment to end the 8 am scramble.