We have already made excellent progress, turning commitments in the women’s health strategy into tangible action.
We are delivering 5.2 million extra appointments, which includes tackling gynaecology waiting lists.
We know, though, that more needs to be done for women experiencing the menopause and on improving awareness and access to treatment.
Menopause Mandate has long campaigned, alongside many Members in this House, for the menopause to be included in the NHS health check.
I hope to be able to say more soon, but rest assured that we have heard those calls.
Earlier this year, a constituent came to speak to me about shortages of the one hormone replacement therapy drug that was working for her after years of misdiagnoses and ineffective treatment.
She told me that GPs have very low awareness of menopause and often recommend alternatives that cause  adverse reactions, leaving her and many other women paying for private advice and treatment and taking time off work.
Will the Minister update the House on what the Department is doing to address HRT shortages and to improve training for GPs so that millions of women get the support that they need?
I thank my hon.
Friend for highlighting this crucial issue.
The majority of the more than 70 HRT products are in good supply, but we are aware of shortages affecting certain estradiol patches, and we are engaging with suppliers to expedite deliveries wherever we can.
We have issued guidance to healthcare professionals under the serious shortage protocols methodology to enable community pharmacists to supply alternatives where appropriate.
Furthermore, we are committed to funding research into women’s health, and we have invested approximately £5 million through the National Institute for Health and Care Research scheme into menopause research, including studies for new treatments to improve outcomes for women experiencing the menopause.
It is being reported in the press this week that women are being exploited by a menopause “gold rush”, enabled by tech giants such as Instagram.
What steps can be taken to ensure that women have access to the very best of information and that misinformation on the internet is brought under control?
I thank the hon.
Lady for highlighting this issue.
The best way to do that is to beef up NHS digital services, as we are doing to the NHS digital app, so that women and all patients can have confidence in the advice that they receive.
What steps he has taken to support the virtual ward programme.
I welcome the Chair of the Select Committee back from parental leave and greatly look forward to working with her again.
Virtual wards allow patients to get hospital-level care in the comfort of their own home, speeding up their recovery while freeing up hospital beds for the patients who need them most.
We are rolling out virtual wards further, so that they become the norm for managing many conditions at home.
Earlier this year, I visited the “hospital at home” team at the John Radcliffe hospital, who run an incredible virtual ward.
I saw them deliver care to Mavis, who is 91.
She was so emotional and grateful for the work they did—we all ended up in tears.
Imagine my disappointment that while I was off, we got an email from the team saying that the funding for that incredible service is no longer there and that they face closure.
This is an example of the best of the NHS.
We want it rolled out to the rest, but if the funding is not there for these nascent services to find their footing, how can we ensure that best practice can be spread across the whole of Oxfordshire and beyond?
The hon.
Lady makes a very valid point: this is about the shift from hospital to community, which we have to drive forward.
In September 2025, 12,522 virtual ward beds were available—an increase from 12,497 in September 2024.