If her party had focused taxpayers’ money on patient services rather than ballooning bureaucracy, with costs increasing both among providers and through ICBs, we would not have inherited the mess that we did, and would be able to roll out programmes more effectively.
We have committed to doing that.
I thank the hon.
Lady for her answer, but I would like her to check and perhaps update the guidance for GPs and the websites that continue to say that it is only available to 80-year-olds who turned 80 after  1 September 2024 , which is not all people over the age of 80.
Reorganisation is affecting delivery elsewhere, too.
The Secretary of State also promised that the continued roll-out of fracture liaison services would be one of his first priorities.
How many new fracture liaison services have opened since the general election?
On the hon.
Lady’s first point, this Government, unlike the previous Government, do believe in experts, and we follow the clinical advice that we are given.
On her second point, as she is so keen on reading our manifesto commitments, the commitment was to do that by 2030.
It is currently 2025.
Our reforms to ICBs and providers, bringing NHS England inside the Department of Health and Social Care to make it more democratically accountable for taxpayers, will reverse the shocking increase in funding that the previous Government put into a leaky bucket.
We are fixing the foundations of the NHS.
We are targeting resources at people in line with our 10-year plan.
What assessment his Department has made of the potential impact of NHS online on waiting times.
The NHS online hospital will connect patients with clinicians anywhere in England through the NHS app.
It will deliver up to 8.5 million appointments in its first three years—four times more than the average NHS trust—finally bringing the NHS into the digital age.
We are cutting waiting times and providing patients with more choice and convenience.
The wellbeing of our nation’s young people remains in crisis, with one in five having a probable mental health condition and the number being referred to emergency mental health care continuing to rise.
In communities like mine in Croydon East, where young people are waiting months and sometimes even years for help, families are desperate for support.
How will NHS online help young people access the mental health support they need, and what impact will it have on reducing the waiting times for children and adolescent mental health services?
I thank my hon.
Friend for bringing this crucial issue to light.
Early access to high-quality support is critical for young people struggling with their mental health.
That is backed by us with an extra £688 million this year.
We are hiring more staff, expanding support teams in schools and boosting support in new Young Futures hubs so that children can get the best possible start in life.
Although initially not focused on CAMHS, the scope of the NHS online hospital is a personal priority for the Prime Minister and has the capacity to grow, and we will consider incorporating it when safely able to alongside other services.
Whatever the impact of these new online services, the Opposition Front-Bench team have drawn attention to the fact that waiting lists in England have risen for the last three months.
I can inform the House this morning that waiting lists in Scotland are coming down.
Would the Minister like to explain why that is the case?
I am so glad the hon.
Gentleman took the time to ask that question, because while we invest in digital services, Scotland and Scottish patients are still waiting for the most basic digital infrastructure.
While we invest record amounts in Scotland’s budget, the SNP’s excuses keep rising.
What he needs to answer is why Scottish patients are living in a digital desert, while patients here in England are getting more and more sophisticated NHS digital services.