We are only just getting started.
As for leadership changes, we all know why they are calling the Leader of the Opposition “Kemi-Kaze”.
A Channel 4 “Dispatches” documentary recently went undercover at an ambulance centre  in my constituency of Gillingham and Rainham.
It showed exhausted staff working under difficult circumstances—the result of years of Tory neglect and mismanagement of our NHS.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that after the chaos under the last Government, this Administration will put staff and patients first?
Will the relevant Minister come to my constituency to meet healthcare providers and discuss our local challenges?
We know that there have been issues with the urgent emergency care response.
We are absolutely committed to supporting ambulance trusts to continually improve the patient experience.
The urgent emergency care plan for 2025-26 is backed by nearly £450 million of funding.
I am happy to discuss that further with my hon.
Friend.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Every year we come here to discuss the winter crisis in the NHS, but this summer saw record waits at accident and emergency, with more than 74,000 12-hour trolley waits in June and July.
That used to be unheard of.
With winter looming and the potential for the A&E permacrisis to be even worse this year, what package of emergency measures is the Secretary of State putting in place to ensure that patients are not left to suffer on trolleys or worse in our hospital corridors this winter?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right to point out that the NHS is already running hot ahead of winter.
We brought forward our winter planning for this year to get ahead.
We are making sure that all NHS trusts and systems have developed plans that have been  tested regionally.
The flu vaccination programme is well under way, the autumn covid-19 vaccination began on  1 October , and we are driving improvements in urgent and emergency care.
This will be a challenging winter—we are not complacent about that—but we are getting the system ready for it.
After years of watching dentists in Cumbria turn their backs on the NHS contract and move those patients who can afford it to private plans, my constituency is now an NHS dental desert.
Can the Minister confirm when the Government will publish their response to the consultation on quality and payment reforms, and tell us what we can expect to see in it?
As my hon.
Friend will know, the consultation closed on  19 August .
We are now considering the outcomes, and expect to publish a response very shortly.
These reforms will improve support for patients with complex or urgent needs by better incentivising dentists to deliver this care on the NHS.
Moya Cole, in Heald Green, is a shining example of a hospice that does fantastic work in a very tough economic situation, but it should not have to rely on coffee mornings and jumble sales to fund its most essential services.
Liberal Democrat research findings show that almost a half of hospices in the United Kingdom are planning cuts this year.
Will the Government commit themselves to funding our hospices properly in the upcoming Budget so that they do not need to cut the vital services that they provide?
I did not hear the hon.
Gentleman welcome the fact that we provided £100 million—an unprecedented amount—in capital funding for hospices, and £26 million a year and £80 million over three years for children’s hospices.
We recognise that hospices benefit from being rooted in their communities, with amazing charity and philanthropy support, but of course we know that the Government need to do their bit as well, and that is precisely what we were doing.
I was very pleased to visit Noah’s Ark children’s hospice in Barnet last week and to speak to the chief executive, who warmly welcomed the stability and certainty that the three-year allocation has provided.