I am really proud that we have provided certainty with a three-year funding settlement of £80 million, giving children’s hospices the stability and predictability they need to plan properly and focus on caring for seriously ill children and their families and loved ones.
I am sure that the hon.
Member will join me in welcoming the certainty that we have delivered for the sector.
I absolutely welcome the Government’s announcement last week that funding for children’s hospices will be extended for the next three years and will rise in line with inflation.
Julia’s House is one such hospice that serves families in my constituency.
However, children’s hospices still face challenges in accessing funding from local NHS bodies and councils, addressing workforce shortages and holding integrated care boards to account for the way in which they commission children’s palliative care, so what reassurance  can the Minister give that children’s hospices will benefit from sustainable financial support both now and in the future?
I am delighted that Julia’s House hospice received £525,000 from the allocation.
I am sure that was very welcome to the staff and the families.
It is also worth noting that, of the £100 million allocation that we made to capital funding, £12 million went to children’s hospices.
That is an increase on top of what we have just been talking about.
Of course, there are challenging times for funding, but we have also provided the sector with a huge amount of certainty and stability.
This funding is welcome, but hospices such as Mountbatten in my area are still making cuts because of the budgetary choices that the Chancellor made and ICB practices.
This is a multi-year funding settlement, but multi-year funding settlements need to be longer.
Will the Minister commit to including all hospices in a longer multi-year funding settlement for stability in the sector?
I find it quite extraordinary that Opposition Members come to this House and lecture us on the sustainability of funding, given the way in which they crashed the economy and left us in a dire fiscal position.
I would have hoped that the hon.
Gentleman would welcome the fact that, rather than the annual funding cliff edge that they left for vital children’s hospices services, we have moved to a three-year funding settlement.
His criticism beggars belief.
What progress his Department has made on the implementation of the new hospital programme.
The Conservative Government’s promise of 40 new hospitals by 2030 was a fantasy—there was no funding beyond last March.
In January, we published a realistic plan that put the programme on a credible and sustainable footing.
We are committed to delivering all the schemes in the programme and are moving at pace with funding in place for design work, construction activity and business case development.
The Conservatives still have not apologised for the appalling state that they left our NHS in.
Torbay hospital is the third oldest hospital in the United Kingdom.
It has a tower block wreathed in scaffolding to stop bits of it falling off rather than it being under repair, and it has sewage leaks throughout.
Sadly, it needs significant investment, which has been kicked into the long grass.
A senior manager described the situation only this week as “dire”.
Will the Minister meet me and hospital representatives to explore how we can achieve the investment to turn this round?
The hon.
Member makes an excellent point; it was echoed by Lord Darzi in his report about the state of our hospitals, and I know many hon.
Members have similar problems.
I have visited many such hospitals and would be happy to discuss the matter with him further.
I remind him that, of course, the  Torbay and South Devon NHS foundation trust has been provided with £7.3 million from the estates safety fund for works at the hospital, and we are absolutely committed to ensuring that it will be developed in line with the programme.