My door is always open to them.
In 2012, a Bangladeshi national was sentenced in my Carlisle constituency for attempting to recruit four girls, aged 12 to 16, into prostitution.
In his summing up, the judge described how the man’s conduct had corroded
“the foundations of decency and respect by which all right-thinking people live their lives whatever their ethnic or religious background.”
Will the Minister take the opportunity to again reassure all right-thinking people that this inquiry will look at everything to find answers, including the role of ethnicity?
I say again and again that it will not shy away from findings where they are present.
Anybody who has done the work in this space will know that that is going to be found, as the case in my hon.
Friend’s constituency highlights.
There is absolutely no sense that ethnicity will be buried away.
Every single time that there is an apparently needless delay—even though it took seven months to put in place chairs for both the covid inquiry and the blood inquiry, and nobody moaned about that—it gets used to say that we want to cover something up.
That is the misinformation I am talking about.
It will not cover things up.
We are taking time to ensure that that can never happen.
The hon.
Lady has been an outspoken champion for the victims, and will continue to be so, but she must be concerned that two members of the panel have withdrawn, and we understand that one of the candidates to be chair of the inquiry has withdrawn.
Clearly, there is concern across the House that institutions such as the police, social services, councils and the courts are all in a position where they have failed.
Whoever chairs the inquiry must, therefore, have full rigour over services that they may have been involved in.
So there is an issue of confidence.
Can she update the House on how the inquiry will report back to the House and what scrutiny the House will have over the actions of the inquiry and the terms of reference?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman, who is in a unique category of always asking a question that leads me to further questions that are pertinent.
An inquiry does not usually report to the House while it is ongoing, but I will take that away to see if there is an appetite for that.
All I can say is that there is no institution in the country, including this one here, that does not have skeletons.
Do I think all politicians would not be robust in this?
No, I do not.
I think some would.
I can guarantee that I can point at people, the hon.
Gentleman included, who would show absolute rigour even against his own.
The independent inquiry into child sexual abuse, IICSA, had a judge leading it and it lost the confidence of the victims.
Three people lost the confidence of the victims.
It took two years.
There is not an institution that did not fail those girls.
That is the whole point.
There is no clean skin, but there are brilliant people who whistleblew and who tried, in every one of those institutions.
That is essentially where we are left with this, but I promise rigour in the same way that, when I saw things happening in here, I was rigorous.
I commend the Minister for her formidable personal leadership on this, and I am proud to sit on these Benches alongside other formidable campaigners, too.
The Minister has reiterated that the inquiry must be trauma-informed, and I know from speaking to victims in my constituency just how vital it is that we are cognisant both of the initial trauma that they have experienced and also of the retraumatising effects of going through the process of seeking justice for themselves and others.