He is right that local services have not been good enough for a number of years.
We will not turn a blind eye to that failure; we will do something about it.
There is a long way to go, but we have already delivered an extra 94,000 appointments and cut waiting lists by over 14,000 at his local trust since the general election—so a lot done, but lots more to do.
I see the Health Secretary is having a bust-up with the Chancellor over who pays his £1.3 billion redundancy bill for breaking up NHS England.
Will he guarantee that, once he has resolved his differences with the Chancellor, not a single penny will be taken from delivering frontline health and social care services or from underperforming NHS trusts to pay for making staff redundant?
The hon.
Gentleman should not believe everything he reads in the newspapers.
I make no apology for trying to cut unnecessary bureaucracy in large national organisations to redeploy savings to frontline services.
His Government really should have taken a leaf out of our book.
The Secretary of State need look no further than Homerton university hospital in Hackney for good performance: it has managed to increase productivity by over 11%.
What is he doing to support great leaders who deliver great progress and to make sure that they have the funding they need to continue with that?
I was delighted to meet my hon.
Friend only recently to hear about the really impressive productivity gains being made at her local trust.
I am keen to learn more.
We need to incentivise and reward leaders for that kind of outstanding performance and we also need to get some of that best practice to some of our poorest performing trusts.
Oxford university hospitals trust is one of just three trusts that do not provide givinostat for Duchenne through the early access programme.
Last week, I attended a roundtable at which one of my constituents, Alex, advocated on behalf of his son, Ben, who is not getting the treatment.
We discussed lessons learned from the early access programme.
Will the Secretary of State meet me, Duchenne UK and the all-party parliamentary group on access to medicines and medical devices so that we can share those lessons with him?
I have had the privilege of meeting some of the campaigners, and particularly the young people affected by that cruel condition, and I understand the hon.
Gentleman’s frustrations.
I know that the medication is being put through the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence process, and I hope that that will deliver a positive outcome.
I would be delighted to keep him apprised of progress.
Can I just suggest to Members that their supplementary question should relate to the tabled question?
That would be helpful.
I call the shadow Minister.
With reports of over £1 billion in costs for integrated care board redundancies and the chief executive officer of NHS England warning that services could have to move to plan B, could the Secretary of State set out what plan B is?
We are absolutely committed to delivering the transformation that we have outlined, and we are working with ICB leaders and NHS leaders to do that in a timely way.
Those savings will deliver better value for money and enable us to redeploy resources to the frontline where they belong.
I thank the Secretary of State for his answer, but waiting lists have risen for three successive months now, doctors are on strike, GPs are in formal dispute with the Government, and the ICBs are cutting 50% of their staff and do not have £1 billion to pay for it, all while the NHS 10-year plan has been published but with no delivery chapter.
When will the Secretary of State come to the House with the delivery plan for the NHS 10-year plan?