Gentleman took the time to ask that question, because while we invest in digital services, Scotland and Scottish patients are still waiting for the most basic digital infrastructure.
While we invest record amounts in Scotland’s budget, the SNP’s excuses keep rising.
What he needs to answer is why Scottish patients are living in a digital desert, while patients here in England are getting more and more sophisticated NHS digital services.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce the time taken for cancer diagnoses.
This Government are investing an extra £26 billion in the NHS, opening up community diagnostic centres at evenings and weekends and delivering 5 million more appointments to catch cancer earlier.
We are making progress: 135,000 more patients have already had cancer diagnosed or ruled out within the 28-day target compared with the previous year—a lot done, and a lot more to do.
A local teacher went to her GP with clear symptoms of a facial tumour but was told it was simply the effects of age.
It took almost two years to receive a confirmed diagnosis, including eight months lost in the system after an urgent referral.
Does the Minister agree that reducing times for cancer diagnosis must start with strengthening systems to support early recognition and  follow-up, so that no one is left waiting?
I wish the Minister well with her own cancer battle and thank her for bravely sharing her experience of living with cancer.
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question and her well wishes.
We are taking cancer detection seriously in general practice, and there is work to do.
It is why we have recently launched Jess’s rule, which is a patient safety initiative that means when patients return three times with worsening or undiagnosed symptoms, GPs must reflect, review and rethink.
That could include a second opinion, episodic continuity of care or ordering additional tests.
I wish her constituent the very best and offer her my sympathies in her diagnosis.
The Government claim that they wish to reduce NHS waiting times, but I have written confirmation from the Government that they have slashed funding for community diagnostic centres.
The consequences of Labour’s funding cuts mean that brand new facilities, such as those at Queen Mary’s hospital in Sidcup, for which I secured £9.6 million of funding from the last Conservative Government, can now open only two days per week.
Will the Minister urgently review that funding cut, so that more patients in Bexley and across the UK can get their diagnostics quicker?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question, but I think he might be mistaken.
We are opening more CDCs than ever before—I have lost count of the amount of CDCs we have been invited to open—and we are making sure that people have access to diagnostics in their community, from hospital to community, with the most access that there has been for some years.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the increase in employer’s national insurance contributions on general practices.
Thanks to the decisions taken by the Chancellor at the Budget, we are investing an extra £1.1 billion in general practice—the biggest increase in a decade.
That funding has allowed us to recruit an extra 2,000 GPs, agree a contract for the first time in four years, and introduce online access.
Does the hon.
Member welcome that investment, or would she cut it?
GPs surgeries across the Weald of Kent, including in Woodchurch and Charing, tell me how much they struggle with rising staff costs, and the national insurance increases in last year’s Budget put huge pressure on them.
Alongside the investment that the hon.
Gentleman just mentioned, what discussions have he or his colleagues from the Department of Health and Social Care had with Treasury colleagues about protecting GP partnerships from further NI burdens in the upcoming Budget?