Hospitals within the new hospital programme are required to be at level 5 on the HIMSS scale, in line with the national digital capability framework.
What financial assistance will be given to North West Anglia NHS foundation trust to facilitate an investment case, so that the rebuilt Hinchingbrooke hospital has a modern and enterprise-wide electronic patient record system?
The hon.
Gentleman draws to our attention the appalling state that the NHS was left in by the previous Government.
We are working at pace to introduce EPRs across the system.
I am sure that Ministers would be happy to look at the case at his local hospital to clean up the mess that the Conservative party left behind.
As a migraine sufferer, I am afflicted about once a week by debilitating symptoms, which always include partial blindness, and sometimes include numbness in my fingers, nausea, brain fog, sensitivity to light and sound, a pounding headache and even an inability to speak—heartbreaking for a politician.
I am very lucky, though, that my migraines generally only last half an hour; other people’s can be much worse and last days.
What steps is the Minister taking to improve support for migraine sufferers like me?
At national level, a number of initiatives support service improvement and better care for patients with migraine.
The Getting It Right First Time neurology programme published a national specialty report that made several recommendations to improve recognition and diagnosis of migraine by GPs.
Additionally, the RightCare toolkit sets out key priorities for improving care for patients with migraine, including correct identification and diagnosis, and NHS England has established a multi-year, clinically led neurology transformation programme—so, lots.
rose—
Order.
Minister, I like your style, but your answers are far too long for my health.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests: I am a serving Norfolk county councillor.
It is two years since the Conservatives in Norfolk oversaw the closure of two convalescence facilities: Benjamin Court in Cromer and Grays Fair Court in Costessey, in the constituency of  the hon.
Member for Norwich South (Clive Lewis) .
This was done without public consultation, and it has been met with outcry from local residents.
This short-sighted move will only worsen the backlogs at local hospitals and reduce options for my constituents who need extra support.
Will the Minister meet me and his hon.
Friend the Member for Norwich South to discuss how we can ensure that these vital convalescence facilities will not be lost?
Order.
We need shorter questions.
I do not know the details of that case, but if the hon.
Gentleman writes to me, I can certainly come back to him on it.
That sounds like a vital service that needs to be protected.
In the Secretary of State’s list of what has happened since his last oral questions, he failed to mention the appointment of our hon.
Friend  the Member for Glasgow South West (Dr Ahmed)  as a Minister.
He is particularly looking at life sciences.
Without life sciences and drug trials, we will not see an improvement in outcomes for rare cancers.
Can the Secretary of State make a statement on what will be done about rare cancers?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to welcome my hon.
Friend the Minister to his place.
I will be honest: in effect, he has been a Minister since we came into government.
We very much welcome the work that he has been putting in.
We are determined to do more on rare cancers, working with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mitcham and Morden (Dame Siobhain McDonagh) .
All the work that she is doing, particularly on rare brain cancers, is much appreciated.
Most young people referred to gender identity services are same-sex attracted, neurodiverse and/or traumatised.
Looked-after children are also over-represented in this cohort.