He will be much missed.
He was always loved and respected in this House.
His brother is the famous Sky cricket commentator.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Home Secretary to make a statement on the recent criticism of the statutory inquiry into the rape gang scandal.
As stated in my previous statement to the House on  2 September  and in my letter to the Home Affairs Committee yesterday, the Government remain resolute in delivering Baroness Casey’s recommendations following her national audit of group-based child sexual exploitation and abuse.
These crimes committed by grooming gangs are among the most horrific imaginable.
Baroness Casey’s report exposed more than a decade of institutional inaction, and we are determined to ensure that such failures are never repeated.
Central to our response is a statutory national inquiry under the Inquiries Act 2005.
It will oversee local investigations and will have full powers to compel evidence.
It will also be time-limited to three years to ensure that victims and survivors receive answers swiftly.
The inquiry will examine safeguarding systems, accountability and intersections with ethnicity, race and culture, identifying failures and good practice.
The inquiry will work alongside Operation Beaconport, a national police operation.
The appointment of the chair is at a critical stage, and we hope to confirm its conclusion soon.
Victims and survivors have been at the heart of the process, with trauma-informed opportunities to share their views.
We have engaged with them on the chair appointment and the terms of reference, which will be shaped by the chair in public consultation with stakeholders.
As has been widely reported in the media, victims and survivors are meeting prospective chairs this week—today, in fact.
This process, contrary to the reporting, was managed not by the Home Office but by the independent child exploitation charity NWG Network.
We are gathering views to ensure that the perspective of victims and survivors remains central.
We must avoid delays, as were seen in the independent inquiry into child sexual abuse, and we are progressing as swiftly as thoroughness allows.
Misinformation undermines this process.
Allegations of intentional delay, lack of interest and a widening or dilution of the inquiry’s scope are false.
The inquiry will remain laser-focused on grooming gangs, as Baroness Casey recommended.
This scandal arose because young, mainly white girls were systematically gang-raped and it was covered up by those in authority because the perpetrators were mainly of Pakistani origin.
It is all the more shocking that when calls for a national inquiry became public in January, the Prime Minister smeared campaigners as
“jumping on a far-right bandwagon”.
Comments like that are a disgrace and are what led to this scandal being covered up in the first place.
Months later, just two days before facing a vote in Parliament, the Government finally agreed to the inquiry, but it is  clear that they never wanted this inquiry and were forced into it.
Perhaps that is why, months later, the Government have said nothing substantive publicly and their inquiry is descending into chaos.
What we have heard publicly is that victims and survivors on the liaison panel have no confidence in the Government or the inquiry.
In the last 24 hours alone, two have resigned.
Fiona Goddard resigned from the panel, saying that
“the secretive conduct and conditions imposed on survivors”
—by the Government—
“has led to a toxic, fearful environment, and there is a high risk of people feeling silenced all over again.”
Hours later, Ellie-Ann Reynolds also resigned, saying that the remit of the inquiry had been widened to
“downplay the racial and religious motivations behind our abuse.”
The Minister shakes her head, but that is what Ellie-Ann Reynolds said.
Fiona also raised the issue of Sabah Kaiser, who has been acting as a liaison officer on behalf of NWG.
Just two years ago, Ms Kaiser described calling out the fact that the majority of perpetrators were of Pakistani heritage as “destructive, distracting, irresponsible”.