I know that the Minister cares and is a caring person, but today we need decisive action.
Given that one of the victims has walked away from the inquiry—
Two.
Given that two of the victims have walked away from the inquiry, will the Minister clearly state how she will ensure that a fully independent inquiry can take place and that it prominently includes victims?
All I can say is that there is a reason that I cannot stand in front of the victims, who I am meant to be getting feedback from right now, and definitely say when the chair will come.
I could have just put my finger in the air and picked out some random judge—we could have done that—but I am listening to victims’ feedback.
Again, I have to stress that that process is not easy.
There are difficult dynamics within groups of  people and the people who we have asked to engage are dealing with difficult things, so undoubtedly, that is not uncomplex.
As anyone who has worked with groups of people who have been wronged, shamed and treated badly will know, it would be a lie to stand here and tell them that there is a straight line and a simple answer—and I am not willing to do that.
I thank the Minister for her continued work.
All victims and survivors have not had their voice heard for too long.
We need to ensure that that happens and I am sure that the Minister is doing that.
Will she confirm what resources are available to ensure that survivors are properly supported through the process?
On system delays, we know that there are still issues with court delays and ensuring we go after all the perpetrators.
Will she give an update on that and on the Jay inquiry recommendations?
I will chair an interministerial  cross-Government group next week to push through  the other recommendations.
Baroness Casey made 12 recommendations, but people rarely speak about any of the others.
This was not her most pressing one; instead, she gave primacy to the policing-related recommendation around Operation Beaconport.
As I said in my previous statement on  2 September , the work on the 216 cases that moved forward is ongoing and runs alongside this.
That is where justice will be served: in our courts—if only they had not been horrendously degraded so that rape victims wait for years and years.
I think we all agree that the voices of survivors have to be at the heart of this.
It is worrying and concerning when two of those survivors do not feel as if the process is properly looking after them and ensuring their voice is heard.
Will the Minister commit to speaking to both Fiona Goddard and Ellie-Ann Reynolds to try and encourage and reassure them that this is a process that really will listen to their voices?
That opportunity has already been presented to them and I would be more than happy.
I know one of them but not the other.
That opportunity is always available, and one of them has my phone number.
On the idea that I do not listen and have not been making myself available, I have tried to keep the process fiercely independent of Government intervention so that it can happen and victims can feel safe in that, but of course I feel sad that this is how it has ended.
Actually, I hope that this is not how it has ended and I will commit to making sure that this is not the end.
My door is always open to them.
In 2012, a Bangladeshi national was sentenced in my Carlisle constituency for attempting to recruit four girls, aged 12 to 16, into prostitution.
In his summing up, the judge described how the man’s conduct had corroded
“the foundations of decency and respect by which all right-thinking people live their lives whatever their ethnic or religious background.”