My constituents’ baby, Bran Tunnicliffe, sadly died last year.
His parents shared their experience with me, and described the wait for a coroner’s report as a lottery that depends on which hospital, pathologist and coroner is involved.
I know that there is a shortage of pathologists in the UK.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss my constituents’ experience?
I am so sorry to hear that having experienced such unimaginable heartbreak, the family then had to go through that additional trauma.
I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend and look at what we can do together with our friends at the Ministry of Justice to improve the experience for families in that awful situation.
For the final question, I call Gregory Campbell.
Some progress has been made in the early diagnosis of prostate cancer.
Will the Secretary of State ensure that when the further progress that we all hope to see is made, it will be shared quickly and efficiently with the devolved regions?
I can absolutely give the hon.
Gentleman that commitment.
I work very well with my counterparts across Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland, regardless of party affiliations.
I think he makes a very sensible suggestion.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
I am concerned that the Health team may have inadvertently misled the House.
In July, the Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation noted that respiratory syncytial virus vaccines were so effective that they should be extended to all those over 80 and those in adult care homes.
The Secretary of State reassured this House in July that the recommendation had been accepted, and provision would be in place for this winter.
When I asked about that today, the Secretary of State said from a sedentary position that he had delivered on that promise, and the Minister for Secondary Care then confirmed that.
However, Government and NHS guidelines still show that availability of the vaccine has not been extended.
How can I ensure that the record is correct?
First of all, you cannot continue the debate, but you have certainly put that on the record.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Before beginning my questions, I meant to pay tribute to our former colleague Oliver Colvile, who sadly passed away last night.
He served as the Member for Plymouth Sutton and Devonport between 2010 and 2017 and was named by Conservative Home as one of a minority of Conservative MPs not to have voted against the Government, which, as a previous Whip, I thought was exceptional.
He was a true gentleman whose eccentricities endeared him to many.
I am sure the thoughts of the whole House are with his family.
We all remember Oliver Colvile very fondly.
He really was a good MP and a nice kind of guy to meet.
I knew Oliver way before he came to this House.
We are all saddened to hear the news.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
On behalf of the Government and Labour Members, I associate myself fully with the remarks of the shadow Secretary of State,  the right hon.
Member for Daventry (Stuart Andrew) .
Oliver Colvile was a decent man and a wonderful public servant—we all share that view.
I am sure that my hon.
Friends on the Labour Benches will absolutely follow his example when it comes to following the Whip.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
Oliver Colvile was loved by Members from across this House.
As it will soon be the 175th anniversary dinner of the Lords and Commons cricket team, it is worth remembering one of the most famous wickets ever taken, when Oliver Colvile bowled and took that wicket in India, on live television, watched by tens of millions.
I had never seen a triumph like it.
He will be much missed.
He was always loved and respected in this House.
His brother is the famous Sky cricket commentator.