Members have similar problems.
I have visited many such hospitals and would be happy to discuss the matter with him further.
I remind him that, of course, the  Torbay and South Devon NHS foundation trust has been provided with £7.3 million from the estates safety fund for works at the hospital, and we are absolutely committed to ensuring that it will be developed in line with the programme.
What recent progress he has made on reorganising the NHS.
We are putting the final nail in the coffin of the  hon.
Member’s party’s disastrous Lansley 2012 reorganisation—so bad that it made me become an MP.
We are abolishing the world’s biggest quango, NHS England, along with 200 other bodies.
The question is: why did the Conservatives not do that when they had the chance?
Yesterday I met Lila, a sixth-form student at Coombe Dean school, who raised the issue of long waiting lists for mental health services for children and young people across Devon.
What action has been taken as a result of the Government’s policy of reorganising the NHS to reduce the unacceptable delays in mental health diagnosis and treatment for children and young people, particularly in constituencies such as South West Devon?
All of us as constituency MPs are fully aware of the state of mental health services, particularly for young people, which is why my hon.
Friend the Minister for Care is working at pace on our manifesto commitments to support young people, particularly through schools.
We also understand the difficulties that her ICB in particular has with its financial situation—something we are also targeting as part of our reforms to ensure that ICBs develop services for local people in line with the expectations that we have set them.
Likewise, in York, children and adolescent mental health services are just not working for children, who are left on waiting lists often with no management or treatment.
In order really to achieve reorganisation in our NHS, would our Government look at local authorities commissioning mental health services, to deliver such services and to meet the holistic needs of young children’s development and mental health wellbeing?
Again, I echo comments on the state of mental health services, as the hon.
Member has done.
As it says in our manifesto, we are committed to those 8,500 extra mental health support workers in local areas such as hers.
It is important that commissioners work closely with their local authorities on mental health services, and I know my hon.
Friend the Minister for Care is ensuring that that happens as part of the reforms we are undertaking.
I call the shadow Minister.
I am concerned that the disruption caused by an uncosted, unplanned simultaneous reorganisation of  NHS England and the ICBs is affecting patient care.
Before the summer, the Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation recommended that the RSV vaccine should be given to those over 80 and those in adult care homes.
In July, I asked the Secretary of State to confirm that this vaccine will be available in time for the winter season, and he said,
“I can certainly reassure the shadow Minister on this.
”—[Official Report,  22 July 2025 ; Vol.
771, c. 677.]
The winter vaccine programme started three weeks ago.
Why has he not delivered on his promise?
We have.
As my right hon.
Friend has just said, we have delivered on that commitment.
The hon.
Member talks about the reorganisation being a distraction.
If her party had focused taxpayers’ money on patient services rather than ballooning bureaucracy, with costs increasing both among providers and through ICBs, we would not have inherited the mess that we did, and would be able to roll out programmes more effectively.
We have committed to doing that.
I thank the hon.