Not only that, but I confirm that the Home Office has asked police forces across the country to collect data on ethnicity.
That was not done before.
I will not be drawn into his point about the chair; it is not up to me.
However, I will say that the gentleman my hon.
Friend mentions resigned from a previous role in this field because he thought that the then Government were not invested enough in tackling child sexual exploitation.
The victims of these crimes were vulnerable children who were ignored, gaslit and dismissed.
Two victims have now resigned because of the process, its failure and their lack of faith in it.
Yet, I hear what appears to me to be an aggressive and defensive tone from the Minister.
Yes, that is because of you lot.
She should remember that those people are watching.
Will she listen to the victims and does she regret that those two individuals have resigned from the process?
I absolutely regret that they have resigned from the process.
Funnily enough, in the particular instance of one of the people, I have had no involvement in that process.
I do not know who are on the panels of victims; it is entirely independently managed by a grooming gang charity.
One of my only interventions was to ensure that the names of some of the voices that I thought deserved to be heard were included.
I have done that on a number of occasions.
I will, of course, listen to them.
Actually, I am meant to be with those panels of victims, hearing their response, right now.
As I have said, I will take the feedback of anyone, both publicly and should they want to speak to me, as I have approached them.
I am always sad when victims feel that they cannot take part in a process—of course I am.
There are many different victims and they have many different views.
There are ones that we hear publicly.
But I want to make it clear that there are many different victims and we have to ensure that all their voices are heard equally, whether they are part of the process or not.
The Minister has reiterated time and again that victims must be at the centre of an inquiry.
Will she tell us what she intends to do to ensure that that aim is fully implemented?
While the inquiry is ongoing, that will be a matter for the chair.
However, I know from the inquiries that I have been involved in that were successful and victim-centric that there always has to be a system for supporting the victims, both with taking part in the inquiry and with the trauma that might be brought up.
Usually, those two things are separate, but I will say this once again: I will not be the chair of this committee.
Undoubtedly, it is about ensuring that victims are protected throughout the process.
Should they want to go out and speak publicly both negatively and positively about that process, I would absolutely welcome that.
People should never be prevented from speaking.
We have to ensure that support is available, regardless of how they wish to gain it.
There should be nothing more precious in the eyes of this Parliament than the protection of children, particularly those who suffered at the hands of these barbaric individuals.
Many of us are parents, aunts, uncles and grandparents and this cuts very deep.
I know that the Minister cares and is a caring person, but today we need decisive action.
Given that one of the victims has walked away from the inquiry—
Two.
Given that two of the victims have walked away from the inquiry, will the Minister clearly state how she will ensure that a fully independent inquiry can take place and that it prominently includes victims?