Would the Minister agree to meet me to discuss urgent treatment provision in my constituency?
My hon.
Friend does an excellent job in her constituency.
I meet her regularly to discuss issues in her constituency, and I am very happy to discuss the provision of urgent care centres with her.
Greater transparency about NHS data should be used to drive improvements, so what assessment has the Health Secretary made of the impact on the Queen Elizabeth hospital in King’s Lynn of being forced to make savings of £18 million this year?
What impact will that have on the need to reduce waiting times for A&E and cancer treatment, as identified in the league table that he published?
We are putting £26 billion more into the NHS this year, which is investment that was opposed by the Conservative party.
As the chair of the all-party parliamentary group on dyslexia—an issue on which I have campaigned for many years—I remain alarmed at the high number of dyslexic people who still need to use mental health services.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we can better serve dyslexic people in Broxtowe and across the UK, and will he consider measures to prevent more dyslexic people from needing mental health services?
I am very grateful to my hon.
Friend for sharing her personal experiences, and I would be delighted to meet her.
I welcome the approval of plans for a new dental school at the University of East Anglia.
What arrangements and incentives will the Minister put in place to keep dental graduates in the most poorly served areas, such as my constituency of Waveney Valley?
I thank the hon.
Member for that question.
He will have seen that, in the 10-year plan, we have committed to tie-ins.
Once the current cohort is through its studies, new cohorts will be tied into doing NHS dentistry for a period after graduation.
I am sure that he welcomes that very important measure.
Jules Fielder is a young woman from Hastings who has tragically been diagnosed with terminal lung cancer after doctors repeatedly missed the early symptoms.
Jules is now channelling her personal tragedy into action and campaigning to raise awareness of early symptoms, and she wants shops like Boots and Superdrug to use their shelf space to raise awareness.
Will the Minister join me in paying tribute to Jules’s amazing campaigning work?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this issue, and I offer my sympathy and best wishes to Jules and her family.
Of course, I commend her awareness-raising work, which is really important.
Her experience is one of the reasons why we are rolling out targeted lung screening and starting to use artificial intelligence to detect discrepancies in screening.
Children in Runnymede and Weybridge are waiting on average two years to get a diagnosis of autism or attention deficit hyperactivity disorder from Surrey and Borders Partnership NHS foundation trust.
The trust is deviating from national guidance on new developmental pathways, and waiting times are even greater if children need medication.
Does the Secretary of State share my concerns, and will he investigate the trust and make sure that children and families get the support that they need?
The hon.
Gentleman has considerable expertise in this field, and I am grateful to him for bringing this matter to light, but he was part of the previous Government, who let waiting lists get out of control.
He will appreciate that I am unable to directly interfere in ICB decisions, but I am very happy to write to the board to ask for an update, and to update him when it replies.
My constituents’ baby, Bran Tunnicliffe, sadly died last year.
His parents shared their experience with me, and described the wait for a coroner’s report as a lottery that depends on which hospital, pathologist and coroner is involved.
I know that there is a shortage of pathologists in the UK.