All the work that she is doing, particularly on rare brain cancers, is much appreciated.
Most young people referred to gender identity services are same-sex attracted, neurodiverse and/or traumatised.
Looked-after children are also over-represented in this cohort.
Is the Secretary of State really comfortable with children being given puberty blockers, which essentially chemically neuter them, for the purposes of the PATHWAYS clinical trial?
Within days of taking office, I upheld the judgment made by my predecessor.
We need to tread carefully and be sensitive in this space.
We need to take an evidence-based approach to trans healthcare in our country, and that is the approach that this Government will take.
As you may be aware, Mr Speaker, Reform-led Lancashire county council has opened a consultation on the future of care homes across Lancashire, including the proposal to close Woodlands care home in my constituency of Hyndburn.
Will the Minister join me in urging Lancashire county council not to take forward these proposals, to protect much-valued local services, and to keep care close to the community and to the amazing staff who support our residents in Woodlands care home?
I absolutely agree.
It has been very interesting to see that all the rhetoric of many Reform-led councils has come crashing down as they face the reality of the situation.
Adult social care plays an absolutely vital role in the shift from hospital to community, and I am very happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss the matter further.
Alton and Petersfield hospitals give excellent step-up, step-down and end-of-life care.
The trust is introducing more home-based care, which is good, but it also proposes closing a ward in one of the community hospitals.
Will the Minister ensure that there remain sufficient beds and sufficient capacity in our local community hospitals for those patients who need them?
In September, Hampshire Hospitals NHS foundation trust reported step-down immediate care capacity as the primary reason for discharge, and at Portsmouth Hospitals University NHS trust, the discharge figure was 13% lower than the average.
As important as immediate care is, we know from the evidence that getting home is better; we are putting record amounts of money into the better care fund to make that possible.
I draw Ministers’ attention to the Prostate Cancer Research report published last week.
It busts the myth that a screening programme for prostate cancer would cost the NHS too much money.
It would focus on the people most at risk—in other words, black men over the age of 45, and those who, like me, have a history of it in their family.
Will the Secretary of State join me in commending this report to the UK National Screening Committee?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his question and the inequalities to which he draws our attention.
We will look at that report carefully.
I am awaiting the recommendation of the UK National Screening Committee.
We will look carefully at that, and I will report to the House on our decision.
The secure supply of medical radioisotopes is critical for the treatment and diagnosis of many conditions.
Is this the Department’s responsibility, and does it support the Welsh Government’s Project Arthur scheme at the nuclear licenced site in Trawsfynydd in my constituency?
I thank the right hon.
Member for that question.
Security of supply is obviously of importance to the entire Government.
My portfolio includes pharmacy, which is a very important part of that.
I would be very happy to meet her to discuss further the matter she has raised.
In my constituency of Stafford, Eccleshall and the villages, I recently ran a survey, which had a whopping 99% response rate, in support of an urgent treatment centre in my constituency.
Would the Minister agree to meet me to discuss urgent treatment provision in my constituency?
My hon.
Friend does an excellent job in her constituency.