Those savings will deliver better value for money and enable us to redeploy resources to the frontline where they belong.
I thank the Secretary of State for his answer, but waiting lists have risen for three successive months now, doctors are on strike, GPs are in formal dispute with the Government, and the ICBs are cutting 50% of their staff and do not have £1 billion to pay for it, all while the NHS 10-year plan has been published but with no delivery chapter.
When will the Secretary of State come to the House with the delivery plan for the NHS 10-year plan?
Not only have the Conservatives failed to get in the news, but they have clearly not been reading it either.
There have been no doctors strikes in the NHS since before the summer, and we have sat down with resident doctors and their new leadership to try to avert future strike action.
The hon.
Gentleman is right to point out that the action taken by the previous committee—unnecessary and irresponsible as it was—has impacted on waiting lists in the last few months, as have higher levels of demand than anticipated.
I say that by way of explanation, by the way, not by way of excuse.
I am determined to make sure that we hit our target, as outlined in the Government’s plan for change, and I think he will find that in the coming months we will be back on track and well on course to achieving something that the Conservatives failed to do when they had the chance.
What steps his Department is taking to improve maternity and neonatal care.
I am deeply concerned by the state of maternity care that we inherited in the NHS.
That is why I have asked Baroness Amos to chair an independent investigation into NHS maternity and neonatal services.
Families deserve truth and justice, there must be accountability for failings, and services must improve.
I am committing to doing whatever it takes to provide patients and babies with safe, comfortable and dignified care.
I should also inform the House that this week I have announced an inquiry into failings at the Leeds teaching hospital trust.
I am working with the families affected to agree on a chair and terms of reference, and I will keep the House updated on next steps.
Pregnancy can be a worrying time for any expectant parent, and knowing they can access their GP to see a person face to face is hugely important.
That was denied to my constituent, Hayley Johnson, who sadly went on to lose her baby, Evelyn, when she was delivered in an emergency at 26 weeks and six days due to a huge misdiagnosis given over the phone.
With regard to maternity support specifically, what is the Minister doing to ensure that excellent maternity care is delivered in local communities so that that never happens to another family, and that when the very worst does happen and parents are suffering the loss of a baby, the support also extends to bereavement counselling?
I thank my hon.
Friend for the work she is doing to campaign for better support in this space and for raising these tragic cases, not just today but in her powerful contribution to last week’s debate.
She is right to say that GPs are critical for supporting women during pregnancy, providing compassionate physical and mental health care and signposting relevant services, which is why continuity is important.
I am happy to report to her that, in terms of mental health and bereavement support, a record number of women accessed a specialist community perinatal mental health service or maternal mental health service in the 12 months to July 2025, but clearly there is much more to do.