Gentleman welcome the fact that we provided £100 million—an unprecedented amount—in capital funding for hospices, and £26 million a year and £80 million over three years for children’s hospices.
We recognise that hospices benefit from being rooted in their communities, with amazing charity and philanthropy support, but of course we know that the Government need to do their bit as well, and that is precisely what we were doing.
I was very pleased to visit Noah’s Ark children’s hospice in Barnet last week and to speak to the chief executive, who warmly welcomed the stability and certainty that the three-year allocation has provided.
After a decade of under-investment in our NHS under the Conservatives, I welcome the progress that has been made on reducing A&E waiting times under this Government, but there is no immediate fix.
Just last month, a coffee shop at the William Harvey hospital in Ashford was converted into an emergency ward to treat A&E patients.
Will the Secretary of State visit the hospital to see the continuing problems with corridor care, and will he update the House on what the Government are doing to ensure that the hospital can manage winter pressures and maintain safe, high-quality care?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for bringing this matter to the House’s attention.
It is appalling for coffee shops to be commandeered as  spaces for the care of patients, and we will not accept it.
I am happy to look at the case that my hon.
Friend has mentioned.
We will also be publishing figures on corridor care so that we can hold the system to account, and the public can hold us to account, to improve the situation that we inherited.
The Arthur Rank hospice in Cambridgeshire is losing £829,000 in NHS funding, which is forcing the closure of nine beds—40% of its capacity.
Does the Minister believe that dying patients are cared for better in overstretched hospital wards than in specialist hospices, and will he please not fob me off with talk of capital investment?
This is about operational costs.
As I have pointed out, we are providing unprecedented levels of funding for hospices, but there is clearly a challenging fiscal position.
I note that in their manifesto the Liberal Democrats proposed to spend only an extra £8 billion on health and care, whereas we have invested £26 billion.
Before calling for more spending, they should tell us what they would cut.
I welcome the changes in the GP booking system, but in many cases it is still very difficult to obtain a GP appointment on the Isle of Wight.
A large factor in that is the difficulty of recruiting GPs to the island.
Will the Minister assure me that he will investigate all options for improving GP recruitment to coastal, rural and island communities, like mine?
Through a £160 million investment in the additional roles reimbursement scheme, we have recruited more than 2,000 new GPs nationwide, but we recognise the inequities in funding that can exacerbate regional inequalities in access to services.
I have launched a review of the GP funding formula to ensure that funding follows the needs of the population.
The National Institute for Health and Care Research has begun a review of the Carr-Hill funding formula, which will conclude in six months’ time.
Hinchingbrooke hospital is one of the few hospitals in Cambridgeshire that are yet to have an electronic patient record system, and its current level of digital maturity is at the lowest end of the Healthcare Information and Management Systems Society scale.
Hospitals within the new hospital programme are required to be at level 5 on the HIMSS scale, in line with the national digital capability framework.
What financial assistance will be given to North West Anglia NHS foundation trust to facilitate an investment case, so that the rebuilt Hinchingbrooke hospital has a modern and enterprise-wide electronic patient record system?
The hon.