I will not be chairing the inquiry, so I can only say to my hon.
Friend that the terms of reference—I am not sure this is usual—will be consulted on in public.
That is because of the issue of bad faith and the concern about transparency.
The remit of the inquiry will be decided by the chair, living within those terms of reference.
Having been part of various different inquiries or watched them from a distance, I know that no stone will be left unturned.
Whoever chairs the inquiry will feel empowered to do what they think is best.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
It has been four months and longer since the Home Office announced the national statutory inquiry into group-based child sexual exploitation.
I know that Ministers will have wanted quicker progress.
We on the Liberal Democrat Benches do, too.
We still have no chair, no terms of reference and, most importantly, no justice for the victims who have already waited years.
Now, two members of the victims and survivors liaison panel have stepped down after raising concerns about shortlisted chairs.
They seem to have lost confidence in the process before it has begun.
The Home Office must listen to and act on the concerns of victims—I know that the Minister will agree—and get the inquiry off the ground.
That is the only way to ensure that it proceeds with integrity and the trust of those it is meant to serve.
Now is the time to prioritise justice and prevention over political point scoring—I know that the Minister will agree with me on that, too—because this is an extremely sensitive matter, particularly for the victims.
Will the Minister commit to publishing the terms of reference along with full details of the inquiry’s budget and staffing and a timeline by the end of the month?
If not to that deadline, when will that be published?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for both his tone and his approach.
As per the Inquiries Act 2005, the terms of reference have to be set and consulted on with the chair.
The chair is being decided on.
I have to say, it is not taking any longer than the covid inquiry or the infected blood inquiry, which I think each took seven months from their announcement to the appointment of the chair.
I do not remember huge amounts of criticism or bellyaching about that, because we wanted to get those things right.
Actually, getting this right means dealing with lots of different stakeholders and victims with different views.
The process has to be followed that the terms of reference go through the chair.
We have already done some of the work on the terms of reference with victims’ groups, but we cannot publish those—we will do that publicly, as I said—until a chair is appointed.
I will not rush that, because I will take note of all the feedback I receive.
Today, the Government have announced that they will take parental responsibility away where a child is born of rape.
That will protect grooming victims.
Children in this country will no longer be the only proceed of crime that criminals can have lifelong access to.
Does the Minister agree that survivors were failed for too long by a Conservative Government who did not prioritise giving them justice?
That party is led by the Leader of the Opposition, who did not mention grooming when she had the power to do something about it.
Instead, survivors have had to wait for victims and activists to be on the Government Benches, and for the fiercest of advocates to be at the Dispatch Box.
I thank my hon.
Friend.
I think she mischaracterises me as the fiercest of advocates because she, as a grooming victim, with a child born of rape, is the fiercest and bravest.
I could cry, I feel so proud that the Government sought to get her elected.