The 10-year plan is a big step in the right direction; it is now all about delivery, and that is what we are doing every day.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Since I last answered questions in this House, the Government have announced: half a billion pounds for a fair pay agreement for care workers; NHS Online, the first ever online-only hospital trust; and £80 million for children’s hospices.
We have announced an independent inquiry into maternity services in Leeds, introduced Jess’s rule, implemented online requests for GP appointments, opened the 100th community diagnostic centre, made the chickenpox vaccine available on the NHS, and published NHS league tables—a lot done; a lot more to do.
We promised 2 million more appointments, and we have delivered 5 million, along with 2,000 extra GPs, 6,500 more mental health workers, 7,000 more doctors, and 13,000 more nurses and midwives.
The cancer diagnosis standard has been met, GP satisfaction is up and waiting lists are down.
The brand-new Midland Metropolitan University hospital has opened in my constituency.
Does the Secretary of State agree that this is the difference that a Labour Government make, and that we are only just getting started?
Why stop there?
We have 15,000 more home adaptations for disabled people through the disabled facilities grant and 135,000 more suspected cancer patients receiving a diagnosis on time.
We have more than 200,000 cases off the waiting list, £500 million for the first ever fair pay agreement for care workers and the biggest uplift in carer’s allowance for a generation.
The Tories did not do it, and Reform would undo it.
That is the difference that a Labour Government make.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
First, it is great to be in this new role.
I genuinely want to be part of a constructive Opposition, but equally I want to do my role in holding this Government to account.
I note the lack of detail in the Secretary of State’s answers on reorganisation, so can I ask the basics again?
How many people will be made redundant, what will it cost and who is paying?
I welcome the shadow Secretary of State to his place.
It is good to hear from the Conservative Front Benchers; I had almost forgotten they existed.
The Conservatives created a complex web of bureaucracy.
It is a bit rich to complain we are not abolishing their  creation quickly enough.
We have had a number of expressions of interest in voluntary redundancy across my Department, NHS England and the integrated care boards, and we are working through that as we speak.
Again, the Secretary of State cannot answer.
His answers are too vague.
He is very good at making promises, but the facts are that he is presiding over a reorganisation that has stalled, creating uncertainty for staff.
Waiting lists are up 50,000 in the past three months, hospices are in crisis because of national insurance contribution rises, and we have had strikes again—despite big pay rises—with the threat of more.
If the Secretary of State wants the leadership in the future, perhaps he should show leadership in the NHS now, and tell us not just the plans, but when he will give the details and how he will deliver on his promises to patients.
Waiting lists are lower now than when Labour took office, and that is in stark contrast with the record of the Government in which the shadow Secretary of State served; waiting lists increased every single year they were in charge.
This is the first year in 15 that waiting lists have fallen.
That is the difference that a Labour Government make.
We are only just getting started.
As for leadership changes, we all know why they are calling the Leader of the Opposition “Kemi-Kaze”.
A Channel 4 “Dispatches” documentary recently went undercover at an ambulance centre  in my constituency of Gillingham and Rainham.