There are many good things happening, and it is fair to acknowledge that.
The hon.
Member for Twickenham (Munira Wilson)  raised the issue of BTECs, as did my hon.
Friend the Chair of the Select Committee.
He was resolute on this, so I will be quite resolute in return.
BTECs have already been delayed.
They have already been reviewed, and are being reviewed.
There will be a significant number of BTECs that remain.
We have specifically introduced the T-level transition year, the whole purpose of which is to prepare those students for T-levels, because, as was rightly said by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Great Grimsby (Lia Nici) , T-levels are harder.
But there is now a T-level transition year, and more than 60 institutions are teaching it, and there will be another 70 along the way to prepare students.
Importantly, we are removing some BTECs and other qualifications that have low uptake or poor progression.
The hon.
Member for Twickenham mentioned the tourism  qualification.
I shall write to her with the details and the figures.
I shall also come on to childcare in a bit because of the brilliant speech by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for South Northamptonshire (Dame Andrea Leadsom) .
As I was saying, though, we are removing T-levels that have low uptake or not great progression, or that significantly overlap with other T-levels.
The whole purpose of this is that we have created employer-led qualifications through our apprenticeship reforms.
The T-levels and the higher technical qualifications are all employer-designed with the Institute for Apprenticeships and Technical Education; I was proud to legislate for them in my last stint in this role.
Employers will be able to develop new qualifications.
For example, if they wanted to, they could develop a new tourism qualification.
There is another important issue, which has come up time and again.
I have said that some BTECs will remain.
I recognise that disadvantaged students are doing some of these BTECs, but we go down a very dangerous road if we say that we want to keep some qualifications because disadvantaged students do them, and the other ones, the middle class and everybody else can do.
That is a dangerous road, because I do not want to have two-tier qualifications: some for the disadvantaged and others for the middle class and the well-off.
What I want, and what I have devoted my whole parliamentary life to, is to develop state of the art, world-beating vocational and technical qualifications that are as good as, if not better than, A-levels.
That is what is important.
That is how I would respond, politely but robustly, to my hon.
Friend the Chair of the Select Committee.
First, as I say, a significant number of BTECs remain and will remain.
There are new qualifications that can be developed so that those who do not pass will be able to do some other qualification at level 3, or they may want to do a level 2 or level 3 apprenticeship instead.
There will be options for those people, but we could make the same arguments about those people who fail A-levels.
We should not just have one rule for T-levels and another rule for those doing A-levels.
I will come on to funding, because every hon.
Member has raised that.
The hon.
Member for Sheffield, Brightside and Hillsborough (Gill Furniss)  talked about it, and I am pleased that she has had more £7 million invested in Sheffield City College.
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Aldridge-Brownhills (Wendy Morton)  was thoughtful as always; we have talked a lot about skills over the years and I reiterate that we are championing quality qualifications, which will address the skills deficits, and introducing lifelong learning through the lifelong loan entitlement.
The hon.