I will tell the right hon.
Lady what we are doing for families like Jessica’s: we are increasing the national living wage.
It was the Conservative party that introduced the national living wage, not the Labour party.
It is this party that has doubled—doubled—the personal allowance, cutting taxes for those people, and it is this party that has lifted a million people out of unemployment.
I am immensely proud of the record of this Government.
That is why people will not trust the Labour party not to crash the economy again.
I asked a question about no-fault evictions; I was very clear on what the Labour party would do, but I cannot see us getting through a single one of these encounters without the Deputy Prime Minister blaming the Opposition for his Government’s own record.
When asked yesterday about the record low number of council houses being built, the Housing Minister said she did not recognise that statistic.
When asked about support for people in temporary accommodation, she said it was not her brief—the brief of the Housing Minister.
If council housing is not her responsibility, whose is it?
The Labour party may have failed to notice that it is actually under this Government that more council houses have been built than when they were in office; it is under this party that we have record levels of housing being built.
We stand very proudly on the record of this Government.
But let us look at what we have done more broadly: inflation and waiting lists coming down, growth forecasts up, Albanian crossings down.
While we are delivering on our priorities, what have we seen from the Labour party?
It has U-turned five times in the last month already.
The record is clear: the only thing we can rely on the party opposite to deliver is broken promises.
Talking about broken promises, house building is set to collapse to its lowest level since the war, rents and mortgages are soaring, home ownership is plummeting and over a million people are trapped waiting for a council house.
There is one simple solution to this problem, and everyone knows it, so when will the right hon.
Gentleman finally stand up for the national interest instead of the Tory party’s interests and build more houses?
The right hon.
Lady may not have listened to the answer I gave and just moved straight on to the next pre-scripted question, but we have built more houses under this Government than the Labour party.
I am afraid it is the same old thing from her: she stacks up the endless job titles, she takes the union cash and she constantly talks Britain down.
That is why we will do everything we can to keep Labour out of people’s pockets, out of their lives and out of Government.
I might respectfully say to the deputy leader of the Labour party, the right hon.
Member for Ashton-under-Lyne (Angela Rayner), that if she wants to know what we are doing on rental reform, she can look at the Renters (Reform) Bill that this Government are introducing.
Order.
Is that your question?
I think you ought to ask your question.
My question is about the Slapton line in my constituency.
Can it be right that Natural England is holding back major infrastructure development in south Devon and not allowing us to keep key infrastructure being developed?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to speak up for the Slapton line.
It is one of the most beautiful roads in the country.
I understand that the Slapton Line Partnership, which includes Natural England and the Environment Agency, is working closely with the local community on the plans.
We now come to the deputy leader of the Scottish National party.
I begin by thanking all the staff in our health services across these isles.