Gentleman for bringing that to the House’s attention.
There are currently about 200 GW of projects on the books.
Many of those are zombie projects, as he describes them, that will not come to fruition and so are clogging up the system.
The Government need somehow to get rid of those projects in order to focus on areas where we know there will be investment, and to encourage an anticipatory investment approach that will deliver the new infrastructure we need in a timely way.
Otherwise, we will end up developing a renewable technology and a system able to generate clean energy, but we will not have the grid to get it where it is needed.
Secondly, on nuclear energy, our inquiry confirmed that there is a broad consensus between the UK Government and the Welsh Government on the role that nuclear should play in achieving the UK’s net zero targets and ensuring domestic energy security.
The majority of our witnesses were in favour of new nuclear energy generation in Wales, and I am pleased to say that the Committee agreed that nuclear energy has a strong role to play in a mix of low-carbon sources.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Ynys Môn (Virginia Crosbie)  for the role she played on the Committee, as well as in her capacity as a constituency MP, in championing nuclear energy for Ynys Môn.
There has been no more energetic and active Member of Parliament for Ynys Môn that I can remember—she has done a great job in championing her constituency.
Our report carries and reflects much of the positivity that my hon.
Friend brought to the subject.
We heard strong evidence about the suitability of the Wylfa site on Ynys Môn for a new gigawatt-scale reactor.
In fact, we do not believe that the Government will meet their targets for increasing nuclear power without building that large-scale nuclear plant at Wylfa.
We recognise the progress that the Government have made in establishing Great British Nuclear and bringing forward the regulated asset base model for securing investment in new nuclear.
However, despite that positive progress, a new nuclear power station at Wylfa in north Wales is not in the bag.
When I was in Government 10 years ago, we championed a new nuclear power station at Wylfa.
Ministers were sent for photo opportunities there and to meet potential investors, but it did not happen.
I know that the community in Ynys Môn, represented by my hon.
Friend, feels disappointment because it has had its hopes raised and dashed in the past.
We do not want that to happen again, so I implore the Minister to hear the arguments about Wylfa.
I know he feels passionate about the subject and will discuss these issues with Government colleagues.
Did any of the witnesses point out the eye-wateringly high cost of new nuclear, as well as how painfully slow the process will be, given the amount of time it will take for it to be up and running?
With the best will in the world, it is unlikely that there will be a new big nuclear power station until the early 2030s.
Given the Government’s own target to decarbonise the electricity supply by 2035, nuclear will be unable to play much of a part in helping us to achieve that.
The hon.
Lady makes a good point.
Investment in large-scale nuclear, or even small modular reactors, is a longer-term feature of our energy system, as the Government’s “Powering up Britain” report recognised.
In fact, the Government’s targets for increasing nuclear are for 2050, not 2030.
On the cost of nuclear, yes, those points were made to the Committee.
We made sure that we had an evidence session to hear from Friends of the Earth and others who are opposed to nuclear per se.