My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Aldridge-Brownhills (Wendy Morton)  was thoughtful as always; we have talked a lot about skills over the years and I reiterate that we are championing quality qualifications, which will address the skills deficits, and introducing lifelong learning through the lifelong loan entitlement.
The hon.
Member for Stretford and Urmston (Andrew Western)  again talked about funding; I will come on to that, and I am happy to write to him about the specific issue that he raised regarding Trafford College.
I was pleased to meet my hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for Eddisbury (Edward Timpson)  and the principal of  Reaseheath College.
Land colleges have been beneficiaries of important capital funding and I know the college has received more than £6.5 million.
I said in that meeting that I would work with my hon.
and learned Friend on the issues he has raised and I will continue to do so as much as I possibly can.
The hon.
Member for Twickenham talked about the skills wallet, and we do have a difference here.
I have sympathy with many of the things she says and I genuinely admire her for her knowledge of education and skills, but we looked at the skills wallet and, as I understand it, it gives every adult £10,000 to spend on training, but with incremental payments, starting with £4,000 at age 25, £3,000 at age 40 and the final £3,000 at age 55.
That would mean that learners would be constrained by when the funding became available.
We want to be fair to students and fair to the taxpayer.
Our lifelong loan entitlement will be transformative, because everyone will have access to up to £37,000 that they can take any time up to the age of 60.
There are 12 entry points and they can do short courses or modules of courses.
I have nothing but incredible admiration for the way my right hon.
Friend the Member for South Northamptonshire champions early years.
I have good news for her, because when I found out she was on the list to speak in this debate, I wanted to be sure about what we were doing on early years skills—as my Department officials, who are watching, will know.
To let my right hon.
Friend know what is going on, there is a lot.
The first-ever national professional qualification in early years leadership cohort began in October 2022 and the second cohort commenced in February 2023.
The employer trailblazer groups have developed level 2 and level 3 apprenticeships, but we now have a level 5 apprenticeship and we fund more than 20 childcare courses through our free courses for jobs offer.
Some 2,000 learners started T-levels in education and childcare in September 2022, and there is a load of early years higher technical qualifications.
There is masses going on, so we will have the trained workforce that she passionately and rightly talks about, right across that sector.
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Bexleyheath and Crayford (Sir David Evennett)  has great experience and wisdom.
He too talked about funding, and he will know that his college—I think it is the London South East Colleges group—has had £24.5 million since 2020.
I think the shadow Minister has also had £18 million in capital funding for Chesterfield College in his constituency; again, that is a brilliant investment by the Government that no doubt he will be celebrating to the rafters.
I have mentioned the right hon.
Member for Hayes and Harlington.
I appreciated the way in which he said what he did.
We have spending constraints, but I will talk more about those in a moment.
My hon.
Friend the Member for Waveney spoke powerfully about the skills revolution in his area.
My hon.
Friend the Member for Great Grimsby made a brilliant speech.
There was a lot that I agreed with.