It has world-leading universities, pioneering businesses and a determined SNP city council leading the way, and there is a real ambition to deliver for the future.
We want to continue our journey, and the potential delivery of a world-class site for the Eden Project in our city will help to cement its reputation, bring further investment and jobs, and boost our local economy.
Can the Deputy Prime Minister confirm that the UK Government will deliver on previous promises and finally commit to supporting capital funding for that project in my city?
I am a big supporter of the Eden Project, and I hope very much that we can have one in Dundee.
Of course the United Kingdom Government always stand ready to support people in Scotland, and to support people in Dundee.
As the child of two NHS doctors, the sister of an NHS doctor and the wife of an NHS doctor, may I, too, say thank you to everyone who works in our NHS?
Will my right hon.
Friend send particular congratulations to the students at the new medical school at Anglia Ruskin University in Chelmsford, who will graduate as doctors in a couple of weeks?
This is the first time we have ever trained doctors in Essex, and it has been hugely successful.
Will my right hon.
Friend meet me to discuss doubling the size of our medical school?
I am very happy to offer my sincere congratulations to those students, who thoroughly deserve their graduation ceremony.
I know what a difficult course is required for someone to qualify as a doctor.
Health Ministers would be happy to meet my right hon.
Friend to discuss exactly that proposal.
One of my constituents, who was a first-year university student, tragically took his own life in May.
He had signed a private sector tenancy for his next year’s accommodation, with his parents as guarantor.
The tenancy includes a clause which states that the responsibilities of the guarantor are unaffected by the death of a tenant, and the lettings agency is disgracefully insisting on enforcing that abhorrent requirement.
My constituents not only have to live with the devastating loss of their son, but face terrible financial hardship  because of this cruelty.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister support my call for the inclusion of a clause in the long overdue Renters (Reform) Bill to outlaw that practice and protect bereaved families?
What the hon.
Lady has described sounds totally abhorrent, and I shall be very happy to look into the details and discuss what measures might be brought forward to address it.
At a time of record employment, an unemployment rate nearly half that of the EU average and strong inward investment, can my right hon.
Friend explain why every single period of Labour government since the second world war has ended in economic failure, with sterling weaker and unemployment usually higher?
My hon.
Friend is entirely right.
I might add that Labour Governments also spend every last penny in the Treasury.
I well remember the   note saying that there was no money left when we entered government.
We should never allow that to happen to the British people again.
Our absentee Prime Minister did not turn up for the Owen Paterson vote, he did not turn up for the Boris Johnson vote, he will not stand up to the MPs who called the Privileges Committee a kangaroo court, and yesterday he embarrassed himself by acting like a stroppy schoolboy in front of the Liaison Committee.
With NHS waiting lists at a record high and the Tory mortgage penalty hitting my constituents hard, he has bitten off more than he can chew, has he not?
I am not sure that there was a question in that; I might respectfully say that it was a rant.
I will proudly defend this Government’s record.