I understand that the Slapton Line Partnership, which includes Natural England and the Environment Agency, is working closely with the local community on the plans.
We now come to the deputy leader of the Scottish National party.
I begin by thanking all the staff in our health services across these isles.
As we celebrate the 75th anniversary of the health services in the UK, I want to reflect on two quotes from two people.
The first is:
“it’s about using the private sector more…something that we, actually, should be very comfortable with.”
The second is:
“A number of people do go as NHS patients to the private sector…and we could do more of it”.
Can I ask the Deputy Prime Minister: which quote is from the PM, and which is from the Leader of the Opposition?
May I begin by saying genuinely how sorry I was to hear that the hon.
Lady will be standing down at the next election?
She and I joined the House at the same time, and I know she has contributed much to her party and to this place.
May I also say that I am sure she will wish to join me in celebrating His Majesty King Charles receiving the Scottish regalia, pretty much as we speak?
indicated dissent.
There is always time for a Damascene conversion.
When it comes to the NHS, I will take no lectures from either the SNP or Labour.
It has been there for me.
I was born in an NHS hospital, and my children were born in an NHS hospital.
It has been there for me and my family, and this Government have put record funding into it.
I thank the Deputy Prime Minister for his kind words.
We did join this place at the same time; I am pretty sure we will be leaving at the same time, too. [
Laughter.]
The No.
1 problem that faces the health service across these isles is workforce, and research shows that Brexit has worsened the UK’s shortage of doctors.
European nurses registering to work in the UK fell by 90% after the Brexit referendum.
What more will it take for both him and the Labour party to admit the damage that Brexit is causing our health services?
It all started off so nicely.
I do not know whether the hon.
Lady has been listening to what the Government have announced this week, but we announced an additional £2.4 billion for our groundbreaking NHS workforce plan.
It is the first time in the NHS’s history that that has happened.
If we look at the record since this party came to power, we have almost 40,000 more doctors and more than 50,000 more nurses.
Once again, the Conservative party is delivering for the NHS.
Tonight, at West Lindsey District Council’s planning meeting, the RAF will apply for listed building consent to move the grave of Wing Commander Guy Gibson’s dog.
Apparently, the Home Office is content for 2,000 migrants to be cooped up next to 1,000 of my constituents living near or on the base, but the RAF thinks it intolerable that it should leave the grave of a dog that has lain in peace for 80 years.
More importantly, will the Home Office start listening to us?
If it insists on this proposal on illegal migrants, will it put them on a discrete part of the base and let us get on with £300 million of levelling up with a hundred buildings—many of them listed—a 2 mile-long runway and a spaceport, and let the dog lie in peace?
My right hon.
Friend knows that we have to take action to address the unacceptable cost of housing migrants in hotels.
I thank him for the constructive approach he has taken to RAF Scampton playing a role in respect of that.
Of course, Home Office Ministers will have heard his broader representations, and I am sure they will respond to him.