I have stood up many times in the House to talk about the importance of steel not just to my home town of Scunthorpe but to our whole nation.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that we will always need steel in this country and that, if we cannot make it ourselves, we will have to ship it over from the other side of the world, with all the emissions and environmental and ethical concerns that that will inevitably bring?
Will he reaffirm the Government’s commitment to taking further measures to ensure that we have sustainable, long-term steelmaking in this country?
I am very happy to reaffirm this Government’s commitment to steel manufacturing.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend, as I know what a champion she is for steel production in Scunthorpe.
Long may she continue to be.
We have made meaningful offers of support to Tata and British Steel.
The Secretary of State recently visited them to see at first hand the work under way.
I am sure that the Deputy Prime Minister will be as pleased as I am that work is well under way to construct the Sutherland spaceport; in fact, it is ahead of schedule.
Recently, the north coast space cluster has been developed, which involved enterprise agencies and companies.
Does the Deputy Prime Minister agree that that can build massively on the skills built up over many years at Doonreay, and that the establishment of international links with companies in the United States can only be good news for the far north of Scotland?
I completely agree with the hon.
Gentleman’s remarks.
The development of that new spaceport is a key part of our ambition to grow the UK’s space launch capabilities.
In the first three years we are expected to reach £20 million of investment, creating 40 jobs.
We are working with the United States, particularly through the technology safeguards agreement, to allow UK companies to exchange technology with it.
Could I associate myself with your comments about the NHS, Mr Speaker?
I pay tribute to all NHS workers both in Newcastle-under-Lyme and across the country.
I welcome the new long-term workforce plan, particularly 40% more places in dental schools.
Access to dentistry has been an issue for a number of my constituents.
Would my right hon.
Friend consider the merits of opening new dental schools, not just new dental places?
Keele University is one of the best medical schools in the country, and would make an excellent site for a new dental school.
As ever, my hon.
Friend makes a very strong case for his constituency.
As a result of the NHS long-term workforce plan, we are currently assessing capacity at existing dental schools to see whether they can accommodate the expansion in training places.
Of course, we retain an open mind about whether we need further such education facilities.
It was a pleasure to join colleagues from across the House this morning for the NHS 75th anniversary parkrun on this special day.
However, my joy was short-lived when I returned to my office to find the usual array of emails from desperate constituents who cannot get a doctor or dentist appointment, access to children’s mental health services or proper care for their loved ones.
Does the right hon.
Gentleman agree that, as today’s report from three highly respected think-tanks suggests, after a decade of under-investment, our beloved health service faces either managed decline under the Tories, or a Labour Government with a radical new health and wellbeing strategy to put it back on its feet?
Mr Speaker, it may not surprise you to hear that I do not agree with that characterisation.
Let me tell you about this Government’s record on the NHS: record funding; record doctors; record nurses; records scans; and record operations.
The only record from the Opposition party is in Wales, where they now have the worst A&E waiting times in the country.