With NHS waiting lists at a record high and the Tory mortgage penalty hitting my constituents hard, he has bitten off more than he can chew, has he not?
I am not sure that there was a question in that; I might respectfully say that it was a rant.
I will proudly defend this Government’s record.
We have grown the economy in the past two years faster than any other country in the G7, with record low levels of unemployment and fewer people in workless households, all of which would be put at risk if the Labour party ever entered power.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
It is a shame that the Deputy Prime Minister has left, because this point of order refers to his appearance in the Chamber on  7 June , when he claimed that my party’s plan to invest £28 billion a year in green energy would add £1,000 a year “to everyone’s mortgage”.
He made that claim a day after the Daily Mail reported that figure and said that it came from Treasury analysis.
However, the Treasury has admitted that the statistic does not come from official analysis.
It was forced to make that admission to the UK Statistics Authority after that organisation demanded to know where the figure had come from.
The UKSA told LBC that despite investigation, it had been unable to find any official source for the figure.
Its spokesperson stated:
“We spoke to HMT and they have informed us the figure quoted is not based on any analysis produced by Treasury officials.”
The ministerial code, by which all Government Ministers must abide, states:
“It is of paramount importance that Ministers give accurate and truthful information to Parliament, correcting any inadvertent error at the earliest opportunity.”
Mr Speaker, I would be grateful if you advised me how we can get the Deputy Prime Minister—who will be back next week—to correct the record.
May I say that you have absolutely put that point on the record, and I think you have made sure that it has been corrected for the record?
I have no responsibility for this; the responsibility lies with a Minister to correct an error and to ensure that they do so, as you quite rightly say, at the earliest opportunity.
I am sure that Ministers on the Treasury Bench have heard that, and I am sure that the Minister responsible will want to correct it ASAP.
Motion for leave to bring in a Bill ( Standing Order No.
23 )
I beg to move,
That leave be given to bring in a Bill to require the Secretary of State to publish revised guidance on the deployment, visibility and signing of speed and red-light cameras for traffic enforcement; to require that guidance to include amended site selection criteria for safety cameras, including a lower threshold for the number of collisions in which a person is killed or seriously injured; to require that guidance to provide for a process by which local communities can express support for the installation of safety cameras in areas of concern; and for connected purposes.
A 2007 circular from the Department for Transport recognised speeding as one of the
“most significant dimensions of unlawful, disorderly and dangerous road vehicle use”.
It provided key guidance on the use of speed and red light cameras for traffic enforcement to improve the safety of road users and pedestrians.
It encouraged changes in driver behaviour, paved the way for local authority partnerships to support their communities and outlined criteria for site selection to help decision making regarding any new cameras.
I want to get ahead of the keen journalists in the Gallery and confess that I currently have three points on my licence for speeding, but I emphasise that I was caught by a camera and modified my behaviour—proving that cameras do, in fact, work.
Fifteen years on from the introduction of the guidance, speeding motorists are arguably the No.