I am pleased to respond to the debate.
When my hon.
Friend  the Member for Worcester (Mr Walker) , the former Schools Minister and now the Chair of the Education Committee, said that he had applied for the debate, I welcomed it because I wanted a good debate on further education.
Despite the kind words of  the right hon.
Member for Hayes and Harlington (John McDonnell) , I do not know if he is quite the secret weapon I would take with me when I have negotiations with the Treasury, but his point was well made.
I heard a lot of rhetoric from the shadow spokesperson,  the hon.
Member for Chesterfield (Mr Perkins) .
Warm words butter no parsnips.
Last year, FE Week reported that:
“Labour cannot commit to boosting FE funding levels”.
The article went on to say that speaking to FE Week,  the hon.
Member for Houghton and Sunderland South (Bridget Phillipson)
“said the economic landscape had changed significantly and could not pledge any uplift in cash for further education or address the disparity between FE and higher education funding until the economic outlook was clearer.”
So despite what the hon.
Member for Chesterfield says, the Opposition are not guaranteeing any uplift in further education funding.
I thank  the hon.
Member for Wirral West (Margaret Greenwood)  for opening the debate.
She is passionate about adult education; I am with her and I understand the absolute importance of community learning.
I have seen that in my own constituency and I champion it in the Department.
I will say more about adult and community learning later in my remarks, but looking at all the programmes together—the skills boot camps, the level 3 offer, Multiply and adult apprenticeships—we are spending well over £3 billion.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Waveney (Peter Aldous)  as well as the hon.
Member for Wirral West raised the issue of community learning, which has actually increased over the past year.
If we look at the key focus, we will see that, in the 2021-22 academic year, 304,000 learners participated in a community learning course, compared with 243,000 in the 2020-21 academic year.
That is an increase of 24.9%.
I have other figures that I could quote, but that does not mean that everything in the garden is rosy.
We are doing a lot of work to try to support adult and tailored learning, which I will go on to discuss a bit later in my speech.
I am experiencing a bit of déjà vu here.
This time last year, I believe that I was the Chair of the Education Committee leading the estimates debate, and my hon.
Friend the Member for Worcester was answering it.
What we say here is, I think, touché.
What I would say to him is that, absolutely, he has made a valid case for funding for further education, as have many other Members.
I will go on to talk about that a bit later in my remarks.
I also think that it is important that we do not paint just a partial picture.
We should look at the 10% uplift in T-level funding, the £300 million that we are spending on institutes of technology, the £115 million spending on higher technical qualifications, which are now being taught in more than 70 institutions, the £2.7 billion that we will be spending on apprenticeships by 2025, the up to £500 million that is being spent on Multiply, and the many millions of pounds being spent on boot camps.
Billions and billions of pounds are being spent on skills, which is absolutely right.
It is right, too, to make the case for ever more resources—I always champion more resources—but it is important to paint the whole picture, not just a partial one.
There are many good things happening, and it is fair to acknowledge that.
The hon.
Member for Twickenham (Munira Wilson)  raised the issue of BTECs, as did my hon.