Furthermore, we recognise the potential economic opportunities that could accrue to Wales from future developments in renewable energy and nuclear energy.
Having completed an initial wide-ranging inquiry into renewable energy in July 2021, our Committee pursued three subjects in greater detail: grid capacity in Wales; nuclear energy in Wales; and floating offshore wind.
In doing so, we were acutely conscious of the fact that none of that was particularly niche or specific to Wales.
Indeed, much of the evidence we heard on all of those subjects has direct read-across to other regions and nations of the United Kingdom.
In the time I have available, I would like to touch briefly on the key outputs of the three inquiries and highlight some ongoing challenges.
I commend the right hon.
Gentleman for bringing this debate forward.
As Chair of the Welsh Affairs Committee, he is talking about Wales, but he also mentioned that all of the United Kingdom should benefit in this area.
Will that be from the three options that he put forward or will it be from tidal energy, which we could do more on in Northern Ireland?
Does he feel that when it comes to bringing forward a strategy for this House today, it is about what happens not only in Wales or England, but in Scotland and Northern Ireland?
It is about what happens collectively, because we should all benefit.
Therefore, a strategy has to come from this place, but it must be driven out to all the regions of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland collectively.
As ever, the hon.
Gentleman is correct: we are one United Kingdom.
Of course, on energy on the island of Ireland there are interconnections with the Republic, but with the changing nature of our energy system, the economic opportunities for investment, job creation and industrial renewal are enormous for all parts of the UK—for Northern Ireland, Wales, England and Scotland.
I wish to touch briefly on the key outputs of the three inquiries I mentioned.
First, on grid capacity, we are talking about the network of power lines, pylons and interconnectors that transport electricity generated to areas of demand.
That is a critical piece in the energy infrastructure puzzle, not just in Wales, but for all parts of the UK.
The issue should keep Ministers awake at night, because it was clear from our inquiry that the entire way in which grid enhancements and new connections are delivered is not fit for purpose, given the imperatives of UK energy policy.
I recognise the steps that have been taken by the Government and the National Grid Electricity System Operator.
With the appointment of Nick Winser as the UK’s first electricity networks commissioner, the Government are taking steps to address the challenges.
However, if we think about the increase in the speed of delivery and consenting that is required if we are to see the renewal of our national grid in the way we need in the years ahead, we see that we need a much more significant step change in the pace of activity.
rose—
I give way to the Chairman of the Select Committee on Energy Security and Net Zero.
The right hon.
Gentleman makes a good point there.
One other issue to address is the plethora of zombie projects that are clogging up the system, which do not make it easy for anybody.
Identifying them is not easy either—I do not pretend it is, but I wanted to bring that to his attention.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for bringing that to the House’s attention.
There are currently about 200 GW of projects on the books.
Many of those are zombie projects, as he describes them, that will not come to fruition and so are clogging up the system.