In the UK, around 15 people are diagnosed every day and 5,300 a year, including in families in Merthyr Tydfil and Rhymney.
Awareness is low and as this is Sarcoma Awareness Month, may I ask the Deputy Prime Minister to meet me and families affected so that we can discuss what more the Government can do to raise awareness and vital funds for research going forward?
I am very happy to give that commitment, I think probably best on behalf of Health Ministers.
One of my colleagues in Downing Street who was a Prime Minister’s principal private secretary sadly died of that disease, so I have a great awareness of it and it is important that we continue to raise its profile.
Last week, as an alumni of Durham University, I had the pleasure of going to the installation of Dr Fiona Hill as its new chancellor.
Dr Hill started in Bishop Auckland and could not afford a school uniform to go to the high school where she had a scholarship.
She finished up working in the White House and is an example of social mobility.
That is what she will be championing as the new chancellor.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister encourage the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Surrey Heath (Michael Gove)  to work with me and the all-party parliamentary group for left behind neighbourhoods to do everything we can to support her?
I join my hon.
Friend in relaying the Government’s congratulations to her.
I will ensure the Secretary of State hears the representations he makes.
Universities in Cardiff and across the UK are home to world-leading research and innovation, but thousands of jobs and huge amounts of expertise are now at risk because of the Government’s dithering in the negotiations over Horizon.
The  reported last week that Sir Paul Nurse, Nobel laureate and head of the Francis Crick Institute, described the delays as “absurd” and
“damaging science and damaging the country”.
Are the Government still committed to negotiating a deal?
If they are, why do they not get on with it?
Since we agreed the Windsor framework we have had very constructive discussions on Horizon, but the difference between my party and the hon.
Gentleman’s party is that we will not accept a deal at any price.
We will wait until we get the best deal for the British people and British universities.
I am running a campaign called “A Year of Reasons to Visit the Moorlands”.
Each week, for a year, I am focusing on one of the many reasons to visit the moorlands.
So far I have included Hetty’s Tea Shop in Froghall, the Heaton House Farm wedding venue, some brilliant artists and Alton Towers, and this week is league club day.
May I invite my right hon.
Friend and you, Mr Speaker, to visit my constituency to see one of the reasons for yourselves?
I should be delighted to do so.
I think that Hetty’s Tea Shop may be more my cup of tea than Alton Towers, but I am sure I can arrange a visit.
We will both go on the big rides together.
I think everyone in this House can recognise that my city of Dundee is a city to be proud of.
It has world-leading universities, pioneering businesses and a determined SNP city council leading the way, and there is a real ambition to deliver for the future.
We want to continue our journey, and the potential delivery of a world-class site for the Eden Project in our city will help to cement its reputation, bring further investment and jobs, and boost our local economy.
Can the Deputy Prime Minister confirm that the UK Government will deliver on previous promises and finally commit to supporting capital funding for that project in my city?