It may come as a surprise to the right hon.
Lady, but some leaders trust their deputies to stand in for them.
When it comes to mortgage rates, I support the independence of the Bank of England in taking the necessary measures to control inflation.
Just ask the International Monetary Fund what we have done to support them.
It has said that we have taken “decisive and responsible action” to bring down inflation and we will continue to do so.
But what is Labour’s plan?
It is to borrow £28 billion a year, pushing up inflation; to cut our domestic energy supply, pushing up inflation; and to penalise workers saving into their pensions, pushing up inflation.
There we have it from Labour—endless borrowing and higher prices.
We have had 13 years of Conservative failures.
Homeowners watching that pathetic answer will be cringing: they are not celebrating the Government’s success; they are counting the cost of their failures.
The only thing that is not soaring in price at the moment is the right hon.
Gentleman’s gags, which are getting cheaper by the minute.
It is not just homeowners who are suffering.
Security of renters has been ripped away too, with higher mortgage costs handed directly to them.
Given most renters live in homes with a buy-to-let mortgage, can he tell us: are buy-to-let properties included in the mortgage support package—yes or no?
Actually, under this Government, thanks to my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, we have introduced legislation for the first time to support renters and to give them greater security of tenure.
Of course, the Chancellor will take all necessary measures to stand behind mortgage holders and take necessary measures for renters.
We have a choice in this country, and the choice that we have made is to invest in our economy, giving us the fastest growing economy in the G7 for the past two years, creating jobs, with record low unemployment, and increasing people’s wages by providing the national living wage—£1,600—into everyone’s pockets.
That is how this Government are supporting people.
I know that the Deputy Prime Minister is not very good on facts, but the Tory party did crash the economy.
He will know that, according to his own Government’s data, over 2 million buy-to-let properties are missing out on support.
No-fault evictions are up by 116% this year.
So will he tell us if the Prime Minister has the spine now to stand up to the vested interests in his own party and finally deliver its promise to ban no-fault evictions?
I do not think the Prime Minister is going to take any lectures on weakness from the Labour party.
There is a lot of talk about reshuffle in the air from the Labour party.
The last time the  leader of the Labour party tried to sack the right hon.
Lady, she walked out with a promotion.
We will continue to stand behind renters and to support them, and my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities will take all necessary steps.
That answer is pathetic for all those people who are facing homelessness on the right hon.
Gentleman’s watch.
We will ban no-fault evictions—unlike the Conservative party.
Jessica and her four children from Plymouth were evicted from their home in April.
They are temporarily living with Jessica’s mother in a cramped house where the two eldest children are sleeping on blow-up beds in the front room, surrounded by their belongings—hardly the decent, secure life that the right hon.
Gentleman’s Government promised.
Do families like Jessica’s not deserve better?
I will tell the right hon.
Lady what we are doing for families like Jessica’s: we are increasing the national living wage.
It was the Conservative party that introduced the national living wage, not the Labour party.