Friend knows that we have to take action to address the unacceptable cost of housing migrants in hotels.
I thank him for the constructive approach he has taken to RAF Scampton playing a role in respect of that.
Of course, Home Office Ministers will have heard his broader representations, and I am sure they will respond to him.
May I, on behalf of my colleagues, extend our deep appreciation to all those past and present who continue to be dedicated to our NHS, including our staff in the health and social care system in Northern Ireland?
In Northern Ireland, GPs, nurses, doctors and carers are adversely constrained by a lack of sufficient funding for our health service.
The Northern Ireland Fiscal Council has highlighted that our allocation falls beneath need, which compounds the difficulty year on year.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister assure me of the Government’s willingness to engage on this issue and ensure that public services get what they need to continue delivering for the people of Northern Ireland?
I am happy to give the right hon.
Gentleman that assurance.
As he knows, the Department of Health in Northern Ireland has been allocated £7.3 billion—an increase of £20 million above 2022-23—but of course the absence of a Northern Ireland Executive is exacerbating the severe challenges that the healthcare service in Northern Ireland is already facing.
A fully functioning devolved Government is the right way to deliver the reforms needed for the Northern Ireland health service.
Of the 16,700 cases of melanoma diagnosed in the UK every year, sadly over 2,000 will prove fatal.
Regularly applying sunscreen is our most effective weapon against this deadly disease, yet the Treasury remains stubbornly opposed to exempting these lifesaving products from VAT.
With a further heatwave expected later this month, will my right hon.
Friend assure me, as a melanoma survivor, that he will do everything in his power to remove VAT from high-factor sunscreen to save lives and support the NHS as it celebrates its 75th anniversary?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise the dangers of melanoma.
As a fair-headed person with a fair-headed family, I am acutely conscious of the need to wear sun cream.
I will not trespass on Treasury decisions in this setting, but I know that my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor will have heard her representations.
After 13 years of Tory Government, the Government’s record is pretty dismal.
Let us consider it: inflation spiralling out of control; interest rates set to hit 6.5% by the end of the year; energy prices double those in the rest of Europe; food shortages; strikes across the public sector and NHS; and graduates leaving university with mountains of debt and little to no prospect of home ownership.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister admit his Tory Government’s failure and urge the Prime Minister to call a general election now?
Rather than focusing on playing politics, we are actually delivering for the British people.
I listened to the hon.
Lady’s litany.
I was interested to note that her leader has been in power for 100 days, and what has the SNP’s record been?
Three failing First Ministers, two unfinished ferries and a failed deposit return scheme.
I think we can all agree that the people of Scotland deserve better.
Conservative Governments have a proud record of supporting the UK’s steel industry.
I have— I do not know why Labour Members are laughing, because steel production halved under Labour.
I have stood up many times in the House to talk about the importance of steel not just to my home town of Scunthorpe but to our whole nation.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that we will always need steel in this country and that, if we cannot make it ourselves, we will have to ship it over from the other side of the world, with all the emissions and environmental and ethical concerns that that will inevitably bring?