Gentleman makes a very useful and important point.
Bridgend is a wonderful place in which to invest and do business, and the new freeport will make it even better in the vicinity.
I have been in touch with the Department for Work and Pensions about that, but I am very happy to talk to those in the Department for Business and Trade about what further measures can be taken to encourage that company and others to take advantage of the wonderful working environment that is Bridgend.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
On the 75th anniversary of our NHS, created by Welsh founder and Labour Minister Nye Bevan, may I thank, on behalf of Labour Members, all our NHS staff in Wales, past and present, for their dedication and public service?
Last week, the Department for Business and Trade published its report on foreign direct investment in Wales.
Will the Secretary of State join me in congratulating the Welsh Labour Government’s Economy Minister, Vaughan Gething, on his success in delivering economic growth through attracting an additional 3,000 jobs to Wales in the past year?
I think the hon.
Lady will be aware that both the Minister for Economy in Wales and the Department for Business and Trade work closely with embassies across the world to ensure that investors know about the enormous opportunities that exist in Wales.
I hope she will agree with me that that is testament to the fact that, while we may have political differences, on the issue of foreign direct investment, the UK Conservative Government and the Welsh Labour Government both enjoy working constructively together.
I am pleased to hear the Secretary of State’s response.
I am sure we can both agree that we want strong economic growth across Wales and the rest  of the UK.
The last Labour Government gave the go-ahead for new nuclear sites in 2009.
Nearly a decade on, none is up and running, and it is now two years since Hitachi pulled out of the Wylfa project.
Labour is ready to deliver new nuclear to ensure energy resilience, security and lower bills—[Interruption.]
What have the Government been doing?
When are they going to stop talking and start acting?
I am delighted that the hon.
Lady has set out that the Labour party now supports nuclear power.
It was not something that was evident to us when Labour was in opposition a few years ago.
Labour had an opportunity over the 13 years it was in government to build nuclear power stations, but it is good that it has belatedly decided that it will support new nuclear power in Wales.
I can assure her that I am happy to work with the Welsh Labour Government and anyone else who is interested in making sure that Great British Nuclear can take forward sites such as Wylfa, which is an excellent site for new nuclear.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on new nuclear power sites in Wales.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on new nuclear power sites in Wales.
To continue the topic from the previous question, there are regular discussions with Cabinet colleagues on the potential for new nuclear in Wales.
This Government are launching Great British Nuclear to support our ambition to ramp up nuclear capacity in the UK to up to 24 GW by 2050.
GBN is actively working with the Government on access to potential sites for new nuclear projects.
Nuclear power has an important part to play in a balanced energy policy to provide energy security.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that Wylfa is an ideal site not only to continue generating nuclear power, but to expand beyond it, because the reality is that without improving and continuing that site, nuclear power has to come to Wales?
I agree with my hon.
Friend.