Anyone who wants an example of T-level success should go to Loughborough College, where state-of-the-art T-levels are being taught brilliantly—including healthcare T-levels, creating a pipeline for future NHS workers—and an institute of technology is being built.
It was an honour to lay the groundwork.
As I mentioned, we are spending £300 million on 21 institutes of technology around the country, of which there are already 12.
They are the Rolls-Royce of further education in collaboration with higher education and big and small businesses, and an example of the Government’s commitment to skills and of the investment in the skills that we need for the future.
Sadly, I understand  that the principal is leaving Loughborough College, but I am sure that the college will find a principal who is just as brilliant as her to take over.
I mentioned the higher technical qualifications and new and existing levels 4 and 5.
We have the T-levels.
Yes, there are delays in some of them, but we want to get them right.
We have 164 providers across the country, and 10,000 students started T-levels in 2022—that is more than double the 2021 figure.
We will roll out T-levels in 2024-25 so that more young people can benefit from those high-quality qualifications.
More than 92% of students achieved a pass.
The Secretary of State was asked—
Whether he has made a recent assessment of the strength of the Union.
Recent years have highlighted the strength of our United Kingdom.
The successful covid vaccine roll-out was just one example of the strength of our Union; the ability to spend £94 billion during the cost of living challenges caused by the covid pandemic and the war in Ukraine was another.
That support will continue, with two freeports and an investment zone being delivered in Wales.
Polling on Welsh independence has found that young people, aged 16 to 34, are far more likely than any other group to vote by a majority for independence for Wales to secure the change they feel their nation needs.
That mirrors the views of young people in Scotland, who believe Scotland can and will prosper outside this broken Union.
Why does the Secretary of State think that so many young people have so little faith in the Union?
Contrary to what the hon.
Lady posits, young people want and welcome the right to be able to live, study and work in all parts of the United Kingdom, which is why the Conservative and Unionist party has consistently polled far higher in every kind of election than parties that seek independence for Wales.
One benefit of the Union should be that all its citizens are entitled to broadly equivalent public services, no matter where they live.
Yet in north Wales, on the 75th anniversary of the foundation of the NHS, patients are unable to access specialist medical services in England with the same ease as English patients, despite the fact that those services may not be available in Wales.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that that is an unreasonable and unfair state of affairs?
Will he urge the Welsh First Minister to rectify that as quickly as possible?
It is deeply disappointing that on the 75th anniversary of the National Health Service, the Welsh Labour Government, which are responsible for healthcare in Wales, are unable to provide the same  level of service as that received by patients who live under a Conservative-run Government running the NHS in England.
It is deeply unfair that patients in Wales are waiting longer for treatment and wait longer in accident and emergency, and that those who draw attention to allegations of misspending of more than £100 million in the Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board have been sacked from their jobs.
Diolch yn fawr iawn, Lefarydd.
One in five people in Wales is facing hunger.
On the NHS’s 75th birthday, we must break the vicious cycle where poverty fuels hunger and, consequently, poor health.