Friend agree that Wylfa is an ideal site not only to continue generating nuclear power, but to expand beyond it, because the reality is that without improving and continuing that site, nuclear power has to come to Wales?
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
Wylfa is one of the best sites in this country, if not in Europe, for nuclear power generation due to its optimal location and geology.
I am confident that the site’s potential to support our 24 GW target can be utilised.
I know it is a site that GBN is very interested in.
Nuclear power is an excellent and much-needed source of power, but when demand for energy decreases, that power is often wasted.
Has the Minister looked at any new Welsh nuclear power plants producing so-called pink hydrogen at times when electricity demands are low, so that we are not wasting that energy?
We recognise the important role of both nuclear energy and hydrogen in reaching our net zero goals.
We are committed to a nuclear future for Wales and so far this year I have visited the Wylfa site and Bangor University’s Nuclear Futures Institute.
My hon.
Friend is right to mention the importance of storing energy effectively.
Our 2021 hydrogen strategy laid out our intention to explore the use of electricity and heat from nuclear power stations to produce pink hydrogen.
Will the Minister confirm that there is not an approved small modular reactor design in the UK yet, so talking of installing SMRs at Wylfa and elsewhere is just fantasy?
The hon.
Gentleman mentioned SMRs; I know Great British Nuclear is looking into the importance of those to our future net zero contributions and there will be sites, I hope, across the United Kingdom.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the delivery of freeports in Wales.
The Secretary of State was delighted recently to announce two successful freeports in Wales—the Celtic freeport and Anglesey freeport—which will each be supported by £26 million of Government funding.
We have regular discussions with Cabinet colleagues on the delivery of the two Welsh freeports, which we aim to bring into operation as soon as possible.
I have been a keen supporter of the new Solent freeport joining my Meon Valley constituency.
I know the economic benefits that freeports can bring to businesses and workers.
Can my hon.
Friend assure me that he is doing everything he can to ensure that the two freeport bids in Wales move ahead swiftly to benefit the communities they serve?
I certainly can.
The two new freeports will help to level up north-west and south-west Wales and bring new high-skilled jobs to successful areas.
They will become drivers of growth and employment in their areas, acting as hubs for regeneration, innovation and global trade.
I understand my hon.
Friend’s desire to see rapid progress.
Both the UK Government and the Welsh Government will work closely with the successful bidders to develop their outline business case so that we can understand the benefits, costs and the most beneficial intervention options.
The Celtic freeport bid is based on floating offshore wind.
The floating offshore wind manufacturing investment scheme is a vital programme to get the infrastructure in the port ready for the fabrication of substructures and turbines for floating offshore wind.
As the voice of Wales in the Cabinet, what steps is the Secretary of State taking with Cabinet colleagues to secure FLOWMIS to maximise the benefits of the Celtic sea freeport?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right about that.
He may also be aware of yesterday’s announcement of the leasing area in the Celtic sea for floating offshore wind.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State has regular meetings with stakeholders, as do I, about FLOWMIS and the necessary infrastructure to bring that into being.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on improving transport connectivity between south Wales and south-west England.