My hon.
Friend the Member for Great Grimsby made a brilliant speech.
There was a lot that I agreed with.
On the maths to 18 issue, I was one of those people who had a fear of maths.
I passed my maths O-level, but it took me three months and a second time around—I was slightly dyspraxic; it was a nightmare.
It is wrong that I was told that I would never have to do it again.
We should have practical numeracy—basic numeracy, times tables and so on—and what I call numerical  literacy, so that people can read bills and understand budgets.
That would help those who have difficulties.
Of course, any maths teaching should promote careers in mathematics.
I think that the Prime Minister is right: we must have maths to 18 along the principles that he set out in his speech.
I absolutely believe in that.
The experience of my hon.
Friend the Member for Great Grimsby was clear to see.
This is an estimates day debate, so we have to talk about facts and figures.
The DFE’s resource budget is about £86 billion—an uplift of more than £2 billion since the spending review—and £9 billion is directly linked to apprenticeships and further education.
Apprenticeships are a key rung on what I call—colleagues have nicely quoted it back at me—“the ladder of opportunity”.
We redesigned the programme in partnership with industry.
There are now accredited routes to more than 670 occupations, from entry level to expert.
Government funding for apprenticeships will reach £2.7 billion by 2024-25, as I have mentioned, and that money is reaching the economy.
The hon.
Member for Twickenham mentioned the apprenticeship budget.
We spent 99% of the apprenticeship budget, and let us not forget that we send hundreds of millions to the devolved authority, so the levy is being used.
I can give her a raft of quotes from businesses that are supportive of the levy.
The Opposition quote one or two businesses here and there that perhaps want it to be a skills levy, but—I have to disagree with the hon.
Lady and the shadow Minister—a skills levy would mean no apprentices or a diluted number of apprentices.
We are spending billions of pounds on skills.
I have already given the figures on that.
As the Chair of the Education Committee, my hon.
Friend the Member for Worcester, mentioned, the Association of Colleges has called for 50% of the apprenticeship levy to be spent on apprentices at levels 2 and 3, who are below the age of 25.
Under-25s made up 50% of starts in 2021-22; 70% of starts were at levels 2 and 3, providing an entry-level springboard into work.
Contrary to the bad news set out by the shadow spokesman, we have had a 22% increase in apprenticeship achievements in the academic year—that is what counts: achievements.
The 90% who achieve get good jobs when they finish their apprenticeship.
There were 8.6% more starts in 2021-22 than in 2021.
We are pushing and encouraging more degree apprenticeships.
They are a brilliant route up the ladder.
We are now putting in £40 million over the next couple of years—it was £8 million previously—to encourage providers to take up more students for degree apprenticeships.
My goodness, what a brilliant visit we had to the college in the constituency of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Loughborough (Jane Hunt) .
Anyone who wants an example of T-level success should go to Loughborough College, where state-of-the-art T-levels are being taught brilliantly—including healthcare T-levels, creating a pipeline for future NHS workers—and an institute of technology is being built.
It was an honour to lay the groundwork.
As I mentioned, we are spending £300 million on 21 institutes of technology around the country, of which there are already 12.