In fact, the Government’s targets for increasing nuclear are for 2050, not 2030.
On the cost of nuclear, yes, those points were made to the Committee.
We made sure that we had an evidence session to hear from Friends of the Earth and others who are opposed to nuclear per se.
We heard their strong arguments about their belief in an energy system entirely comprising of renewable and power storage technology in the future, but we also heard strong evidence that the technology for that does not yet exist.
We have to stay in the real world, so nuclear, which has been tried and tested over the long term as a provider of cheap and reliable power, is an important part of our future energy mix, in conjunction with other energy sources.
I was going to make a similar point to that made by  the hon.
Member for Brighton, Pavilion (Caroline Lucas) .
The right hon.
Gentleman is talking about not relying on future technologies, but SMRs are future technologies—he has admitted that they use technology that does not exist at the moment.
How much does he estimate one large-scale new nuclear plant will cost, and how much would a fleet of SMRs cost, if they come to fruition?
I am going to disappoint the hon.
Gentleman, because I do not have those specific figures in the pile of notes I have brought with me.
However, those figures are out there and the evidence is there.
He is right that small modular reactors are a technology for the future and testing is still required, but that work is going on, and not just in the UK but in other countries.
It will be a technology for the future, so there is no point in us putting our heads in the sand and wilfully pretending otherwise.
I believe it will be a technology for the future, but a lot will depend on future costs.
Particularly on estimates day, are we really “putting our heads in the sand” when that technology is simply the most expensive?
In considering  Government expenditure, should we not be looking for a technology that produces clean energy and is the least expensive, not the most expensive?
The evidence we considered took in the entire life cycle of a nuclear power station.
Looking at the energy produced over 30, 40, 50 or more years shows that they give us a secure, reliable base load of affordable energy production.
People who oppose nuclear per se will not be persuaded on cost or on the efficiency of the technology; they will not be persuaded at all.