Mr Speaker, it may not surprise you to hear that I do not agree with that characterisation.
Let me tell you about this Government’s record on the NHS: record funding; record doctors; record nurses; records scans; and record operations.
The only record from the Opposition party is in Wales, where they now have the worst A&E waiting times in the country.
The only other record is the length of the answers.
Maybe we can speed up with Richard Drax.
I associate myself with your comments about the NHS, Mr Speaker.
My constituents in Weymouth and Portland and I are getting a little tired of being told that placing a migrant barge in our port is in the national interest.
It is neither in the national interest nor in ours.
The barge, designed for 222, will accommodate 506 illegal migrants, already testing our overstretched resources.
It was imposed on us without any consultation.
There are many concerns both about the barge and about what the 506 young men will do, going around a seaside resort at the height of the summer, unmonitored and with little money.
Will my right hon.
Friend stop it, and ask my right hon.
Friend the Home Secretary to do likewise?
I am sure my hon.
Friend appreciates that we need to reduce the bill of housing asylum seekers in hotels and that we need to look at different measures to accommodate them.
Of course, I am very happy to engage with him, and I am sure the Home Secretary is too, to ensure we can find a satisfactory solution in his constituency that protects his constituents’ interests.
Last week, the coroner found that the cause of Luke Ashton’s suicide in April 2021 was gambling disorder.
Immediately before his death, Luke, bombarded with inducements, placed over 1,200 bets.
At no point did the operator intervene.
From his previous brief, the Deputy Prime Minister will have extensive knowledge of the harm those inducements cause, so does he agree that the commitments to curb advertising and promotions in the gambling White Paper do not go far enough to reduce harm and prevent more tragedies like Luke Ashton’s suicide?
The hon.
Lady will know from our conversations when I was Digital Secretary that I share her concerns about gambling inducements.
Indeed, I pay tribute to her for her campaigning on this issue.
I think we have a very good set of proposals in the gambling White Paper.
That sits alongside the 2019 “NHS Long Term Plan” which committed to 15 specialist units across England by 2024 to support those with gambling addiction.
I think we have good proposals in place.
May I draw the House’s attention to the fact that we have the Chief Minister of His Majesty’s Government of Gibraltar in the Gallery, Fabian Picardo?
May I seek an assurance from the Deputy Prime Minister that, as the UK-EU negotiations on the border between Gibraltar and Spain continue, the sovereign, freely expressed opinions of the Gibraltarian people to remain British will be protected, as well as their security and economic interests?
I am very happy to give my hon.
Friend, and indeed the First Minister of Gibraltar, exactly that assurance.
This Government will always stand up for the people of Gibraltar and their right to determine their own future.
Sarcomas are cancers that can affect any part of the body, inside or outside, including muscles, bones, tendons, blood vessels and fatty tissues.
Sarcoma is rare.
In the UK, around 15 people are diagnosed every day and 5,300 a year, including in families in Merthyr Tydfil and Rhymney.
Awareness is low and as this is Sarcoma Awareness Month, may I ask the Deputy Prime Minister to meet me and families affected so that we can discuss what more the Government can do to raise awareness and vital funds for research going forward?
I am very happy to give that commitment, I think probably best on behalf of Health Ministers.