Therefore, people will have to pay more to come to Wales and spend longer getting here as a result of the Welsh Labour Government’s policies.
I encourage all tourism operators to speak to their Welsh Labour Government Minister about this.
On the subject of tourism, is the Secretary of State aware that Avanti has decided to cancel further services into Chester and north Wales to coincide with the peak tourism season?
Improvements have been dangled in front of us one day and then pulled away at the next opportunity.
When will this hokey-cokey of train services stop?
I am aware of widespread concerns about Avanti’s performance.
I know that my colleagues in the Department for Transport have spoken to the company about them, but it has also suggested that some of the old-fashioned working rules that have been worked out with the unions are hampering its ability to supply trains as often as it wants.
All I can say to the hon.
Lady is that my colleagues in the Department for Transport are well aware of the concerns about Avanti and have spoken to the company about them.
I call the Chair of the Welsh Affairs Committee.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of economic growth in Wales.
This Government have put in place steps to deliver growth and to level up across the whole of the United Kingdom.
The IMF now predicts that cumulative UK growth over the 2022-24 period will be higher than that in Germany and Japan, and the Bank of England made one of the biggest upward revisions to its growth forecast for the UK.
In Wales, the Government have invested in two freeports and will guarantee at least one investment zone to support economic growth.
But the most recent data is not pretty reading as far as the Welsh economy is concerned.
The Welsh economy still has not returned to pre-pandemic levels, unlike in England, and unemployment in Wales is going up, unlike elsewhere in the United Kingdom.
Does my right hon.
Friend share my concern about what is going on inside the Welsh economy under the Labour Administration in Cardiff?
Does he agree that  what we need is a laser-like focus on supporting growth, supporting business and unleashing all the opportunity and potential in Wales?
My right hon.
Friend is correct.
It is deeply disappointing that growth in Wales is now below pre-pandemic levels, whereas in England it is above pre-pandemic levels.
The Welsh Labour Government need to ask themselves some difficult questions and perhaps stop concentrating on nanny state policies, such as the ban on meal deals, the 20 mph limit and the ban on new roads and start thinking about what they can do to deliver jobs—I do not mean the £100 million scheme to create a whole load of extra Senedd Members.
The Secretary of State will be aware of the announcement last week that has shocked the Bridgend communities about Zimmer Biomet and the suggestion of losing more than 550 jobs.
I, along with my Senedd colleagues, have met the Economy Minister, Vaughan Gething.
May I ask the Secretary of State to do all he can to make representations to the Business and Trade Secretary to encourage Zimmer Biomet to change its mind and keep the jobs in Bridgend and to grow from Bridgend to ensure that we keep these well-paid, highly skilled jobs into the future?
The hon.
Gentleman makes a very useful and important point.
Bridgend is a wonderful place in which to invest and do business, and the new freeport will make it even better in the vicinity.
I have been in touch with the Department for Work and Pensions about that, but I am very happy to talk to those in the Department for Business and Trade about what further measures can be taken to encourage that company and others to take advantage of the wonderful working environment that is Bridgend.