To them, I say on behalf of the House: thank you for your outstanding contribution to the health and wellbeing of us all.
Of course, the National Health Service Act 1946 is a reminder of the vital role of this House in creating and debating legislation as part of a democratic process, so I say to previous MPs: thank you for what you did.
We will not forget.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 5 July.
I have been asked to reply on behalf of my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister, who is attending a service right now in Westminster Abbey to celebrate the 75th anniversary of the NHS.
Mr Speaker, may I associate myself with your comments?
The NHS continues to be a treasured national institution, and I am sure that, during this sitting, colleagues across the House will join you in celebrating its values and achievements and thanking staff for their huge commitment to patients.
This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
Mr Speaker, can I also associate myself with the remarks you made celebrating the 75th anniversary of the NHS?
On behalf of my constituents and all our constituents, I thank its staff for the work they do, day in, day out.
Last Friday, I met a group of residents who have raised a petition to keep the last bank in Corringham town open.
The viability of our town centres often depends on the presence of a small number of anchor businesses, such as a post office or a bank.
Can my right hon.
Friend therefore tell the House what action the Government can take to ensure that at least one of those organisations maintains a high street presence to support businesses and residents alike, particularly when they have received significant Government support?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise this issue.
Banks are a cornerstone of our high streets.
Of course, it is ultimately a commercial decision for banks, but I think it is right that they take into account the views of local communities.
I am sure the bank in question will have heard his remarks to the House and I trust that it will take appropriate action.
We now come to the Deputy Leader of the Opposition, Angela Rayner.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, and can I associate myself with and thank you for your opening comments regarding our NHS?
I thank all those staff who have worked and continue to work in our NHS today.
I am sure Members across the whole House will join me in paying tribute to Lord Bob Kerslake, a decent and kind man who accomplished so much in both local and national Government during a lifetime of public service.
Our heartfelt condolences go to his family.
I am glad to see the right hon.
Gentleman here today.
I think I am right in saying that I have the pleasure again next week—two weeks on the trot.
The Government  really have given up.
Every day, 4,000 families’ mortgage deals expire, with 100,000 more since we last met and millions more next year.
Families are sick with worry about the cost of the Tory mortgage bombshell.
Do the Tories still claim to be the party of home ownership?
May I begin by associating myself with the right hon.
Lady’s remarks about Lord Bob Kerslake?
I knew him from my time in Downing Street.
He was a stalwart public servant and he will be missed by many on both sides of this House.
It may come as a surprise to the right hon.
Lady, but some leaders trust their deputies to stand in for them.
When it comes to mortgage rates, I support the independence of the Bank of England in taking the necessary measures to control inflation.