We have an opportunity—the north-east will be at the heart of this—to lead in the clean energy jobs of the future.
I declare an interest as the chair of the all-party parliamentary group on critical minerals.
Building local supply chains in Cornwall is one of the primary means by which local people can benefit, if we are to dig nearly £1 billion-worth of stuff out of the ground every year or pump 95 GW of offshore wind power onshore.
Therefore, what steps is the Secretary of State taking to ensure that supply chain businesses, particularly those of the size we have in Cornwall, and their workforces get the support they need, so that workers and local communities may share in the spoils of that investment?
Let me first say how much I love Cornwall.
I love Cornwall for many reasons, but one reason I love it is the opportunity it offers to drive the jobs of the future.
I know from my visit that, whether it is through critical minerals, geothermal or offshore wind, there are huge opportunities in Cornwall.
That is what the industrial strategy is designed to superpower.
That is what the huge investments my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor made in the spending review will provide.
As part of our clean energy workforce strategy later on this year, Cornwall will be at the heart of it.
I know that the Secretary of State loves Harlow as well.
Does he agree that the historic investment in clean energy secured at the spending review will mean thousands of job opportunities for young people, including in Harlow, in renewable energies, nuclear, energy efficiency and so much more?
I love Harlow, Mr Speaker, and I love Harlow college.
The visits I have made to the college have been incredibly inspiring; I have seen with my own eyes the enthusiastic young people there and spoken to them about green skills and the jobs of the future.
When I think about what this Government intend to deliver, it is absolutely about my hon.
Friend’s constituents in Harlow.
Will the Secretary of State join me in congratulating TK Murray Ltd—no relation, honest—an energy-saving contractor based in Kilsyth, on having already cross-trained more than half its workforce to become fully fledged installers of air source heat pump technology from gas boilers?
This has been facilitated by Warmworks, which has developed a supply chain of more than 30 small and medium-sized enterprises to make more than 750 green jobs a reality.
I love Cumbernauld, Mr Speaker.
My hon.
Friend raises the important opportunities in heat pump technology.
The growth in heat pumps that we are seeing is not just about a better deal for consumers, but about the manufacturing that we can see.
My hon.
Friend has given a great example of that.
If the Secretary of State loves Shropshire, and I am sure he does, I hope he will not bulldoze over all our green belt—but that is another story for another day.
The Secretary of State talks about green jobs.
I am sure he does not want our fire services to be deployed more and more, but with solar energy feeding into battery energy storage systems, there is real concern at Shropshire fire service and across the country that there will be fires that are very difficult for our fire services to control.
Does the Secretary of State agree that our fire services should be a statutory consultee on future planning applications for battery storage?
This is an important issue that we need to take seriously.
At the moment, it comes under the health and safety regime, but we are consulting on the best arrangements to ensure that we have the highest standards of safety.
There are high safety standards in place, but as we see the growth of batteries, we will endeavour to ensure that those standards are maintained.
It goes without saying that I love Burgess Hill.