My hon.
Friend is right.
It beggars belief that the Conservative party is so stuck in its ideological opposition to moving towards clean power.
We are clear that we must break our dependence on global fossil fuel markets, which led to record energy bills during the energy crisis.
We are making that sprint, but it is critical that we support the most vulnerable households while we make that transition, which is why I am so proud that this Government extended the warm home discount so that an extra 2.7 million households—one in five—will benefit this winter.
I congratulate Ministers again on embracing the principles of the sunshine Bill campaign, run by me and many others to ensure that solar panels are included on the roofs of all new houses.
In the heat of recent weeks, people in my constituency have been sweltering in beautiful old regency buildings, which pose a particular challenge in this respect.
Do Ministers agree that if we line up heat pump technology and solar panels, we can lower our energy bills and keep cool at the same time?
The hon.
Member is right.
We believe in a solar panel revolution.
That is one of the key things that Great British Energy will bring about across the country.
On overheating, it will be critical to ensure that as we upgrade homes, we make them fit for purpose in the context of climate change.
We are including air-to-air heat pumps in the boiler upgrade scheme, and we will consider other measures to keep homes cool.
The Government have taken long-overdue steps to secure rooftop solar on new builds, but there is even greater untapped potential on existing commercial and domestic rooftops.
Will Ministers consider introducing a scheme, similar to those in other countries, offering free installation of rooftop solar for businesses and residents?
The costs could be paid back through a long-term power-purchasing agreement.
That would simultaneously increase the supply of clean energy and cut bills.
My hon.
Friend is right to talk about the potential of solar on our commercial buildings.
We know that solar can reduce energy bills by about £600.
We are looking at all the options, because we are absolutely serious about a solar rooftop revolution, whether on our homes or commercial buildings.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
We welcomed the joint agreement signed in May between the UK and the EU, in which small steps were taken to address the impacts of the Conservatives’ botched Brexit deal on energy costs and bills.
What further steps will the Secretary of State take to forge energy co-operation  through a recoupling of the UK and EU electricity markets and the UK’s participation in the EU’s internal electricity market, to boost trade, bring down renewable energy costs and reduce energy bills?
We have been listening to industry voices, and they are very clear about the opportunities for stronger alignment.
We will continue to engage with them, and with our partners in the EU on the opportunities as we make the sprint to clean power.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Since the last oral question time for the Department, the spending review announced the largest investment in clean energy in our country’s history—investment in new nuclear; in carbon, capture and storage; and in hydrogen transport and storage.
We are investing £8.3 billion through Great British Energy and £13.2 billion in our warm homes plan for energy security, lower bills and good jobs.
Evidence from the National Grid, Ofgem and Imperial College London shows that locational or zonal pricing would save billions of pounds a year, lower bills and reduce the need for expensive and often unpopular grid infrastructure.
Why has the Secretary of State ruled it out?