We have been working closely with the Scottish Government and engaging with Scottish MPs.
We know that about 97,000 meters needs to be replaced in Scotland.
All those households have been contacted multiple times.
In addition, because we know that there are particular challenges in some rural communities, we have done a sprint, in which suppliers are working in collaboration with the local authority to bring down the number of replacements needed.
I can reassure the hon.
Member that no area will be switched off without us contacting consumers to inform them, without us allowing them to book in emergency appointments, and, critically, without us informing MPs and local authorities, so that we do this in the best possible way.
What assessment he has made of the potential implications for his policies of the Climate Change Committee’s report entitled “Progress in reducing emissions”, published on 25 June 2025.
The Climate Change Committee report made clear the progress we have made in the past 12 months on overturning the terrible legacy of the Conservatives, who turned their back on climate action.
We know that clean power is the route to energy security, lower bills and good jobs.
It is a shame that the Tories and Reform are still stuck in the past.
The Climate Change Committee says that the UK should be proud of its approach to consistent and sustained decarbonisation, but there is much more to do.
This week, Bracknell Forest Community Climate Action is hosting a summit to discuss what can be done locally to address climate change and support nature.
Does the Minister agree that local initiatives like this demonstrate the strong public support for action on climate change?
We know that there is strong public support, and we are keen to engage more at a local level with groups like Bracknell Forest Community Climate Action.
That is why we have set up the local net zero delivery group to work with councils and mayors, and why we will produce a public participation strategy later this year.
I very much hope that my hon.
Friend’s constituents will get involved in that.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating the fantastic Lib Dem-run Winchester city council on being rated the greenest council in the UK by Climate Action UK?
That is a lot of work by politicians, and it shows what politicians who dearly believe in this issue can achieve if they crack on and deal with it, rather than weaponising it in some kind of culture war.
I am happy to join the hon.
Member in congratulating his local council.
I visited the Local Government Association the week before last, I think, with the local net zero delivery group, on which we have representation from all areas of local government.
I am keen to learn from the best and translate that into action for others who need a bit more encouragement.
What steps he is taking to increase the use of renewable energy.
Our clean power 2030 action plan sets out our pathway to delivering clean power.
To support that plan, we recently launched the solar road map, which confirms plans to increase domestic solar installations through the future homes standard and warm homes plan.
Over 50% of our food and £2.7 billion in lifesaving medicines depend on the cold chain, but operators face soaring energy costs and growing grid instability.
In Epsom and Ewell, Sunswap is pioneering battery and solar-powered refrigeration, which cuts emissions while protecting vital supply chains.
Will the Minister commit to targeted support for renewable energy innovators like Sunswap, whose technology can strengthen both sustainability and national resilience?
The hon.
Lady is right that we have an enormous amount of innovation in this space and real potential to meet our future needs, not just as a result of the pathway that we have outlined, but through innovative solutions like the one she mentioned, which provide specific support to targeted industries.