Will the Minister or his officials meet me to discuss how we can turn this into a win-win opportunity for rooftop green solar?
That sounds like a fantastic opportunity.
Our ambition is to see solar panels on as many rooftops across the country as possible.
It is a win-win opportunity, as the hon.
Gentleman rightly puts it.
He and I have spoken about a number of these issues previously, and I am happy to discuss this one with him.
If he could write to me with the specifics, we will certainly look at the matter.
In the meantime, we are looking at reforming all those processes to make sure that we can get as much power as possible.
I call the Chair of the Energy Security and Net Zero Committee.
The challenges of increasing electricity grid capacity include the ability to get planning consent and to achieve grid connections, as the Minister knows.
In the report that the Select Committee published last week, we referred to the problem of inconsistency in some of the guidance and energy plans over which comes first—the grid connection or the planning consent.
Will the Minister please address  that and ensure that the Government clear up that inconsistency, so that we can move forward with increasing electricity generation and grid capacity?
I thank my hon.
Friend for the question and for the work that he and the whole Committee have been doing on this matter.
His report has been my bedtime reading every night this week as it is an important piece of work.
He is right about two things.
First, where processes are not as well aligned as they should be, we absolutely need to look at what we can do to make sure that they work much more coherently.
The second point his report made, which we are also looking at, is how we bring together things such as the strategic spatial energy plan, the holistic network design and the land use framework to make sure that we have coherent plans across the country, so that we can plan properly our energy system.
What steps he is taking to help support businesses to reduce their energy costs.
We know that the cost of energy is a huge challenge to businesses across the country.
That is why our mission to deliver clean power by 2030 is so important: that is how we will get bills down for good.
While we try to get there, we are taking action to support businesses, including through the new British industrial competitiveness scheme, which will reduce electricity costs by around 20% to 25% for more than 7,000 businesses.
When the Government help businesses reduce energy costs, including by aiding their transition, businesses such as the pubs and cafés in Dawley, Madeley and Oakengates and manufacturers on Stafford Park and Halesfield can then protect and create jobs and pass on savings to customers.
Will the Government back those businesses and ask the energy giants, which continue to make tens of billions of pounds of profit, to pay for it?
My hon.
Friend is completely right to stress the challenges faced by businesses.
The Government are committed to backing businesses.
We are working with the regulator to make sure that the system is fair for everyone and, as is set out in our industrial strategy, from 2027 the new British industrial competitiveness scheme will reduce electricity costs by up to £40 per megawatt-hour, which will benefit thousands of electricity-intensive industries, including the ones in his constituency.
We are very clear that we are backing businesses, and we will do everything we can to support them in driving down bills.
Energy costs are an issue that the Prax oil refinery has brought to my attention over the years as a problem it has been facing.
I appreciate the calls I have had with the Minister for Energy about this.