Rolls-Royce in Derby has recently been announced as the preferred bidder for the delivery of small modular reactors, which means that many of my Erewash constituents will become the beating heart of the workforce that delivers the reactors.
Can the Minister explain how Derbyshire’s finest SMRs will help to end our reliance on foreign oil and gas?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right; the Government are committed to delivering a new golden age of nuclear, securing an abundance of clean power after 14 years of dither and delay from the Conservatives, and with that will come investment across the country.
On  10 June , following a robust two-year process, Great British Energy Nuclear selected Rolls-Royce SMR as its preferred bidder to deliver the UK’s first small modular reactor, subject to final Government approvals and contract signature.
The Government are making available £2.5 billion across the spending review to enable this to be one of Europe’s first SMR programmes.
I have always been a supporter of nuclear power.
Unfortunately, we do not have access to nuclear power in Northern Ireland, but I know from discussions with the Minister that he is very keen to ensure that modular nuclear power opportunities are available in Northern Ireland.
Business that I have spoken to want access to these opportunities, as does the Northern Ireland Assembly.
I know that the Minister is always committed to trying to make things better, so has he had an opportunity to talk to the relevant Minister in the Northern Ireland Assembly about ensuring that access to modular nuclear power is available to us in Northern Ireland?
I regularly engage with Ministers in the Northern Irish Executive, including in the Department for the Economy, which has responsibility for energy policy in Northern Ireland, and we discuss a range of issues.
We are happy to support the Northern Irish Executive in any way we can, either with technology or through rolling out the regulatory framework.
We are really excited about the opportunities posed by SMRs and are happy to discuss that in Northern Ireland as well.
What steps his Department is taking to help reduce industrial electricity prices.
What steps his Department is taking to help reduce industrial electricity prices.
We understand that high energy bills are a challenge for businesses, and particularly energy-intensive companies.
We are clear that, in the long term, our mission to deliver clean power is the only way to bear down on that cost.
But  while we get there, we are providing the support needed through the British industrial competitiveness scheme and the supercharger scheme, protecting over 7,000 businesses.
The UK’s industrial electricity prices are among the highest in Europe, and it is quite clear that the Government’s current policies are failing manufacturing businesses in constituencies such as mine.
Will the Minister commit to introducing support that genuinely reduces electricity costs for manufacturers, including by tackling high wholesale energy prices, rather than prolonging the uncertainty, which sadly puts local jobs at risk?
I gently remind the right hon.
Member that industrial energy prices rocketed on the Conservatives’ watch.
Gas prices for non-domestic companies went up by 170%, which was catastrophic for UK plc.
We are taking action to support businesses through our sprint to clean power and, critically, the measures we are providing through the British industrial competitiveness scheme.
Those measures have been supported by Make UK, the British Chambers of Commerce, UK Steel and the Chemical Industries Association.
The Conservatives dithered, delayed and did nothing to support businesses; we are cracking on and getting on with the job.
On Friday, I visited C&M Precision Ltd, a small manufacturing company in my constituency.
Electricity represents easily its biggest cost.
What is the Minister doing to listen to small and medium-sized enterprises like C&M who feel that their voice is simply not being heard?
We are listening to businesses, particularly small and medium-sized businesses.