Electricity represents easily its biggest cost.
What is the Minister doing to listen to small and medium-sized enterprises like C&M who feel that their voice is simply not being heard?
We are listening to businesses, particularly small and medium-sized businesses.
We have heard companies complain, for example, about being locked into expensive fixed-term contracts.
That is why Ofgem is working to deliver blend-and-extend contracts so that businesses can benefit from lower prices.
We have heard their frustration at the lack of a redress system, which is why last December we expanded the ombudsman service to 99% of businesses so that they can get redress and financial awards of up to £20,000.
We have also heard their frustration about energy brokers, which is why we have consulted on introducing regulation of third-party intermediaries.
We will respond in due course.
Last week, the Energy Security and Net Zero Committee heard from Make UK and representatives from the chemical, petrochemical, steel and ceramics industries that closer alignment and collaboration with the EU on energy pricing is critical to reducing bills.
That is also recognised in the Government’s industrial strategy.
What more is the Department doing to bring that forward quickly?
My hon.
Friend makes a good point.
Industry voices have been calling for that close alignment, particularly on the emissions trading scheme—we have heard that from UK Steel, the CBI, Make UK and the Energy Intensive Users Group—and we believe that those stronger linkages are the right thing to do to cut red tape at the border, to protect  consumers from higher costs and, critically, to boost trade and growth, which the Government are absolutely committed to doing.
One way to drive down energy costs, including for energy-intensive industries, could be to help cut curtailment costs by encouraging the co-location of new energy-intensive industry sectors with some of the renewable sectors that we are currently having to pay to switch off.
As we start to roll out more data centres across the country, what conversations have Ministers had about how such centres could be optimally located to help reduce our energy bills at the same time?
My hon.
Friend makes a good point, as always.
We in the Department are working across Government—as part of the AI Council as well as with colleagues in the Department for Business and Trade—to ensure that we have the co-ordination and collaboration to support businesses on the ground.
What steps he is taking to help increase the supply of clean energy.
We will continue to support new renewables through the contracts for difference scheme in conjunction with initiatives such as the warm homes plan, the future homes standard and the boiler upgrade scheme.
Great British Energy and Great British Energy Nuclear will together invest more than £8.3 billion over this Parliament in home-grown clean power.
I welcome the Government’s mission to achieve clean power by 2030.
I know that the Minister will agree that it is vital that we make the transition to net zero as quickly as possible, not only to fight climate change but to lower energy bills.
Does he agree that whereas previous Governments have failed to deliver for the British people, our plans are the single best way to bring down energy bills for families, including in my Battersea constituency, and to provide them with much-needed energy security?
I completely agree.
My hon.
Friend makes the point that this is not just about action on the climate—as important as that is—and creating thousands of new jobs, but about bringing down bills and, crucially, delivering on that energy security point.
The truth is that even though our clean power mission is about doing all four of those things at the same time, the Conservative party opposes all of that action, would leave us much more vulnerable to the volatility of the fossil fuel markets, and would turn its face against the economic opportunity of the 21st century.