It contained names and contact details of applicants and, in some instances, information relating to applicants’ family members.
In a small number of cases, the names of Members of Parliament, senior military officers and Government officials were noted as supporting the application.
This was a serious departmental error.
It was in clear breach of strict data protection protocols, and was one of many data losses relating to the ARAP scheme during this period.
Ministers in the previous Government first became aware of the data loss in mid-August 2023, 18 months after the incident, when personal details of nine individuals from the dataset appeared online.
Action was taken to ensure they were swiftly removed, an internal investigation was conducted, and the incident was reported to both the Metropolitan police and the Information Commissioner.
The Met deemed that no criminal investigation was necessary, and the Information Commissioner has continued to work with the Department throughout.
However, journalists were almost immediately aware of the breach, and the previous Administration applied to the High Court for an injunction to prevent the data  loss becoming public.
The judge deemed that the risk warranted going further and, on  1 September 2023 , granted a super-injunction, which prevented disclosure of the very existence of the injunction.
That super-injunction has been in place for nearly two years, during which time eight media organisations and their journalists were served to prohibit any reporting.
No Government wish to withhold information from the British public, parliamentarians or the press in this manner.
In autumn 2023, previous Ministers started work on establishing a new resettlement scheme specifically designed for people in the compromised dataset who were not eligible for ARAP but who were nevertheless judged to be at the highest risk of reprisals by the Taliban.
It is known as the Afghanistan response route, or ARR.
It was covered by the super-injunction.
The then Government initially established the ARR to resettle a target cohort of around 200 principals, but in early 2024 a combination of Ministers’ decisions on the scheme’s policy design and the court’s views had broadened that category to nearly 3,000 principals.
I want to provide assurance to the House and the British public that all individuals relocated under the Afghanistan response route, ARAP or the Home Office’s Afghan citizens resettlement scheme undergo strict national security checks before being able to enter our country.
The full number of Afghan arrivals under all schemes has been reported in the regular Home Office statistics, meaning that they are already counted in existing migration figures.
As shadow Defence Secretary, I was initially briefed on the ARR by James Heappey, the former Armed Forces Minister, on  12 December 2023 , and issued with the super-injunction at the start of that meeting.
Other members of the present Cabinet were only informed of the evidence of the data breach, the operation of the ARR, and the existence of the super-injunction on taking office after the general election.
By that time, the ARR scheme was fully established and in operation, and it was nearly two and a half years since the data loss.
I have felt deeply concerned about the lack of transparency to Parliament and to the public.
I felt it only right to reassess the decision-making criteria for the ARR.
We began, straightaway, to take a hard look at the policy complexities, costs, risks, court hearings and the range of Afghan relocation schemes being run by the previous Government.
Cabinet colleagues endorsed the need for new insights in the autumn of last year, while the scheme kept running.
In December 2024, I announced the streamlining of the range of Government schemes that we inherited into the Afghan resettlement programme to establish better value for money, a single set of time-limited entitlements and support to get Afghan families resettled.
On behalf of the House, I sincerely thank our colleagues in local government, without whom this unified resettlement programme would simply not have been possible.