On the specific issue he raises, we will take no lectures from the Conservatives.
Some 70,000 jobs were lost in the North sea on their watch.
And here is the difference: we are building the future.
The Acorn project was talked about for year after year by the Conservatives but nothing was done.
This Government are delivering.
I call shadow Minister Bowie.
The Secretary of State will not apologise.
That is absolutely fine.
The industry already knows that this is a Government who want nothing to do with it, and who take every opportunity to talk it down and make every effort to shut it down.
In that same session last week, the Minister who is sitting to the Secretary of State’s left also claimed that
“much of the gas that is extracted from the North sea is exported”.
That is simply not true: 100% of all the gas extracted from the North sea is used in Britain.
The Secretary of State knows that, so why is he so determined to talk down this industry, spout falsehoods and myths, drive investment out of the UK, rely more on imports and, crucially, cost people’s jobs and drive the skills we need out of this country?
That is exactly what he and his colleagues are doing.
Here is the difference between them and us.
They would keep us hooked on fossil fuels for time immemorial.
They have learned not a single lesson from the disaster they inflicted on this country: family finances ruined; business finances ruined; public finances ruined.
A year on, there is not a word of apology.
What estimate he has made of the number of additional jobs that have been created in clean power industries in the north-east since July 2024.
What estimate he has made of the number of additional jobs that have been created in clean power industries since July 2024.
What estimate he has made of the number of additional jobs that have been created in clean power industries since July 2024.
What estimate he has made of the number of additional jobs that have been created in clean power industries since July 2024.
Since coming to office, the Government have shown how clean power can create jobs across our country, with thousands of jobs in nuclear, through our investments in Sizewell C and small modular reactors; in carbon capture and storage; in offshore wind; and in home heating through our warm homes plan.
This is what it means to deliver reindustrialisation through our clean energy sprint.
I thank the Secretary of State for that answer.
The north-east is uniquely placed to be the home of the green energy revolution, with the expansion of the Energy Academy in north Tyneside providing a skills pipeline.
How will the clean energy industries  sector plan help to provide long-term certainty for investment and deliver good quality jobs for communities across my Cramlington and Killingworth constituency and the north-east?
I see the north-east as an absolute powerhouse for the clean energy jobs we want to create.
Early on in this Government, we did something which again had been talked about for years by the Conservative party in delivering the east coast carbon capture, usage and storage cluster, which is projected to create thousands of jobs, including benefits for my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
It is not just the direct jobs that will be created, but jobs in the supply chain.
We have an opportunity—the north-east will be at the heart of this—to lead in the clean energy jobs of the future.
I declare an interest as the chair of the all-party parliamentary group on critical minerals.
Building local supply chains in Cornwall is one of the primary means by which local people can benefit, if we are to dig nearly £1 billion-worth of stuff out of the ground every year or pump 95 GW of offshore wind power onshore.