That is not the position of the Government, because report after report and the evidence points to the fact that undergrounding cables is significantly more expensive than putting them above ground.
Individual applications will clearly look at the individual circumstances and make a decision on that.
We have said as a Government that communities that host network infrastructure should benefit through community benefits and direct money off bills, and that is what we will deliver.
It was recently announced that the surplus Ministry of Defence land at RAF Wyton in my constituency has been designated as an MOD trailblazer site.
The Housing Minister confirmed  to me last week that no assessment has yet been made of the energy infrastructure currently in place.
The Prime Minister recently confirmed to me here in the Chamber that my proposal to develop a defence technology cluster on the site would be supported.
To that end, is the Minister prepared to look into the available energy infrastructure and substation connectivity at the site and write to me with his assessment?
The hon.
Gentleman is assiduous in raising these sorts of questions with me.
I am very happy to look at the possibilities.
He is right to outline the potential of sites such as that, and we will look at it.
Nova Innovation in my constituency is pioneering floating solar, which is generating clean energy.
Will my right hon.
Friend outline what steps the Government are taking to support the development of floating solar?
That sounds incredibly exciting, and I look forward to finding out more.
We have been using floating solar technology in this country since 2016.
Last month, the French started the largest plant in Europe, producing 74.3 MW.
The Chinese have single plants that produce 350 MW.
Given the scale of its use across the world, bar Britain, why did the Secretary of State refer to floating solar as a nascent technology?
What is nascent about it?
It sounds like I am being educated about floating solar.
I am happy to share the hon.
Gentleman’s enthusiasm for it; if he has proposals about how we can take it forward, I am all ears.
In France, Germany, Croatia and elsewhere on mainland Europe, geothermal energy is being taken very seriously.
I was disappointed that geothermal energy got little mention in the industrial strategy, particularly as there is estimated to be 30 GW of energy in the Cornish granite batholith.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss how we clear the barriers to unleash the potential of the Cornish granite batholith?
My hon.
Friend always raises the huge potential of Cornwall in this House and in the energy space.
He is right to talk about the potential for geothermal; we are hugely excited about the opportunities that it presents.
I am very happy to meet him and others to discuss further how we can take it forward.
I am already being contacted by constituents who are worried about affording their energy bills this winter, but do not feel that the service they get from the energy companies is properly supporting them.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure that energy companies provide the support that they need?
We are very clear that energy companies have strict obligations to follow.
We are working with Ofgem to ensure that it adheres to those obligations, and we are doing the job  of reviewing Ofgem to ensure that it is a proper consumer champion, with the mandate and powers to work on behalf of consumers and reform this market so that it works in the interests of the hon.
Lady’s constituents.
More than 100 INEOS chemical employees are to lose their jobs at Grangemouth because the refinery has closed.