Cabinet colleagues endorsed the need for new insights in the autumn of last year, while the scheme kept running.
In December 2024, I announced the streamlining of the range of Government schemes that we inherited into the Afghan resettlement programme to establish better value for money, a single set of time-limited entitlements and support to get Afghan families resettled.
On behalf of the House, I sincerely thank our colleagues in local government, without whom this unified resettlement programme would simply not have been possible.
At the beginning of this year, I commissioned Paul Rimmer, a former senior civil servant and ex-deputy chief of Defence Intelligence, to conduct an independent review.
The review was concluded and reported to Ministers last month.
Today I am releasing a public version of Rimmer’s review, and I am placing a copy of it in the Library of the House.
I am very grateful to him for his work.
Despite brutal human rights abuses in Afghanistan, the Rimmer review notes the passage of time—it is nearly four years since the fall of Kabul—and concludes:
“There is little evidence of intent by the Taleban to conduct a campaign of retribution against”
former officials.
It also concludes that those who pose a challenge to the Taliban rule now are at greater risk of a reaction from the regime, and that
“the wealth of data inherited from the former government”
by the Taliban
“would already enable them”
to target individuals if they wished to do so, which means that it is “highly unlikely” that merely being on the spreadsheet
“would be the…piece of information enabling or prompting the Taleban to act.”
Rimmer is clear: he stresses the uncertainty in any judgments and does not rule out any risk.
Yet he concludes that, given this updated context, the current policy that we inherited
“appears an extremely significant intervention…to address the potentially limited net additional risk the incident likely presents.”
The Rimmer review is a very significant element, but not the sole element, in the Government’s decision to change policy, to close the ARR and to ensure that the court order is lifted today.
Policy concerns about proportionality, public accountability, cost and fairness were also important factors for the Government.
This was not a decision taken lightly; it follows a lengthy process, including the Rimmer review, detailed ministerial discussions and repeated consultations with legal advisers.
Just as I have changed Government policy in the light of the review, the High Court today, in the light of the review, ruled that there was no tenable basis for the continuation of the super-injunction.
To date, 900 ARR principals are in Britain or in transit, together with 3,600 family members, at a cost of about £400 million.
From today, there will be no new ARR offers of relocation to Britain.
From today, the route is closed.
However, we will honour the 600 invitations already made to any named persons still in Afghanistan and their immediate family.
When this nation makes a promise, we should keep it.
Today I am also restoring full accountability for the Government’s Afghan relocation schemes to Parliament, and I would expect our Select Committees now to hold us to account through in-depth inquiries.
Let me turn to the practical action that we have taken as a result of this policy change and in preparation for the lifting of the court’s super-injunction.
My first concern has been to notify as many people as possible who are affected by the data incident and to provide them with further advice.
The Ministry of Defence has done that this morning, although it has not been possible to contact every individual on the dataset, owing to its incomplete and out-of-date information.