We are working with Ofgem to ensure that it adheres to those obligations, and we are doing the job  of reviewing Ofgem to ensure that it is a proper consumer champion, with the mandate and powers to work on behalf of consumers and reform this market so that it works in the interests of the hon.
Lady’s constituents.
More than 100 INEOS chemical employees are to lose their jobs at Grangemouth because the refinery has closed.
The £200 million commitment to Project Willow does not help them in the here and now, and it is frankly an insult to the workers who are about to lose their livelihoods to talk about training opportunities at Forth Valley college that are not being afforded to them.
What have the Government actually done and what will they  do for those workers who do not have the same redundancy or training package as the refinery workers?
We are looking in the round at how we can deliver jobs and opportunities on the Grangemouth site.
The National Wealth Fund made an unprecedented commitment of £200 million, and I have been meeting companies that are potentially interested in developing projects, to make sure we get them over the line.
We have delivered on the training guarantee and delivered support beyond that provided by the Falkirk and Grangemouth growth deal.
We are doing everything we can to support the workforce there, and we will continue to do so.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I wish to make a statement on a significant data protection breach from February 2022 relating to the Afghan relocations and assistance policy.
It led to the High Court granting an unprecedented super-injunction and the previous Government establishing a secret Afghan resettlement route.
Today I am announcing to the House a change in Government policy.
I am closing that resettlement route, disclosing the data loss, and confirming that the Court order was lifted at 12 noon today.
Members of this House—including you, Mr Speaker, and me—have been subject to the super-injunction.
It is unprecedented.
To be clear, the Court has always recognised the parliamentary privilege of proceedings in this House, and Ministers decided not to tell parliamentarians about the data incident at an earlier stage, as the widespread publicity would increase the risk of the Taliban obtaining the dataset.
However, as parliamentarians and as Ministers, it has been deeply uncomfortable to be constrained from reporting to this House.
I am grateful to be able to disclose the details to Parliament today.
I trust that you, Mr Speaker, and Members will bear with me if I take the time to ensure that the House now has the fullest information possible, as I discussed with you yesterday.
The facts are as follows.
In February 2022, 10 months after the then Defence Secretary, Ben Wallace, introduced the Afghan relocations and assistance policy and six months after the fall of Kabul, a Defence official emailed an ARAP case working file outside authorised Government systems.
As the House knows, ARAP is the resettlement scheme that this country established for Afghan citizens who worked for, or with, our UK armed forces over the combat years in Afghanistan.
Both in opposition and in government, Labour has backed that scheme, and ARAP has had full support from across this House.
The official mistakenly believed that they were sending the names of 150 applicants.
However, the spreadsheet in fact contained personal information associated with 18,714 Afghans who had applied to either the ex gratia scheme or the ARAP scheme on, or before,  7 January 2022 .
It contained names and contact details of applicants and, in some instances, information relating to applicants’ family members.
In a small number of cases, the names of Members of Parliament, senior military officers and Government officials were noted as supporting the application.
This was a serious departmental error.