I repeat the ask that I have made in the House a number of times, and in writing to the chief executive, that he should put his hands in his pockets and do the right thing by the workforce.
We are doing everything we can as part of the insolvency process safely to manage the refinery, and to look at whether there are buyers interested in taking it on.
The latest central estimate from the Office for Budget Responsibility puts the cost of achieving net zero by 2050 at £803 billion, with half that cost attributed to lost fuel duties.
Does the Secretary of State accept that the Government will need to increase duties elsewhere, including on renewables, which could push bills up further?
The most significant thing about the OBR report is that it says there is an 8% threat to our GDP by 2070 in a 3°C world, and a 56% rise in the debt to GDP ratio if we do not act on climate change.
That is the most important thing from that report, which I recommend all hon.
Members read over the summer.
I have received numerous emails from my constituents in Broxtowe, raising concerns about the loss of or threat to meadows.
Meadows are critical to our environment and have been part of our natural heritage for centuries.
They provide a wealth of benefits such as a unique wildlife habitat, flood alleviation and the promotion of clean air.
Without better protection, remaining historic meadows and their ecological value risk vanishing beneath our feet.
Will the Minister commit to including the protection of meadows in the list of irreplaceable habitats?
I appreciate my hon.
Friend’s concerns.
This is a matter for the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, but I am happy to talk to colleagues as they bring forward their land use framework.
Nature-based solutions to climate change are important, so we very much engage with our colleagues in DEFRA on these issues.
Solar developers are not playing by the rules when it comes to accessing the land of people on Ynys Môn.
Government guidance states that developers must act reasonably when trying to obtain permission to access the land, but my constituents have received threatening emails and there have even been cases of developers trespassing on land.
Does the Minister condone such behaviour, and does he believe that current guidance is strong enough to protect constituents such as mine?
I do not know the specifics of the case that the hon.
Lady raises—if she wants to send any details to me, I will certainly look at them.
We clearly want to see and expect in every single case a partnership between developers delivering projects that we think are important, the planning system responsible for putting the processes in place and the communities who should have their local area protected and be able to access it.
I am happy to follow up with her if she wants to raise specifics with me.
The Vyrnwy Frankton project, which aims to connect onshore wind to the grid, would cut across my constituency and affect local communities and cherished countryside, posing a threat to businesses and tourism.
Will the Minister assure me that the impact of the project and its associated lifetime costs will be minimised by undergrounding the cables along the route, except where geology makes that impossible?
That is not the position of the Government, because report after report and the evidence points to the fact that undergrounding cables is significantly more expensive than putting them above ground.
Individual applications will clearly look at the individual circumstances and make a decision on that.
We have said as a Government that communities that host network infrastructure should benefit through community benefits and direct money off bills, and that is what we will deliver.