My hon.
Friend makes the point that this is not just about action on the climate—as important as that is—and creating thousands of new jobs, but about bringing down bills and, crucially, delivering on that energy security point.
The truth is that even though our clean power mission is about doing all four of those things at the same time, the Conservative party opposes all of that action, would leave us much more vulnerable to the volatility of the fossil fuel markets, and would turn its face against the economic opportunity of the 21st century.
The Minister will recognise that one way to increase the supply of clean energy is to enable community energy projects to supply local energy markets.
When Ministers are asked about that, as he knows they have been many times, they generally say that there is no technical  obstacle to it happening, but will the Minister recognise that there is world of difference between, on the one hand, something being technically possible and, on the other, that same thing being facilitated and encouraged so it really happens?
Will he focus on the latter as the Government develop their energy market reforms?
I completely agree.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman is absolutely right: there are no technical barriers to doing it, but that does not mean that it is a straightforward process.
To be honest, things that I thought would have been much more straightforward, like how we define “community”, are more difficult to get right, but we are absolutely determined to do it.
He is right to make the point about delivering clean power that benefits local communities, so that they can buy it locally and really see the benefit of hosting it.
That is exactly what we are determined to do and we will continue to work to make it happen.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of extending the warm home discount to all households in receipt of means-tested benefits on people receiving those benefits.
We know that households are under huge pressure with the cost of living, and energy costs are a big part of that.
The expansion of the warm home discount scheme will mean that nearly 3 million more families will receive vital support with their energy bills this winter.
This will provide much-needed help at a time when people desperately need it.
Will the Minister confirm how many residents in my North Durham constituency will benefit from the extension of the warm home discount to all households in receipt of means-tested benefits?
Sadly, we do not have data at constituency level, but I can tell my hon.
Friend, who is a brilliant champion for his constituency, that around 100,000 extra households in the north-east will benefit from the expansion—an increase of around 50%.
The Minister will be aware that many homes, particularly in rural areas, are older properties that are difficult to insulate.
Does she agree that we all need to concentrate on those older types of properties, many of which are the homes of elderly people who cannot afford expensive energy?
We need to concentrate on ensuring that those homes are properly insulated and that the warm home discount scheme is extended to such properties.
The hon.
Member makes an important point.
We are very clear that we need to make sure that we have the right solutions for every household, including those in rural communities.
I have met representatives from rural communities, councils, Members and some of the companies that are trying to do work in rural communities.
We are absolutely committed to getting this right as part of the warm homes plan.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of mechanisms to encourage private sector investment in renewable energy sources.
Since the election last year, we have secured over £50 billion of investment into the UK’s clean energy industries.