I thank the Minister for her answer.
Energy security is important not just to help bring bills down now.
Does the Minister agree that it is also vital for the future and for protecting future generations, including in my constituency of eminently lovable Watford, because those young people are the ones who will face the climate change consequences in the years to come?
As someone who grew up in Luton, I am not sure I am allowed to say that I love Watford, because there is an age-old rivalry there—but yes, we know that acting now with our clean energy superpower mission, scaling up renewables, reinforcing the grid and reducing our reliance on volatile fossil fuel markets will mean a cleaner, more secure future for generations to come.
That is why, unlike the Conservatives, we are following the science and showing the leadership that is needed at home and abroad.
Around Beverley, there are proposals for five solar farms, totalling 465 MW.
Can the Minister assure my constituents that the scientific evidence that will be used to assess this will include the cumulative impact of these projects on the area around Beverley?
Yes, of course we look at the cumulative impact of these developments.
Having been in the Department, the right hon.
Gentleman will know that we have an excellent team of scientists led by Professor Paul Monks, who I want to pay tribute to because he is standing down later this year.
I am sure the right hon.
Gentleman would want to do so too.
I call the shadow Secretary of State—and congratulations on your marriage!
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
The Secretary of State tried to argue yesterday that he is a climate change believer and everybody else who disagrees with him is a denier, because he does not want to engage with any legitimate criticism of his policies.
He is offshoring British industries—in other words, replacing British goods with dirtier imports with higher emissions.
Can the Minister confirm what the scientific evidence is that doing so will help to tackle climate change?
Perhaps if the right hon.
Member had been here yesterday, she would have been able to engage with the Secretary of State on this.
The science is absolutely clear: every avoided fraction of a degree of  warming makes a difference to the severity of climate impacts.
That is why the Prime Minister went to the global leaders summit at COP29 last year to announce a new 1.5°C-aligned nationally determined contribution, and we will continue to show international leadership.
What steps he is taking to manage the radio teleswitch service switch-off.
The Government have stepped in to ensure a more controlled and carefully managed phase-out of the radio teleswitch service.
I have been engaging directly on this and meeting Energy UK and Ofgem fortnightly to discuss progress and the suppliers’ phase-out plan.
My focus and priority is absolutely clear: to ensure that there is no impact on consumers and that we minimise any consumer detriment.
I welcome the Government’s change in course, because the previous hard deadline would have left many people, including people in my constituency of Edinburgh West, vulnerable and, indeed, unaware that there was any need to change their meter, but there is still a big problem in Scotland, as 100,000 people are still waiting on meters, and may be unaware of this issue.
On engaging with the community, will the Minister please tell us what she is doing in Scotland to ensure that rural communities are approached about this, and vulnerable people get protection?
We have been working closely with the Scottish Government and engaging with Scottish MPs.
We know that about 97,000 meters needs to be replaced in Scotland.
All those households have been contacted multiple times.