Will he confirm what assessment his Department has made of that figure, and why that was kept hidden from the public?
The immediate priority must be to ensure the safety of all those individuals caught up in this breach, so what assurances can the Secretary of State provide that lifting the super-injunction does not heighten dangers for the individuals concerned?
What steps is he taking to ensure that the individuals whose data was leaked are aware of the incident?
What additional support is being provided to them directly now that the case is in the public domain?
In the light of these developments, can he outline when the casework and final relocations under this and the ARAP scheme will be completed?
I welcome the hon.
Lady’s response.
I provided the answers to two or three of her questions directly to the shadow Defence Secretary.
On the steps  we have taken to ensure the reduced risk of data losses and data breaches in future, one can never say never but I am more confident that I was 12 months ago.
I have also given a response on the £7 billion figure.
The estimated full costs of all Afghan schemes that will run to their completion, from start to finish, because of the savings that will derive from the policy decisions we have taken today, will be between £5.5 billion and £6 billion.
The cost of the ARR scheme to date—the cost and the sums committed to bring the 900 principals and their immediate families who are in Britain or in transit—is about £400 million.
On those still to come, I expect the cost to be a similar sum.
I think I said in my statement to the House that Rimmer recognises the uncertainties and the brutal nature of the Afghan Taliban regime.
There can never be no risk in such judgments and decisions, and that is one reason that I and the Government have taken this decision with hard deliberation and serious intent.
I hope the House will back it this afternoon.
I am grateful to the ministerial team for my early briefing, which gave me an opportunity to read a Foreign Affairs Committee report that came out—it was begun in September 2021—in 2022 under the chairmanship of  the right hon.
Member for Tonbridge (Tom Tugendhat) .
It is called “Missing in action: UK leadership and the withdrawal from Afghanistan” and it was excoriating:
“The manner of the withdrawal of international forces from Afghanistan was a disaster, a betrayal of our allies, and weakens the trust that helps to keep British people safe.”
It said:
“the Government should keep better records—securely held—on locally-employed staff”—
we have heard that this is one of the many data losses from ARAP—
“to ensure that any evacuation can be carried out more effectively.
It should devise a policy, based on clear and fair principles, about the assistance that will be offered to local partners in the event of a security deterioration, and report to us when it has done so.”
I hope that such a policy has been developed, that more lessons have been learnt and that Ministers will report to my Foreign Affairs Committee about where we are now.
I am sure Ministers will report to my right hon.
Friend’s Committee if she invites us to do so.
She is right to make the big argument that anyone providing data to the British Government has a right to expect that personal data to be stored securely, handled safely and not subject to the sort of loss or breach that we saw too often in the early days of the Afghan relocation schemes.
I call the Father of the House.
I commend the Secretary of State for his honesty and I agree with everything he says in his statement.
What an appalling mess, but part of the original sin was our intervening militarily and then scuttling out.