We are very clear that we are backing businesses, and we will do everything we can to support them in driving down bills.
Energy costs are an issue that the Prax oil refinery has brought to my attention over the years as a problem it has been facing.
I appreciate the calls I have had with the Minister for Energy about this.
I was able to visit the plant on Friday, and there was clearly growing concern, with hundreds of jobs at risk.
What assurance can the Minister offer my constituents who are affected by this situation?
The hon.
Member is right to raise this situation; we know that it is very difficult, and we have been engaging on it.
There have been long-standing issues with how the plant is run.
We are trying, across the piece, to support businesses to make the transition—and support them within the transition—so that we can protect jobs across the country.
I call the shadow Minister.
When the price cap fell last month, the Labour party boasted, “£129 off your bills, delivered by Labour”.
The Minister knows that energy bills fell as wholesale gas prices fell, and she knows that her policy is to take the country off gas and keep increasing policy costs on bills.
That is why she refuses to repeat the claim.
Will she take this opportunity to apologise for her party saying something that she knows is untrue?
Every time the hon.
Member stands up to speak, I hold my head in absolute frustration.
He is gambling with fossil fuels, and quite frankly the Conservatives should hang their heads in shame.
Energy bills rocketed under their watch and they did nothing about it—they were happy with that.
That is not a legacy that we are willing to contend with, which is why we are taking action in the short term to drive down bills through our sprint to clean power.
Their legacy is one they should be ashamed of, so they should not be lecturing us.
What assessment he has made of the role of new nuclear in supporting a clean energy transition.
What assessment he has made of the role of new nuclear in supporting a clean energy transition.
The clean power 2030 action plan makes it clear that nuclear will play an important role in our future energy system, providing low-carbon baseload power to the grid.
We are delivering the biggest new nuclear building programme in a generation, having committed almost £17 billion at the recent spending review.
I was grateful to the Secretary of State for showing his love for Hemel Hempstead when he came to launch a new scheme on solar panels the other month.
On the question of new nuclear and clean jobs, could the Minister outline how communities like mine in Hemel Hempstead will benefit from these new jobs?
Well, my right hon.
Friend the Energy Secretary says that we love Hemel Hempstead; I think we agree on that.
The nuclear sector is poised for significant growth.
That will help deliver on our energy needs in the future, and it is how we will deliver thousands of skilled jobs across the country.
The nuclear skills plan is a collaborative effort between Government, industry and academia, setting out the targeted work we need to address the skills gap and bring forward the thousands  of apprentices we will need to deliver this work in the future.
The regional skills hubs we have established will help to deliver training support locally to ensure that every community in the country benefits.
Rolls-Royce in Derby has recently been announced as the preferred bidder for the delivery of small modular reactors, which means that many of my Erewash constituents will become the beating heart of the workforce that delivers the reactors.
Can the Minister explain how Derbyshire’s finest SMRs will help to end our reliance on foreign oil and gas?
My hon.