What ambitions does the Department have for sectors and technologies that GB Energy will prioritise, since the chief operating officer has said that he wants to evolve it into a major energy company, and what might that mean for job creation, including in constituencies like mine?
GB Energy will prioritise a whole range of projects, and that is a matter for GB Energy, as a publicly owned energy company at arm’s length from Government, but there are huge opportunities right across our country, whether in floating wind, tidal, hydrogen or offshore wind and supply chains.
GB Energy is owned by the public and will benefit people right across Britain.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Across Europe, we have already seen 2,300 heatwave-related deaths—avoidable deaths—and the Met Office report says that things will just get worse.
The Lib Dems and I have a really cool idea.
Will the Secretary of State work with local authorities to open up public spaces with air conditioning, such as leisure centres and libraries, so that they can provide relief from extreme heat for the elderly and vulnerable?
There is no monopoly on good ideas, and the hon.
Lady raises the important issue of how we adapt as a country to the climate crisis.
We know we have a lot more to do, and we will listen to all good ideas.
In my  constituency I am proud that we have the first example in the country of a high-energy use craft that has transitioned fully to renewables, having worked with a  UK manufacturer to create a super-efficient electric furnace.
Will the Secretary of State come to Stourbridge and visit Allister Malcolm Glass at the Stourbridge Glass Museum with me, to highlight it as an example for others to follow, and protect high-energy use heritage crafts across the country?
My hon.
Friend raises a great example, and I will take a risk and say yes, I will come to Stourbridge.
I love Stourbridge, and I look forward to seeing that project.
The Government’s new Scope 3 guidance for offshore projects is hugely welcome.
We are already battling deadly heatwaves and overshooting climate limits, so it is critical that we stop extracting new oil and gas.
Given that there is no scenario in which Rosebank, or indeed any new oil and gas wells are compatible with limiting global temperature increases to 1.5°C, why are the Government trying to delay recognition of that climate reality by saying that applications will be considered on a case-by-case basis?
Will the Minister give us a conclusive science-backed answer now, and confirm that Rosebank will not be going ahead?
Of course the Government follow the regulations that we have put in place quickly, and applications must be considered on a case-by-case basis—that is the way anyone would expect them to be dealt with.
I will not say on the Floor of the House any more about those applications, as they are live decisions that will be made in due course by the Department.
What reassurance can the Minister offer the nearly 1,000 workers at Prax that the Government are 100% focused on finding a new owner for the Lindsey oil refinery?
I will repeat what I have said before: we are obviously hugely disappointed by the way that the owners have dealt with the company.
I repeat the ask that I have made in the House a number of times, and in writing to the chief executive, that he should put his hands in his pockets and do the right thing by the workforce.
We are doing everything we can as part of the insolvency process safely to manage the refinery, and to look at whether there are buyers interested in taking it on.
The latest central estimate from the Office for Budget Responsibility puts the cost of achieving net zero by 2050 at £803 billion, with half that cost attributed to lost fuel duties.