Will the Minister commit to targeted support for renewable energy innovators like Sunswap, whose technology can strengthen both sustainability and national resilience?
The hon.
Lady is right that we have an enormous amount of innovation in this space and real potential to meet our future needs, not just as a result of the pathway that we have outlined, but through innovative solutions like the one she mentioned, which provide specific support to targeted industries.
I am happy to look further into her proposals, and at the funding available for innovation.
If she wants to write to me with any details, I will happily follow up.
A business in the village of Fradley in my constituency has a plan to put millions of watts of solar on the roof of its businesses.
Unfortunately, it cannot proceed with that application, because there is not sufficient export capacity on the site.
It would never export a watt of that electricity, which would meet only a fraction of its energy needs.
Will the Minister meet me, so that we can discuss how we can make regulatory changes to support projects like this one?
My hon.
Friend makes a point that others have raised.
We are looking in granular detail at how the system works to ensure that the regulatory landscape allows such opportunities to be taken.
I am very happy to meet him to discuss this further.
We are taking a detailed look at every single aspect of the system, so that communities, businesses and others can benefit from being able to export power to the grid.
That will help the country with its energy needs and deliver a benefit for local communities.
What steps he is taking to help reduce household energy bills.
What steps he is taking to help support low income families in the context of trends in the level of energy prices.
What steps he is taking to help reduce household energy bills.
We believe that the best way to protect households permanently is through our mission to deliver clean power by 2030.
Combined with our warm homes plan to upgrade millions of homes across the country so that they are warmer and cheaper to run, that will drive down energy bills and make cold homes a thing of the past.
We know that we need to support people while we make that transition, which is why we are extending the warm home discount.
Almost 10% of people in my North East Hampshire constituency live in fuel poverty.
I agree with the Minister that investing in renewable energy would help to tackle that, so how is she working with the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government to empower local authorities to develop renewable energy generation locally—by following Europe’s lead in putting solar over car parks, for example—in order to make energy cheaper and more sustainable?
The hon.
Member is right: there is a big push to work with local and regional authorities to ensure not only that we generate renewables that can impact on bills, but that we upgrade homes.
Through local energy action plans, local authorities are, for the first time, working with the National Energy System Operator and other systems operators to drive that.
Local and regional authorities have a crucial role to play in upgrading millions of homes across the country.
My Heywood and Middleton North constituents live in a state of profound uncertainty as to how the unpredictability of global energy markets will affect their families.
Does the Minister agree that if we want to protect those families from volatility, we must end our reliance on global fossil fuel markets, and introduce targeted interventions to bring bills down, particularly for those on the lowest incomes?
My hon.
Friend is right.
It beggars belief that the Conservative party is so stuck in its ideological opposition to moving towards clean power.