My constituency is well known for many things.
We have been world leaders in ironworks, with the founders of Barrow exporting railways to the world.
They understood that, for a secure economy, we needed more than one industry and created the jute manufacturing business that became a world leader in its own right.
The ironworks eventually became a shipyard where we now build our nuclear deterrent, the most complex piece of engineering on the planet, and we are the only place in the UK that is capable of doing that.
We protect our nation—a source of great pride to us locally—with the industry  that is the backbone of the economy in Barrow and Furness, and many other towns across the UK, in a supply chain of tens of thousands of jobs.
Our coastline is home to many areas of natural beauty and protected habitats—from Ravenglass, where people can explore on a mini steam train, visit Muncaster Castle with its rich history and birds of prey, or enjoy the truly unspoiled area that is the western Lake district; all the way down to Walney Island nature reserve, with its adorable grey seals and stunning views, not least of which is its view of the island of Piel, which hosts its own king no less.
Tradition holds that the landlord of the sole pub, while sitting in an ancient chair, carrying a sword and wearing a helmet, is crowned by the pouring of alcohol over their head.
Shout out to John Murphy, our local historian and former Mayor of Burrow, for his fantastic walking tours to Piel.
Morecambe bay and the Duddon estuaries are our playgrounds, and my hometown of Ulverston, which earlier this year was reported to be one of the most vibrant towns in the UK, is known as the festival town, and has well and truly earned its title.
There are festivals for everything from walking, Walkfest, to printing, Printfest; comedy and music, with a tenuous link to Laurel and Hardy’s “Another Fine Mess”, Finefest; and my favourite, the one I help to organise each year, Dickensian.
The hashtag for that one made headline news in Japan, and I will leave Members to work it out for themselves. [
Laughter.]
I have been incredibly lucky that I was able to take time out when my children were little and build a business on the high street with my sister.
Those 20 years, through recessions, online shopping, out-of-town retail and covid, were a steep learning curve, but one that I would not change for the world.
Our high streets are one of my passions.
They are the very heart of our communities and Britain’s biggest employer—worthy of nurturing, protecting and revitalising.
I very much welcome our plans and the opportunity to support them in this Government.
We have many famous sons and daughters from Barrow and Furness.
Stan Laurel, comedy giant and half of the duo Laurel and Hardy, was born in Ulverston.
My apologies to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bishop Auckland (Sam Rushworth) ; his town has been trying to claim Stan Laurel for years, but he was definitely an Ulverston lad.
Dalton, the ancient capital of Furness, was birthplace and early home of famous painter George Romney, and Tommy Johnson, the third-highest goal scorer for Man City, who made five appearances for England and scored in every single match.
That might be a bit too far back for most to remember, because he was born in 1901, but other Barrow-born football heroes are Emlyn Hughes, whose statue now graces Abbey Road in Barrow, and Georgia Stanway, who I believe is now overdue her own statue for her achievements in the England squad.
While we are on football, I have to say good luck to the Barrow Bluebirds in their upcoming match against Chelsea—you have great football genes on your side, so let’s have it!