Thousands of people are employed at Brackmills, which plays host to over 330 brilliant businesses, spanning food production, logistics and fulfilment, manufacturing, healthcare, and research and development.
I look forward to working with the BID team to ensure that it continues to be a major employment hub in Northampton South for years to come.
Anyone who has visited my constituency or grew up there will know that we are the home of the national lift tower, which stands at over 400 feet high—taller than the Statue of Liberty.
The formation of the newly shaped Northampton South constituency means that I have had the opportunity to take over from two former Members of Parliament who had had very different experiences and careers in this House, and I would like to pay tribute to them both.
Andrew Lewer, the previous MP for the former Northampton South constituency, was focused on parliamentary business and tackled the challenges that he saw as the most important to the UK.
He championed the Motor Neurone Disease Association, which is headquartered in Northampton, as well as independent schools and house building.
Locally, he will continue to be recognised through the annual Spencer Percival debate that he helped to set up in the town.
He is also the only person to have held the positions of leader of a council, Member of the European Parliament and Member of this House—a testament to his public service.
I also take over in part from Dame Andrea Leadsom, the former Member of Parliament for South Northamptonshire.
Many of the southern villages that have now joined Northampton South were in her constituency.
Dame Andrea served as a Secretary of State under the previous Government, and had a formidable record of championing parents and children, including by establishing the Northamptonshire Parent Infant Partnership in my county.
Many of the people who have written to me since my election have praised her advocacy for them as their constituency MP.
It is clear that she made a massive difference not only in this House but in our county.
Northampton may hold the accolade of being the largest town in the UK—I will take that up with hon.
Members for Reading after the debate—but our town has had a continual lack of investment, and a lack of vision and drive to make it better.
Unfortunately, we have had no shortage of Conservative scandals: public loans to our football club went missing, our county council was made bankrupt, the former police, fire and crime commissioner stood down over misogyny complaints, and alleged domestic abuse meant that that the leader of the council resigned and now stands as an independent.
Trust in politicians in Northampton is at an all-time low, but there is hope for Northampton, and it comes with a Labour Government.
This Labour Government will make Northampton a place to be proud of.
We will tackle our chronic air quality challenges; fix our roads; improve our bus network; ensure that housing is affordable, of good quality and highly sustainable; make work pay and a route out of poverty; grow the co-operative, social enterprise and mutual sector in our town; bring NHS dentists back to Northampton; end the 8 am scramble for GP appointments; face head-on the funding gap left in our public services; and address the special educational needs and disabilities crisis that is rocking our county.
It is clear that there is a lot of work to do, but as I said in my acceptance speech at the count, the hard work starts here, and I really mean it.
I cannot wait to get started.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for the opportunity to give my maiden speech in this important debate.