Members’ attention at this time.
I have been asked to keep the following story anonymous by the family in question, but I believe it illustrates powerfully how the communities outside our urban centres are too often treated.
During the general election, as I reached the last road canvassing in a particularly idyllic village in my constituency, I came to knock on the final door in a quiet row of terraces.
After initially waiting without answer, I was about to leave when I was called over by a voice from the passenger seat of a nearby car.
The gentleman sat there was not old and was keen to speak, but was clearly very ill.
Between painful coughing and laboured breathing, he explained to me how in the construction of new housing in the meadow beyond his street, agricultural sheds containing asbestos were demolished with almost incomprehensible recklessness in a single afternoon by workers who were themselves equipped with virtually none of the necessary protective equipment.
Rather than the asbestos being carefully removed, it was smashed up on site, creating large clouds of hazardous dust right next to the existing homes.
The gentleman I was speaking to had, tragically, subsequently contracted asbestosis, which had ruined his health and left him barely able to travel from his front door to his car.
Despite the concerns he raised at the time, no one was ever held to account for these actions, and he urged me passionately to raise the dangers associated with the rushed and unsafe demolition of agricultural buildings containing asbestos at the earliest opportunity if I was elected as his MP.
I am sorry to inform the House that when I returned a few weeks later to speak to him about honouring his request and including this story in my maiden speech, I was told by his widow that he had recently passed away.
The chance for any meaningful justice for this family has now gone with him.
Meanwhile, developers have no doubt pocketed a return on investment that much fatter for having fatally cut corners at the expense of local residents.
Whether it is profit-led developments, the cancellation of bus routes, or the closure of banks and village schools, the fundamental experience of towns and villages like those in North East Hertfordshire has too often been one of being done to and expected to endure, rather than one of being looked after, worked with and empowered to contribute.
It is this, above all, that I hope to chip away at in my contributions in this place.
I thank the House for listening patiently to my first attempt, and my constituents for giving me the opportunity to do so.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for giving me the opportunity to make my maiden speech during the debate on this important Bill.
I welcome efforts to provide renewable energy, bring down heating bills and support the growth of our green manufacturing industry.
I hope the Bill will make clear provisions for GB Energy to engage with local communities such as mine in Eastleigh.
I would also like to congratulate  the hon.
Member for North East Hertfordshire (Chris Hinchliff)  on his excellent speech.
I am incredibly humbled and honoured to be the Liberal Democrat Member of Parliament for Eastleigh, and grateful to all those who put their trust in me to represent them.
I am also grateful to everyone who encouraged me on my journey to Westminster, but particularly Baroness Floella Benjamin, the former MP for Eastleigh Mike Thornton and the family of David Chidgey.
Lord Chidgey was committed to fighting to  keep our precious chalk stream, the River Itchen, free from sewage and pollution.
As my constituents know, I am continuing his legacy.
I also thank my predecessor and his team for their prompt response to hand over casework.
My constituency is a vibrant community of towns and villages.