Heading over the horseshoe pass, the final large town of the constituency is Llangollen.
As the host of the annual Llangollen International Musical Eisteddfod, Llan is proud to be the place where “Wales welcomes the world”.
I did have tickets to the Eisteddfod this year—a night of west end musical numbers on  4 July —but clearly  the right hon.
Member for Richmond and Northallerton (Rishi Sunak)  had other ideas.
With Llangollen in my constituency, I must hold the title for the constituency with the best and most varied days out.
Where else could you expect to ride on a heritage steam train in the morning and head just 10 minutes down the road to kayak across an aqueduct with UNESCO world heritage status in the afternoon?
Llangollen railway and the Froncysyllte aqueduct are only part of what Clwyd East has to offer.
If you are feeling a bit dizzy at this point, Madam Deputy Speaker, that is because you have just travelled about 40 miles in—hopefully—around eight minutes.
Whether it is supporting local businesses to thrive, improving public transport, keeping our communities safe, improving people’s rights at work or helping young people to fulfil their potential, I will do all I can for the people of Clwyd East, and I will work tirelessly to repay the trust that they have placed in me.
I have had the opportunity to hear some amazing maiden speeches in this House.
Following such fantastic speeches, I must admit that I feel a bit nervous standing here, but I am also deeply honoured to be in the House.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Clwyd East (Becky Gittins)  for her fantastic maiden speech and for graciously meeting my family when they visited last year; they are her constituents.
It is clear to me that the talent, enthusiasm and fresh thinking that the new cohort of MPs are bringing into this House will help to restore our country’s fortunes and deliver the change that the country voted for.
I am delighted to make my first speech in the debate on GB Energy.
For many years, it has not sat right with me that our neighbours and trading partners around the world have benefited from the investment of UK plc in clean energy.
Whether it is wind farms built in Scandinavia, or investment in nuclear by our French  Government partners, the UK public has been sold short on clean energy investment.
It is right that the Labour Government are taking forward plans for sovereign, safe and secure energy in the UK—that is very welcome in my constituency.
I will use this speech to introduce myself and my constituency to the House, recognise the careers of my predecessors, and to set out my vision for the future of Northampton.
Despite coming from a family of teachers and educators, and despite the best efforts of my dad, who joins me today from the Public Gallery, and my mum, who is watching from home, school and exams definitely did not come naturally to me.
After a difficult results day, I managed to get to university via a foundation degree, and I found my passion in civil engineering.
I have been fortunate since then to have progressed through the industry—from engineering to commercial and project management—and then into senior leadership roles.
I am really proud to have been recognised as a global leader in my field by my peers in the profession, despite a less-than-ideal start in life—one of my own making—and to have had my career shaped by amazing experiences, projects and people around the world.
I thank in particular my friend and mentor, Jon Williams, who has helped me the whole way through my journey, and my very good friend and former podcast co-host, Jeremy Brim, for all their guidance.