The port still has a very busy harbour and docks, which have businesses servicing both military and commercial ships, as well as hosting cruise and leisure vessels.
But there is potential for so much more, and the port of Falmouth is poised to take advantages of a new generation of offshore wind production in the Celtic sea.
With the support of the new energy company GB Energy, the £1.8 billion ports fund and investment in the skills training we so desperately need, our young people will be able to grasp with both hands the well-paid jobs of the future, while securing our own home-grown energy and facing down the challenge of climate change—a challenge that is so important to a place like Cornwall, which stares the impacts of the changing climate in the face every day.
We were the first large rural authority to declare a climate emergency and the 2030 net zero target.
Now, we will play our part in getting the country to meet a similarly ambitious target.
Falmouth’s time truly has come again as part of the Government’s mission to become a clean energy superpower.
Truro and Falmouth is the most magical place to live.
It well and truly hooked me and my small family, and has become part of me.
My journey, despite its ups and downs, has been a charmed and happy one.
Truro and Falmouth has given so much to me, and it is overflowing with promise and brilliant, independent-minded enterprising dreamers.
I am determined to serve my home as well as it has served me.
A bright future lies ahead for it.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for the opportunity to make my maiden speech during a debate that is so relevant to my own wonderful constituency of Camborne, Redruth and Hayle, in the heart of Cornwall.
I come to this place—and I am disappointed that the hon.
Member  for Harwich and North Essex (Sir Bernard Jenkin) is not present to hear me say this—with 30 years of business experience in the automotive sector and, latterly, in the renewable electricity sector.
I thank all those who have given their maiden speeches today; they were all truly heartfelt, wonderful speeches.
My own inspiration for being here comes from my three children, my daughter and my two sons, who join us in the Public Gallery today.
I want first to pay tribute to my predecessor George Eustice for his work on animal welfare as Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, as well as his support for local projects in Cornwall such as Kresen Kernow, the Cornish archive, and—despite our profound differences on our relationship with the EU—the honourable way in which he was prepared to criticise trade arrangements made by the Conservative party.
It is an unparalleled privilege to represent one’s home constituency, and the ties that bind Cornish men and women to our homeland are woven into every sinew of our being.
The constituency of Camborne, Redruth and Hayle is a truly remarkable place: the place where I was born and grew up and where I live.
To understand Camborne, Redruth and Hayle, I respectfully ask you, Madam Deputy Speaker, to transport yourself in your mind to the summit of a single rocky hill, smack bang in the middle of the constituency.
This rocky hill is called Carn Brea, which is, in fact, Cornish for “rocky hill”.
At the summit of Carn Brea sits the Basset monument, looking down from 750 feet across the constituency.
The monument was funded by public subscription in 1836 after Basset himself petitioned the other place against slavery in 1828.
To the north of Carn Brea, just 4 miles away, the Celtic sea sparkles in the sunlight and laps the beautiful beaches of Gwithian, Portreath, Porthtowan, St Agnes and Perranporth—the Celtic sea, which offers the prospect of vast quantities of electricity generated from offshore wind, an opportunity that I dearly hope this Government will grasp.