Hailing from the small village of Bagillt, I am immensely proud to have such a wealth of impressive, small and mighty villages in my constituency.
Farming is central to the economy and culture of Clwyd East, with 68% of the constituency serving as agricultural land.
In May, I headed to Clawdd Offa farm, near Northop, to meet National Farmers Union county chairman David Williams and his family on their dairy farm.
After a brief chat, we headed out into an enclosed field full of cows.
In one of the more surreal moments of being a parliamentary candidate, I looked out in front of me and could not help but observe aloud, “Why would anyone want to spend their days in an enclosed space with hordes of rowdy, lowing mammals?”,
to which David replied, “I quite agree Becky—you must be mad!”
Moving south, Clwyd East’s smallest town is Caerwys, which played host to the very first Eisteddfod, and is also the home of Dr Tim Erasmus, chair of the Caerwys Historical Society and my very much admired former politics teacher.
Next is the historic market town of Mold, a town very close to my heart as it is where I spent many summers performing with my dance school at Theatr Clwyd and where I went to sixth form at the Alun school.
The Alun school worked to give its students the best opportunities to succeed—something that I am firmly committed to.
Maximising opportunities for young people is a passion that I know I share with one former predecessor from the Delyn constituency, David Hanson—after all, I first came to Parliament on work experience with David 13 years ago.
So committed is David to providing opportunities for young people that he is continuing to monitor and support my development by joining the other place as Lord Hanson.
I am so proud and excited to work alongside a political hero of mine under a new Labour Government, whose resolve to do the very same thing 32 years ago paved the way for me and a generation of young people to access opportunities and succeed.
Between 2019 and 2024, Delyn was served by Rob Roberts.
I am heartened by Rob’s local roots and close ties with the community that brought him up, as well as his keenness to work with community councils and his proud use of the Welsh language, having gone to the Welsh-medium school Maes Garmon.
Fel mae nhw dweud, “Cenedl heb iaith, cenedl heb galon.”
As well as having educated two MPs, Mold is also the home of Daniel Owen square; Bailey Hill, or Mold castle; and a thriving number of independent shops and businesses.
With a summer recess of sampling cakes at local fêtes having taken its toll on my waistline, I am grateful to the brilliant independent clothes shops that have saved the day, including Simmi, where I found the perfect outfit to make my maiden speech in. [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”]
Thank you; that is very kind!
As is the case throughout the constituency, people in Mold take great pride in their town and contribute to the rolling series of events and festivals throughout the year.
I am also privileged to represent the beautiful town of Ruthin, with its rich history and enduring architecture.
As well as Ruthin castle and its resident peacocks, the local community has worked to make sure that Ruthin’s old courthouse, jail and market hall are restored and open to the public.
Ruthin also hosts the incredibly popular Ruthin festival, a fantastic annual event run by local volunteers and proudly conducted yn Gymraeg.
Heading over the horseshoe pass, the final large town of the constituency is Llangollen.
As the host of the annual Llangollen International Musical Eisteddfod, Llan is proud to be the place where “Wales welcomes the world”.
I did have tickets to the Eisteddfod this year—a night of west end musical numbers on  4 July —but clearly  the right hon.