As my constituents know, I am continuing his legacy.
I also thank my predecessor and his team for their prompt response to hand over casework.
My constituency is a vibrant community of towns and villages.
The town of Eastleigh grew up around the railway line between Southampton and Winchester, and was named by local author Charlotte Yonge.
Eastleigh became a local point of aerial efforts during the first and second world wars, with Spitfires taking off from the airfield, which is now Southampton airport.
We have beautiful green spaces including Stoke Park wood in Bishopstoke, Flexford nature reserve in Valley Park, and Hiltingbury lakes in Chandler’s Ford.
West End is home to the Utilita Bowl cricket ground, where the late great Shane Warne captained Hampshire, a proud part of our sporting tradition.
We are also incredibly proud of our Spitfires, Eastleigh football club, who play in the national league.
We have all been inspired by our extraordinary athletes competing at the Olympics and Paralympics this summer.
I hope the House will join me in congratulating Eastleigh-born three-time Paralympic champion David Smith on his recent bronze medal win in Paris, and on his tireless championing of boccia.
Eastleigh’s Olympic heritage stretches back to 1932, when local hero Tommy Green, who was unable to walk until the age of five due to rickets, went on to win a gold medal in the men’s 50 km walk.
My constituency is also home to the fantastic Point theatre, with its brilliant programme of cultural events all year round, including the always popular Unwrapped festival, and we are lucky to have many fine pubs and craft breweries, including Steam Town in Eastleigh town, and Steel Tank Alehouse in Chandler’s Ford.
I also recommend the luscious Victoria sponge at Fountain café in Fair Oak.
Eastleigh has a proud history of helping to support refugees and evacuees.
In May 1937, children and adults fleeing the Spanish civil war were housed at a refugee camp in North Stoneham.
Eight-five years ago this week, Eastleigh communities welcomed evacuees from Gosport, and in 1940, refugees from Southampton.
More recently, our local council was one of the first authorities in England to house refugees fleeing the Taliban during the 2021 Afghanistan evacuation, and people across the constituency threw open their doors to families fleeing the war in Ukraine.
Earlier this summer, Eastleigh hosted the always popular annual Mela, organised by our Asian Welfare and Cultural Association, and in a few weeks, it will be Eastleigh Pride.
We have a warm, inclusive community in Eastleigh, which is very important to me, as is fighting to ensure that everyone in our community can access the NHS services they need, including GP and dentist appointments, and mental health care when they need it.
My mum died in March after a seven-year struggle with Alzheimer’s, and as anyone who has experience of caring for a loved one with dementia will know, with that awful disease you lose the person twice.
Mum was the daughter of Irish migrants, a member of the women’s liberation movement who took me on my first march when I was a toddler, and a member of the Labour party who knew MPs Joan Lestor and Tom Cox well.
She would go on to become a senior social worker.
My dad was from Hampshire and a former officer in the British Army who served his country for 16 years.
Although my mum and dad were diametrically opposed politically, they shared a strong sense of compassion, and they raised my sister and me with those same values.
Unfortunately, my parents were never in a position to own their own home, so I grew up in rented accommodation with all the insecurity and uncertainty that goes with it.
When my dad died suddenly before my 21st birthday, my mum found herself in the position that far too many people are facing today, with spiralling rents and the prospect of eviction looming over them.