She is another trail-blazer, as the first Bangladeshi-origin woman elected to Parliament.
She has inspired a generation with the promise of what is possible.
Although Stratford and Bow is a new parliamentary constituency, its history is old and rich.
The Woman’s Hall at Old Ford Road in Bow was home to Sylvia Pankhurst and Norah Smyth and the headquarters of the East London Federation of Suffragettes from 1914 until 1924.
It was the beating heart of the east end suffrage movement, and the home of the matchgirls’ strike and the largest union of women and girls in the country.
Every corner is filled with the history of the struggle for women’s rights and for our voices to be heard; a history that I will work every day to honour.
As a proud grand- daughter of a trade unionist and a member of the GMB union, I go forward in their memory and will continue to fight for working people.
Parts of my constituency have been represented by illustrious political figures including Charles Key, Keir Hardie, Lansbury and Clement Attlee, who led the Labour Government that created our beloved NHS—so no pressure on this new Member.
Our stunning Victoria park with its breathtaking canals opened to the public in 1845 and became the people’s park: a centre for political meetings and rallies with speakers such as William Morris and Annie Besant.
It is not just political history that we are blessed with in Stratford and Bow.
I am sure that many hon.
Members in the Chamber love nothing more than going home after a long day sitting in the Chamber and putting on their favourite grime playlist.
They can thank Bow for playing an integral part in the origins of grime music, with Roman Road and its once-beloved record shop producing artists and crews such as Roll Deep and Skepta to name just two.
Over in Newham, we have our top boy Kano.
I can see that I have completely baffled some hon.
Members—[Laughter.]
For those whose tastes are a bit more retro, we are also home to ABBA Voyage.
My constituency is a place where people can come and spend their money, money, money in some of our brilliant local and international businesses.
Of course—it cannot be missed—sitting at the heart of my constituency is the London stadium: a place of joy and wonder from the 2012 Olympics and some of our most wonderful sporting achievements.
As this generation of Team GB Paralympians competes in Paris, I send my wishes to them.
The ability to bring people together that sport possesses is like nothing else, so it is a privilege and honour to be the Member of Parliament for the greatest club in world football—sorry, Keir—West Ham.
As a Hammer since  5 July —[Laughter]—I am proud to be forever blowing bubbles.
I know that there are several Hammers fans on the Government Benches and throughout the parliamentary estate—probably more of us than Members on the Opposition Benches.
Stratford and Bow is a wonderful, vibrant and diverse constituency, and our current heritage lives up to that history.
Forest Gate is the home of independent cafes and shops and Forest Gayte Pride, overlooking the nature and beauty of Wanstead Flats.
There are the bustling shops of Green Street serving communities throughout east London, alongside mosques, temples, synagogues, gurdwaras and churches.
It is a place that is truly representative of the rich tapestry of cultures and people that make up our great capital city, London.
People from all over the world have come to Stratford and Bow to make the UK their home.
My constituency is a prime example of Britain at its best, with pearly kings and queens, and white, European, Indian, Bengali, Pakistani, Chinese, African, Asian, middle eastern, Caribbean communities and more living side by side and working together to make a better society for everyone.
Wherever someone is from, they are welcome in Stratford and Bow.