There is much to do.
Our local hospital, Stepping Hill, is in dire need of investment.
For too long, staff and patients have had to make do with a hospital that is literally falling apart.
The out-patients building was condemned and is now demolished, and in March the intensive care unit, which looks after some of the most critical patients, was temporarily closed because the ceiling was coming in.
Nurses have even told me about bucket squads—for the uninitiated, this is a term they have coined for an extra duty they now have on shift, where they each have a bucket to place down when it rains to catch the water coming through the roof.
This is a disgrace.
No hospital, let alone one as busy as Stepping Hill, should operate in those conditions.
That is why my first act as the Member of Parliament for Cheadle was to write to the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, asking for the funds that Stepping Hill desperately needs for repairs.
I am pleased that the Government have since said that funding will be made available, but until we get the detail and the money, I will keep fighting to ensure that Stepping Hill, its staff and its patients get the funding they deserve.
I will also keep fighting to get my residents the support they need during the cost of living crisis.
This is an issue of huge importance to me.
When I was 13, my mum, brother and I were threatened with homelessness because mum, who worked several jobs to make ends meet, could not afford the private rents.
We faced  relying on friends who could offer couches or spare rooms to help us.
The idea was sold as a fun holiday to me and my brother, but I can remember how anxious and worried my mum looked and how conversations between adults would suddenly stop as I walked into the room.
Life felt unsettled, and I could tell that my mum was scared and needed help.
It was a Lib Dem councillor called David Bruce who that helped us, by fighting and getting us a council house.
Because of him, we had a home, giving us the security and stability to get on in life.
Home was no longer an anxious place.
Mum was happier, and my brother and I could focus on our schoolwork.
That experience inspired me to get into politics, because I saw at first hand the positive impact that it can have on people’s day to day lives.
Without that councillor, I can honestly say I would not be standing here today.
But that was not the end of our story.
We still struggled.
Faced with rising bills, mum would sometimes have to decide whether to put money into the electric meter or food into the cupboards.
If I think about it, I can still hear the clunk of the pay meter going off and plunging the house into darkness.
Mum would often joke that that was the cue for us to go to bed.
Sadly, I know from speaking to my constituents that this story is still being lived out all too frequently.
The choices that many families have to make are horribly familiar.
The choice to heat their home or feed their children should never be forced on anyone, yet thousands of families across Stockport face that choice every day.
I was proud that the Liberal Democrats on Stockport council led the way by establishing a warm spaces programme, supporting community organisations with the funds to help shelter vulnerable residents who could not afford to heat their homes during the winter months.
Many authorities are now doing that across the country, but as wonderful as that is, we cannot sit back and accept this situation.
Great British Energy is a step in the right direction.