I have been fortunate since then to have progressed through the industry—from engineering to commercial and project management—and then into senior leadership roles.
I am really proud to have been recognised as a global leader in my field by my peers in the profession, despite a less-than-ideal start in life—one of my own making—and to have had my career shaped by amazing experiences, projects and people around the world.
I thank in particular my friend and mentor, Jon Williams, who has helped me the whole way through my journey, and my very good friend and former podcast co-host, Jeremy Brim, for all their guidance.
I also thank my former bosses, Jason Millett and Davendra Dabasia, and my amazing former work-winning team, for giving me the space and support that I needed to pursue my political passions alongside a demanding day job.
I come to this place as an advocate for the built environment.
To be honest, I could not be in a better place now, with a Government focused on growth and on transforming and future-proofing our energy, housing and transportation infrastructure.
Many of my friends and industry colleagues asked why on earth I would want to stand for Parliament, but my journey into the world of politics has been shaped by my time in industry.
I first saw the impact of austerity on my public sector clients, with school programmes cancelled, infrastructure investment stalled and hospitals left crying out for funding.
That drove me to join the Labour party and find my political voice, determined to ensure that our public sector gets from Government the support and funding that it desperately needs.
When the opportunity came to stand and make a difference, I chose to stand where I live: Northampton.
I met my wife Katie, who also joins us from the Public Gallery, just down the road in Wellingborough, and Northamptonshire has been my home for nearly 20 years now.
I still have a place in my heart for my home town of Romsey, which is well represented by you, Madam Deputy Speaker. [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”]
But I am proud to call myself a Northamptonian and to represent the town that I live in and love.
Northampton South is a vibrant constituency.
From Duston and Upton in the west, the Hunsburys and Shelfleys, Wootton, Collingtree, Hardingstone and Great Houghton in the south, and areas such as Weston Favell, Billing and Rectory Farm in the eastern district, each area of my beautiful constituency has its own individual identity.
In the centre of my constituency remains the legacy of the shoe-and-boot trade that was once the main employer in my town.
The Church’s shoe factory remains in St James, and the surrounding terraces  in Far Cotton and Delapre are still standing strong nearly 200 years after they were built.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Northampton North (Lucy Rigby)  noted yesterday, Church’s holds the honour of being the chosen cordwainer of a renowned former Member for Sedgefield.
Great institutions such as our university, our general hospital, our football club and our Premiership-winning rugby club sit in Northampton South. [
Interruption.]
I was expecting a “Shoe army!”
then, but that’s fine.
My constituency includes Brackmills, one of the most successful business improvement districts in the UK.
Thousands of people are employed at Brackmills, which plays host to over 330 brilliant businesses, spanning food production, logistics and fulfilment, manufacturing, healthcare, and research and development.
I look forward to working with the BID team to ensure that it continues to be a major employment hub in Northampton South for years to come.
Anyone who has visited my constituency or grew up there will know that we are the home of the national lift tower, which stands at over 400 feet high—taller than the Statue of Liberty.