Thank you very much, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Stratford and Bow (Uma Kumaran)  on that incredible maiden speech.
Her pride in her community really shone through and was incredibly infectious.
I am truly honoured to be given the opportunity to deliver my maiden speech in this House.
I begin by paying tribute to my predecessor, Mary Robinson.
Despite our political differences, I had a good working relationship with her and was fortunate to work with her as part of the Cheadle towns fund board, where we helped to deliver much-needed investment into the constituency, including developing plans for Cheadle train station.
I know that Mary took great interest in local business, and her work on the board was testament to that.
I wish both her and her husband Stephen all the best in their next chapter.
I will also take this moment to pay tribute to my Liberal Democrat predecessors for Cheadle.
The incredible Patsy Calton is very much missed and was held in a great deal of respect across both sides of the House.
Mark Hunter served Cheadle for 10 years as its MP and served in government as an assistant Whip.
I have huge shoes to fill following both Mark and Patsy, who are legends in the constituency.
I hope that I can build on their legacy.
I will also take a quick moment to thank my incredible team for leading such a brilliant and hard-fought election campaign, and my family for their support.
Most of all, I thank my incredible partner Louise for all her love and backing over the years.
It is here, however, where I must  confess to breaking my first election pledge.
Not long before the general election was called, Lou and I found out that we were to be expecting our first child.
While we were, of course, over the moon, that news came off the back of a very hard local election campaign and amid Lou experiencing extreme morning sickness.
So, being the supportive partner that I am, I assured Lou that this would be a first trimester of absolute peace, tranquillity and calm as there was absolutely no way that the Prime Minister would call a general election in the summer.
We all know how that turned out.
I put on record my apologies to Lou for breaking that promise.
I will endeavour to ensure that is the first and last time I break my word to a constituent.
Cheadle is truly a brilliant place.
We have wonderful green spaces, brilliant schools and some fantastic high streets, but what makes the constituency so special is the people.
The area is built on the foundations of so many community groups and organisations, all campaigning and working to make our community a better place for everyone.
There are allotment groups such as Billy’s Lane who invite local schools to learn about growing food and healthy eating.
There is Cheadle Civic Society, led by the inspirational Phillip Gould-Bourn, who protects Cheadle’s heritage and historic character.
There are many faith groups including Cheadle Masjid, Grove Lane Baptists and Yeshurun Hebrew Congregation who provide support for our most vulnerable residents, and there are hundreds of community organisations and friends’ groups such as the Friends of Carr Wood who are the guardians of some of our most precious green spaces and rightly challenge those who would do them harm.
Those are the people who make Cheadle so special, and I thank them for putting their faith in me as Cheadle’s Member of Parliament.
I have always said that I would be their voice in Westminster, not Westminster’s voice in Cheadle.
That will always be my goal.
There is much to do.
Our local hospital, Stepping Hill, is in dire need of investment.
For too long, staff and patients have had to make do with a hospital that is literally falling apart.