Although my mum and dad were diametrically opposed politically, they shared a strong sense of compassion, and they raised my sister and me with those same values.
Unfortunately, my parents were never in a position to own their own home, so I grew up in rented accommodation with all the insecurity and uncertainty that goes with it.
When my dad died suddenly before my 21st birthday, my mum found herself in the position that far too many people are facing today, with spiralling rents and the prospect of eviction looming over them.
Since becoming the MP for Eastleigh, I have received letters from residents facing eviction through no fault of their own on an almost daily basis.
I am proud that my party has been pushing for higher standards for renters so that everyone has a safe and secure home.
As a comprehensive-educated single mum who skipped meals to feed my son and keep a roof over his head during the so-called great recession, I know all too well how easy it can be to fall through the gaps.
After 14 years of the previous Government, far too many families in Eastleigh simply do not have any kind of safety net and are living hand to mouth.
It is incredibly important that we do everything we can to support those who continue to struggle with the cost of living and to lift children out of poverty, including by scrapping the two-child benefit cap, as well ensuring that all children have access to the education they deserve, including those with special educational needs.
I am passionate about ensuring that all children and young people in Eastleigh and across the UK are given the support, resources and opportunities to thrive and fulfil their full potential.
I will conclude by acknowledging the vital role that our local charities play in supporting families in Eastleigh, including Citizen’s Advice Eastleigh, Pavilions in the Park, Youth Options, and many more.
I promise I will do everything I can to support everyone in our community during my time in Westminster, and to be the strong voice in Parliament that the people of Eastleigh deserve.
I am grateful for the opportunity to make my maiden speech with my parents and husband in the Gallery today.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Eastleigh (Liz Jarvis) , who gave an impassioned speech showing how deeply she cares for her community, its heritage and in particular the history of caring for refugees.
She spoke so lovingly of her late parents.
It is the honour of my life to be elected as the first ever MP for Stratford and Bow.
I was born in east London, and I have lived in Stratford and in Bow.
I studied at one of our brilliant local universities, Queen Mary.
To go from local student to local MP in 20 years has been quite the homecoming.
Not getting our declaration result until nearly 6 am really did bring back memories of stumbling home from uni.
I pay tribute to the force of nature Lyn Brown, who served her home West Ham as the Member of Parliament for 19 years, and for a total of 36 years of selfless service to communities in Newham.
A true east London girl, her guidance and support have been invaluable.
I have no doubt that her contribution to the east end and public life will continue.
I also inherit Bow from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bethnal Green and Stepney (Rushanara Ali) .
She is another trail-blazer, as the first Bangladeshi-origin woman elected to Parliament.
She has inspired a generation with the promise of what is possible.
Although Stratford and Bow is a new parliamentary constituency, its history is old and rich.
The Women’s Hall at Old Ford Road in Bow was home to Sylvia Pankhurst and Norah Smyth and the headquarters of the East London Federation of Suffragettes from 1914 until 1924.