At the summit of Carn Brea sits the Basset monument, looking down from 750 feet across the constituency.
The monument was funded by public subscription in 1836 after Basset himself petitioned the other place against slavery in 1828.
To the north of Carn Brea, just 4 miles away, the Celtic sea sparkles in the sunlight and laps the beautiful beaches of Gwithian, Portreath, Porthtowan, St Agnes and Perranporth—the Celtic sea, which offers the prospect of vast quantities of electricity generated from offshore wind, an opportunity that I dearly hope this Government will grasp.
Looking to the west from Carn Brea we see the town of Camborne, pronounced “Kammbronn” in Cornish, meaning “crooked hill”.
It is a town that, along with its near neighbour Redruth, is synonymous with our tin mining heritage.
The two towns were once among the wealthiest in Britain, helping to drive the economy for more than four centuries.
Nestled in front of Camborne, a large flag of St Piran flutters in the breeze.
This flag sits at the top of the South Crofty tin mine.
There can be no finer physical symbol of the potential for the return of the Cornish economic powerhouse than South Crofty—the last tin mine to close, in 1998.
The economic winds have dramatically changed since then, and tin, which is used in the production of virtually every electrical device, is now also being used in the production of solar panels and, along with lithium, forms the cornerstone of our critical mineral industry.
We import tin from as far afield as China and Australia, with all the damaging environmental impacts that come with such imports, yet in Camborne and Redruth we sit on the third highest-grade tin deposits in the world, and there is plenty of it.
Our sense of pride in our mining heritage, which was mentioned by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Truro and Falmouth (Jayne Kirkham) , and the possibility of our tin mining renaissance are a constant source of hope and optimism for an area that has been damned by industrial decline for decades.
But back to the summit of Carn Brea and Basset’s monument.
Further over to the west, on the horizon behind Camborne, is Hayle, the third largest town in the constituency.
Although the official title of my constituency is Camborne and Redruth, woe betide me if I do not mention Hayle in the same breath.
Hayle is a vital natural seaport, ready to serve the new opportunities in the Celtic sea, and it includes a very large estuary.
Indeed, the Cornish word for estuary is hayl.
I have strong familial ties with the town, where my great-uncles, the Slade family, once ran a steel engineering business on South Quay.
Let us look directly south from Carn Brea now, to the gentle rolling hills leading down through the beautiful Cornish granite villages of Stithians, Mawnan Smith and Constantine, and then on to the two stunning subtropical gardens of Glendurgan and Trebah, which, in turn, lead down to the Helford river, from where thousands of American troops set off on D-day to free Europe from fascism.
To the east of Carn Brea lies Redruth, the Cornish meaning of which is “red ford”, the Cornish word for “red” being “ruth” and the word for “ford” being “red”—obviously!
Redruth is rapidly becoming a cultural hub, and I strongly recommend visits to Krowji creative hub, Kresen Kernow—the aforementioned archive centre—the Buttermarket, and the Ladder arts and culture hub.
Our former prosperity is evident throughout the centre of Redruth, with imposing granite buildings that are awakening with new life after a deep slumber.
Further to the east, beyond Redruth, can be found the villages of Carharrack and St Day, which served as a hub for the one of the world’s wealthiest copper mining districts from the 16th century to the 1830s.
Just beyond them is United Downs, where Cornish Lithium, Geothermal Engineering and ground source heat pump companies are based.