I am not sure that situation will be very good.
If the hon.
Gentleman would look at the Arup report on the Tarchon interconnector, which will come into my constituency under the present plans, he will see that that interconnector will not actually contribute very much to security of supply, but will be used almost entirely to export when there is too much wind.
It will export at below the strike price because there is too much wind and it will export at a loss, and the cost will finish up on the bills of the British consumer.
So the British consumer is paying for all the investment, paying for the strike prices, paying for the infrastructure and then paying to subsidise the exports to the Germans, who will be the beneficiaries of all this investment.
I appeal to the Minister to just read the Arup report and look at this.
That is why I asked about the offshore co-ordination support scheme work that has been done.
I am not going to ask for the impossible and ask him to revive the OCSS, but I would like from him an assurance that the work ESO has done will not simply be thrown away and wasted.
Please can he assure the House that that work will be incorporated into the spatial plan that ESO says it wants to produce?
Some very interesting innovations came out of that work, but there was also a lot of work discrediting the long-term viability of Norwich to Tilbury and, looking on a different timeframe—in the longer term—that could produce a much more viable alternative than is currently on the table.
There is still work to be done on that, but I have no doubt that Fintan Slye will want to do that work as part of his project for the Government.
I would like to know that the Minister is going to support the holistic approach to which the Secretary of State referred, because Norwich to Tilbury is certainly not the product of a strategic approach to electricity grid upgrading.
We need a much more strategic approach, and I am looking for that from this Government, but it certainly will not come from this Bill.
I am grateful for the opportunity to make my maiden speech with my parents and husband in the Gallery today.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Eastleigh (Liz Jarvis) , who gave an impassioned speech showing how deeply she cares for her community, its heritage and in particular the history of caring for refugees.
She spoke so lovingly of her late parents.
It is the honour of my life to be elected as the first ever MP for Stratford and Bow.
I was born in east London, and I have lived in Stratford and in Bow.
I studied at one of our brilliant local universities, Queen Mary.
To go from local student to local MP in 20 years has been quite the homecoming.
Not getting our declaration result until nearly 6 am really did bring back memories of stumbling home from uni.
I pay tribute to the force of nature Lyn Brown, who served her home West Ham as the Member of Parliament for 19 years, and for a total of 36 years of selfless service to communities in Newham.
A true east London girl, her guidance and support have been invaluable.
I have no doubt that her contribution to the east end and public life will continue.
I also inherit Bow from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bethnal Green and Stepney (Rushanara Ali) .
She is another trail-blazer, as the first Bangladeshi-origin woman elected to Parliament.
She has inspired a generation with the promise of what is possible.
Although Stratford and Bow is a new parliamentary constituency, its history is old and rich.