I was proud that the Liberal Democrats on Stockport council led the way by establishing a warm spaces programme, supporting community organisations with the funds to help shelter vulnerable residents who could not afford to heat their homes during the winter months.
Many authorities are now doing that across the country, but as wonderful as that is, we cannot sit back and accept this situation.
Great British Energy is a step in the right direction.
I welcome the move to restore British investment in clean energy, and if Great British Energy actually brings down costs for my constituents, that will be nothing but a good thing.
I will do all I can to help my residents in Cheadle.
When it comes to the cost of living, I will hold this Government to account when I believe they are not doing enough to support those who need it.
Better health services, support for the cost of living crisis and championing my amazing community—those are some of the things that I will do as Cheadle’s Member of Parliament.
It is truly the honour of my life to be standing here working for the place I call home—the place I am now raising my family.
I hope I will do Cheadle proud here.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I pay tribute to  the hon.
Member for Cheadle (Mr Morrison) , whose experience and passion will be of great benefit to both his constituents and his local hospital, and to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stratford and Bow (Uma Kumaran) , who will be a very worthy successor to those suffragettes.
It is a real honour and a privilege to be standing here as the MP for Truro and Falmouth.
I arrived in Cornwall quite by accident nearly 20 years ago, having been swept off my feet by a naval pilot who tempted me away from life as a London trade union lawyer, with images of beaches and sunsets.
He flew search and rescue helicopters at Culdrose naval station.
Unfortunately, as is often the case, our military marriage was short, and I was left as a single mum with a small son.
But I chose to stay and bring him up in Cornwall, and it is very much our home.
Becoming a single parent was sudden and difficult, but I was fortunate.
I benefited from the opportunities offered by the last Labour Government and was able to get back on my feet.
I retrained and took a job as a teaching assistant working in a local secondary school for seven years, first in special educational needs and later as an unqualified teacher, which shows the journey that education has been on.
I pay tribute to my predecessor, Cherilyn Mackrory.
She served in a number of roles in this place; she showed her passion for the environment in her work on the Environmental Audit Committee and as chair of the ocean conservation all-party parliamentary group.
She also drew on her own personal experience to help others.
She did a huge amount to shape the women’s health strategy and maternity safety awareness, and was integral in introducing the new pregnancy loss certificate.
Both Cherilyn and her predecessor, Sarah Newton, worked to secure a new women and children’s unit at Treliske hospital in Truro, one of the previous Government’s 40 new hospitals or units.
It is desperately needed and a long time coming.
I had my son in the existing unit nearly 19 years ago, and the building was not fit for purpose then.
I really want to ensure its speedy completion.
Truro and Falmouth has existed as a constituency only since 2010.
It sits in the middle of the Duchy of Cornwall, spreading from Falmouth on the south coast to Crantock on the north coast.
Falmouth is my home, and where I have sat as a councillor for the past six years.
It is a vibrant and welcoming town enveloped by the ocean.