People from all over the world have come to Stratford and Bow to make the UK their home.
My constituency is a prime example of Britain at its best, with pearly kings and queens, and white, European, Indian, Bengali, Pakistani, Chinese, African, Asian, middle eastern, Caribbean communities and more living side by side and working together to make a better society for everyone.
Wherever someone is from, they are welcome in Stratford and Bow.
I am proud, too, to have origins as an east London girl born in Homerton hospital, but I was born here but by fate.
I am the daughter of Tamil refugees and the child of a community that knows what it is like to endure prejudice and persecution.
My parents, proud and patriotic British citizens, came to Britain over 40 years ago, but they did not simply come here; they fled for their lives, forced to leave behind everything and everyone they knew and loved, torn from a good and prosperous life in their prime to start from scratch in an unfamiliar country, working multiple jobs day and night to give me the chances that were taken from them.
Britain welcomed my parents with open arms so that they could rebuild their lives and flourish, and it was the east end that they first chose to call their home.
This is the London that I know and love, and it is the story of Britain and British values at its best: outward looking and compassionate; a country where people can work hard and triumph.
Mum and dad, thank you for everything: your endurance and your will to succeed—[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”]
You are part of the success story of Britain, and that is a story that can be found in every corner of Stratford and Bow and in every part of Britain, with the hope and aspiration for a better tomorrow that all parents have for their children and the dreams of a safe and secure life.
It is that hope and determination to fight for a better future that this Labour Government will work hard every day to deliver.
Whether the people of Stratford and Bow were born here, came here in search of a better life or just moved to the best bit of London—whatever their start in life—I will ensure that their voices are heard and valued.
I pledge to work day in, day out to tackle the root causes of poverty, to fight for more police on our streets so that women and girls feel safe to walk home at night, parents do not have to worry about knife crime and young men are not having to look over their shoulders when they walk home after dark, and to fight for an NHS that is here for us in our time of need, where patients can be seen in wards, not corridors.
Delivering my maiden speech during the GB Energy debate is apt.
Climate change remains one of the greatest challenges of our time, and we must redouble our efforts.
Before I came to this place, I worked internationally on climate action with cities around the world, the United Nations and civil society to help stop our world going past the point of no return and ensure that generations who come after us have a world that has not been destroyed because of our failure to act or our fear of being bold.
I feel deeply the responsibility that I have to repay the faith that the people of Stratford and Bow have placed in me and the duty that I have to be their voice here in Westminster.
I will work every day for that and for the values and pledges that I was elected on.
Thank you.
Thank you very much, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Stratford and Bow (Uma Kumaran)  on that incredible maiden speech.