On that point, I am glad to say he was wrong.
I also pay tribute to my Labour predecessor, Sandra Osborne.
Sandra was the first Labour and first woman MP for Ayr from 1997 until 2015.
Sandra was an outstanding MP and is still remembered fondly by many throughout the constituency.
I also pay tribute to her predecessor as MP for Carrick, Cumnock and Doon Valley, George Foulkes, who now sits in the other place as Lord Foulkes of Cumnock.
Madam Deputy Speaker, allow me to say a few words about my constituency of Ayr, Carrick and Cumnock.
It runs all the way from Pinwherry to my beloved Dalmellington, with many rural and coastal towns and villages in between.
Ayr is the county town of Ayrshire and hosts vital services such as Ayr university hospital and the University of the West of Scotland campuses, as well as a first-class racecourse that hosts the Scottish grand national.
The constituency is also famous as the birthplace of Scotland’s national bard, Robert Burns.
Robert Burns is a global icon.
His poems and songs are renowned across the world.
It would be difficult to pin Burns down on his politics, but our shared admiration for the red, red rose fills me with quiet confidence.
Carrick lies to the south of the constituency.
Maybole and the seaside town of Girvan both look out on to the Ailsa Craig—yes, I have an island, too.
Ailsa Craig is famous for granite, which is quarried to make curling stones worldwide.
There is a joke that Scottish women make champion curlers because they are used to sweeping around dead weights.
Cumnock and Doon Valley consists of former mining areas, and Cumnock was a home to Keir Hardie, the founder of the Labour party.
When critics take a pop at the Labour party, they say, “Keir Hardie would turn in his grave.”
They do not realise that he was, in fact, cremated in Maryhill in Glasgow.
A fine marble bust of Keir Hardie sits outside Cumnock town hall.
It is a popular spot for a photo for leading Labour figures  visiting the area.
Even Michael Portillo felt obliged to have his picture taken for his travel documentary.
He, too, will be happy that this Government have been so quick to act to improve the great British railways.
When hon.
Members decide to travel to my constituency, they will also find the magnificent Dumfries House in Cumnock.
Saved by an intervention in 2007 from the Prince of Wales, now His Majesty King Charles, the project has developed much-needed educational, research and employment opportunities across the area, with great success.
There are many gems to be found across the constituency.
However, my fond memories are of growing up in a small village called Dalmellington and being born and raised in Bellsbank, as part of a scheme built to house the miners moving into the area.
Picnics at the spectacular Loch Doon, pit parties with all the miners’ weans and playing kerby in the street—it was a simple life, but filled with joy.
I am the proud daughter of a miner and an NHS worker.
Given that, I was delighted to stand on a manifesto to end the injustice of the mineworkers’ pension scheme, and I was proud to ask about that very issue in my first question to the Government yesterday.
As the youngest of four siblings, times were tough growing up in our house—it was a case of first up, best dressed.
These humble beginnings make my journey to this place even more remarkable.
The journey was made easier by my two beautiful children, who have supported me all the way.
My friends keep me grounded every day, and I thank them for that.
I have always been keen to push and challenge myself, which is why I decided at the age of 18 to move to New York, where I worked as an au pair.