I will work every day for that and for the values and pledges that I was elected on.
Thank you.
I am grateful to be making my maiden speech in this debate on the Great British Energy Bill.
Given my constituency’s links to energy production at the Morecambe Bay gasfields,  it is in a unique position to be a leader in clean green energy with offshore wind and tidal power.
Spirit Energy has ambitious plans to convert our depleted gasfields and onshore terminal into a world-class carbon storage cluster.
This project will support our net zero ambitions, along with providing thousands of highly skilled green jobs in Cumbria, supporting the transition from oil and gas.
The plan will bring a multi-billion-pound investment locally, promoting growth and further regional investment that will assist us in making our local economy more sustainable.
I congratulate all those who have made their maiden speeches today, including my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stroud (Dr Opher) .
It has been inspiring to witness so many incredible maiden speeches over the past few months.
It has been fascinating to hear those gems of information about people and places, as Members speak about their constituencies with such passion, and the many varied paths and often moving stories that have brought them to this House.
I pay tribute to my predecessor, Simon Fell.
We disagreed on many matters over the years, but his commitment to BAE Systems and the nuclear deterrent was clear and something on which we could both very much agree.
His kind and generous advice during the election campaign was gratefully received and I would encourage everyone in this House to behave in a similar manner.
I wish my grandma could be here to see me today, as she would, like the rest of my family, be bursting with pride.
She would no doubt remind me of the time that she took me to the cinema when I was a toddler.
I had decided to make myself comfortable, so I kicked off my shoes to watch the film.
Part way through, I climbed off my seat and, with instant regret, found that I had stepped on an ice cream lid.
The cold and sticky ice cream quickly seeped through my socks.
So angry was four-year-old me that I turned to face the whole audience, and, with hands on hips, loudly demanded to know who was responsible, declaring that whoever it was should come and pick it up.
My grandma was understandably mortified by my outburst during the film, and it was 20 years before she confessed that it was her ice cream lid.
I could not be prouder to be not only the first local to be elected as MP for Barrow and Furness, but the first ever female to hold this very privileged position.
I started my career in banking way back in the ’80s, but found very quickly that my passion would take me elsewhere.
With an insuppressible drive to call out injustice, my mouth soon ensured that I was elected as our union rep, and within a couple of years I was asked to take on that role for the north-west region.
I will never forget how I felt when my manager took me aside to tell me that, if I accepted that responsibility, I could kiss goodbye to my career in banking.
I did not need time to think about it; I took the job.
There is nothing in this world more likely to make me dig my heels in than a bully.
My constituency is well known for many things.
We have been world leaders in ironworks, with the founders of Barrow exporting railways to the world.
They understood that, for a secure economy, we needed more than one industry and created the jute manufacturing business that became a world leader in its own right.