Our former prosperity is evident throughout the centre of Redruth, with imposing granite buildings that are awakening with new life after a deep slumber.
Further to the east, beyond Redruth, can be found the villages of Carharrack and St Day, which served as a hub for the one of the world’s wealthiest copper mining districts from the 16th century to the 1830s.
Just beyond them is United Downs, where Cornish Lithium, Geothermal Engineering and ground source heat pump companies are based.
These businesses have the potential to play key roles in Britain’s economic transformation.
We have tin, lithium, geothermal and ground source heat, but we are also blessed with the opportunities of offshore wind in the Celtic sea, onshore wind, solar and tidal.
There are very few places in the UK in which renewable energy and critical mineral opportunities are so abundant.
The renewable energy opportunities are not the only factors that make this land so distinct.
Let me quickly give three other examples.
First, 10 years ago Cornwall was granted national minority status under the European framework convention for the protection of national minorities.
Our language, our culture and our heritage, as well as our economic potential, mark us out on this island.
Secondly, the positive reaction received by all six Cornish MPs on both sides of the House for taking our oaths in Cornish is telling.
Almost half our children and young people consider themselves first and foremost Cornish.
Finally, on Saturday my brother Dickon will be made a bard of the Gorsedh, the highest honour that can be bestowed on a Cornish man or woman.
This is an honour awarded to people who have given exceptional service to Cornwall by a manifestation of the Celtic spirit or by service to Cornwall.
It is these cultural differences that mark us out.
It has been clear on the doorstep over the past two years that there is a strong desire for a non-mayoral model of governance arrangement with Westminster.
My hope and my focus in coming weeks and months will be to  persuade the Government that the most appropriate devolution arrangement for Cornwall is an Assembly similar to that of our Celtic cousins in Wales.
In terms of economic development, culture and governance, the time has come to throw open the cage door and unleash the Cornish Celtic tiger.
For my part, I will put all my energies into representing the people of Camborne, Redruth and Hayle to the best of my abilities.
To do so will be the honour of my life.
Meur ras—thank you.
I begin by congratulating the previous speaker,  the hon.
Member for Caerfyrddin (Ann Davies) , on making an excellent maiden speech.
I also congratulate all new Members who have made interesting and inspiring contributions today.
I am delighted to be making my maiden speech as part of the debate on the Great British Energy Bill.
GB Energy will, of course, be headquartered in Scotland.
With clean energy infrastructure already in place and the workforce to match, Ayrshire would be an ideal setting.
However, regardless of where it is located, GB Energy will create thousands of jobs and deliver energy security and lower prices for consumers throughout the UK.
As it is customary, it is right that I pay tribute to my direct predecessor, Allan Dorans, who served his constituents well through the last five years.
Politics aside, it is important to acknowledge the hard work and dedication that is asked of us elected Members.
We carry out our duties and represent all constituents to the best of our ability.
In his maiden speech, my predecessor said he hoped that voters in Ayr, Carrick and Cumnock would never again elect an MP to go to Westminster.
On that point, I am glad to say he was wrong.
I also pay tribute to my Labour predecessor, Sandra Osborne.
Sandra was the first Labour and first woman MP for Ayr from 1997 until 2015.