It was a Labour Government who enshrined in law the right to freedom of expression, and it is a Labour Government who will again uphold freedom of speech and academic freedom on our university campuses—not through creating a culture war, but through working with academics, students and campaigners to get the legislation right.
The Secretary of State wrote to colleagues and made a written statement on  24 July 2024  on her decision to pause further commencement of the Higher Education (Freedom of Speech) Act 2023 in order to consider options.
We have heard concerns from minority groups and others that that Act and its implementation may have unintended consequences and result in disproportionate burdens for universities and student unions.
Many are concerned that it could push providers to overlook the safety and wellbeing of minority groups over fears of sanction and costly action.
I want to provide the House with reassurance that this Government believe that higher education must be a space for robust discussion that exposes both students and academics to challenging ideas.
The decision to pause the Act was made precisely because of the importance of getting this legislation right.
The Secretary of State indicated in her written statement that she would confirm her long-term plans for the Act “as soon as possible”.
Since then, officials and Ministers have engaged with a wide range of stakeholders on the future of the Act.
This includes representatives of higher education providers and academics, including those from the Committee for Academic Freedom, Academics for Academic Freedom and the London Universities’ Council for Academic Freedom.
Those officials and Ministers will continue to engage with stakeholders before any final decision is made.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for calling me to make my maiden speech in this uplifting debate to celebrate the success of the Olympics and Paralympics.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Warrington South (Sarah Hall) ; I completely agree with her sentiments about children who are beneath the radar, and I will do everything I can to ensure that they are lifted and seen.
One of my happiest family memories is of a trip in 2012 to enjoy the spectacle and the spirit of the London Paralympics in the pool and on the track, a day that surely inspired my own children’s passion for and dedication to sport.
My constituency can lay claim to Britain’s first ever track and field Olympic gold medallist: Charles Bennett, a train driver from Shapwick—otherwise known as the Shapwick Express—won the 1,500 metres in 1900 and took two further medals, but was largely forgotten until his family discovered his achievements more than 100 years later.
My own journey to this place has been more of a marathon than a sprint.
It took four attempts for me to win my seat of Mid Dorset and North Poole, my home for 25 years.
That journey also started in 2012, when Dame Annette Brooke, the then Liberal Democrat MP, invited me to tea and suggested that I put myself forward as a candidate.
I explained that I was just a mum of four running a café and was completely unqualified for the job, having never been to university, and that “people like me did not become MPs”.
She simply replied, “That is why you should stand.”
Without her faith in me I would not be here, and I hope that I can emulate her work—such as her support for park home owners, protecting Dorset’s heathlands and fighting for better education funding—and that I can achieve just a fraction of the deep respect and admiration that our community still feels for her.
I turn to my immediate predecessor, Michael Tomlinson.
He was so proud of his legislative roles—first as a Government Whip, then as Solicitor General, and most recently as the Minister for Illegal Immigration.
I know that he took these responsibilities very seriously, but not as seriously as his love for cricket.