I am afraid that we are not yet able to comment on next steps regarding projects at specific stations; however, ensuring that the rail network is accessible to absolutely everyone is at the heart of our passenger-focused approach, and I will speak to him about it further.
Has the Minister’s capital portfolio review properly considered the health, social and equalities aspects of value for money, and will it therefore recommend cancelling more road building schemes from the previous Government in favour of a real long-term boost to local authority active travel funding?
The capital review and our assessment of the transport appraisal guidance are absolutely considering how we can capture better the wider implications of transport infrastructure funding.
We are committed to working with Active Travel England and ensuring that all investment involves consideration of how we can better promote active travel and public transport use, but we are committed to road building as well.
The deployment of Operation Brock to queue freight lorries heading to Dover on the M20 caused huge disruption and  inconvenience for residents and businesses throughout my Ashford constituency.
Ahead of the introduction of the new EU entry/exit system, will the Government work with the French Government, local authorities, the port of Dover, and Eurotunnel to minimise delays and ensure that Operation Brock is used only as a measure of last resort?
Both the Secretary of State and I have visited Kent a number of times in recent weeks and months.
We meet regularly with our colleagues in the Home Office, the Cabinet Office and the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office to discuss the impacts of the new EU entry/exit system, and we will intensify those discussions as we approach the implementation date.
I call the Father of the House.
The previous Minister promised me and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Brigg and Immingham (Martin Vickers)  that he had instructed LNER and Network Rail to ensure that we get our through train from Grimsby to London.
Will the Minister confirm that she will continue those firm instructions and, above all, ensure that this train stops?
If it does not stop in Market Rasen, I am going to lie down on the line and stop it that way.
I do hope that the right hon.
Member will not put himself in such danger.
We are working with industry to address timetabling, financial, operational and infrastructure issues that need to be resolved before a service between Cleethorpes and London via Market Rasen could be introduced, once the east coast main line timetable change has been implemented.
We will consider any proposals put forward, with approval subject to funding and a thorough business case process.
One of the final acts of the last Tory Government was to cancel Access for All funding for Battersea Park station in my constituency, despite there being a costed plan in place with the local authority.
The funding has been promised for more than a decade.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we can get the project back on track and finally make Battersea Park station step-free?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend, who has been campaigning on this issue since the moment she set foot in this House.
I would be delighted to meet her to see how we can take forward this important project.
Local people in Harpenden and Berkhamsted are already blighted by noise from Luton airport, and are highly concerned about the proposed expansion to almost double passenger capacity.
What assessment has the Minister made of the compatibility of the expansion with the views of the Government’s own advisers, the Climate Change Committee?
Currently, Luton airport is part of a development consent order, on which I cannot comment as a Minister, but I would remind people that it is always important to balance noise and local economic activity.