They are people like Catherine and Ant who have kept our community fed, and people like Gale and Jess who have helped more people in Winsford than I could begin to count.
They and hundreds like them are at the heart of our community.
They are the custodians of our history, and the architects of our future, and, despite the challenging times that we are facing, I am convinced that it is a future filled with promise and possibility.
I have long believed that the people of our three great Mid Cheshire salt towns, and, indeed, our country, want a Government who are on their side.
They want politics and politicians to serve them, to end the chaos and dysfunction of Westminster and to rebuild our country.
The key mission of this Labour Government is to restore trust in politics, to show that politics can be a  force for good, and to demonstrate that politics and politicians can deliver for people and change lives for the better.
I promise always to do my best to serve and represent my constituents, to work tirelessly to deliver the change that people have voted for, and to repay the trust that the people of Mid Cheshire have placed in me.
The Secretary of State was asked—
If she will take steps to help expedite the approval of additional trains to increase capacity on Chiltern Railways.
Officials will continue to work with Children Railways to support the delivery of its fleet renewal programme to improve passenger experience and drive sustainable growth across the region.
Chiltern is exploring options to expedite its procurement of additional trains while following robust assurance steps to ensure that it has a strong business case that delivers value for money for the taxpayer.
Chiltern Railways has the oldest fleet of any operator at over 30 years of age, and additional capacity is needed to meet the demands of my constituents in Solihull West and Shirley.
While I welcome the Department’s commitment to reducing overcrowding by moving more rolling stock to where it is needed in the network, can the Minister expand on the specific steps the Department is taking to reduce overcrowding on the Chiltern main line?
Chiltern’s business case assesses both like-for-like and enhanced capacity rolling stock options.
Like-for-like offers similar capacity to the current fleet but more modern trains to deliver a better customer proposition.
Enhanced capacity would enable Chiltern to run more services to relieve crowding.
Both options are still under consideration ahead of further market engagement.
A final decision will be made taking into consideration value for money and affordability.
What steps she is taking to help mitigate disruption to rail passengers travelling to the south-west when construction of Old Oak Common station begins.
Nowhere is the Tory legacy of transport failure more obvious than in the legacy we have been left on High Speed 2, with costs allowed to run completely out of control, communities ignored, and misery for passengers baked into the plans.
My Department is working with the rail industry to minimise disruption during the construction of Old Oak Common station, including through a £30 million investment in mitigations that will allow services to continue to operate during the disruption.
Our railway in the south-west is too slow, too fragile and too expensive.
Does the Transport Secretary agree with me and colleagues across Cornwall, the south-west and Wales that this new HS2 station will mean slower and more disrupted journeys?
Will she meet me and a delegation of south-west MPs to discuss mitigation of the legacy she has inherited from the last Government to ensure that the south-west does not suffer now and in the future because of that disruption?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for rightly raising these issues.
I will be delighted to meet her to discuss the mitigations.