Corby is a town built on steel.
Back in the day, many travelled down from Scotland as steelworkers, and the steelworks were built.
Residents are rightly proud of their heritage, which they celebrate each year with a weekend of highland games and many Burns suppers.
It has a proud history and a spirit that has seen them rise against any adversity they have faced.
That is why after fighting against the steelworks closure in the 1980s, which saw over 10,000 people thrown on the dole, they rebuilt their town; they rebuilt their communities, and they would not be beaten.
During my time on the campaign trail, one lady whose door I knocked on captured that spirit. “
I’m standing to be your Member of Parliament at the next election,” I said. “
That’s amazing.
My mum would really love to meet you; can you come back in half an hour because we’ve got guests at the minute?”
I said yes, so I went back.
It turned out her mum had just stopped taking treatment for stage 4 cancer and wanted to live her days.
She said to me, “I want you to do two things.
First, always speak up for Corby; we’re good people, we’re proud people.
The second thing I want you to do is get the No.
50 bus back.”
I said, “Okay, what’s the No.
50 bus?”
The No.
50 bus is the direct bus that went from Corby to Kettering general hospital. “
When my husband was in hospital, that was my lifeline to get to see him and I want it back,” she said.
I am going to pop round to see her daughter because on  2 November , it is back; it will take people directly from Corby to Kettering general.
The only thing they cannot do is give us the No.
50 back; it is now the No.
2 because the No.
50 goes to Peterborough and apparently it will cost money to get the number back, but I think the principle has been established.
I have spent my adult life representing working people, from the start when I took on an apprenticeship with the Royal Mail and I joined my union, the Communication Workers Union.
A lot of people talk about their schooling, their university, their training.
The CWU was my schooling, my university, my training, and without a shadow of a doubt I would not be here today if it was not for the CWU.
The journey here has been somewhat interesting to say the least.
It started in the back of a taxi with me and Frances O’Grady talking about the importance of working- class people entering our politics, because we were on  our way to the funeral of Jack Dromey, a dear friend to this place, this party and our movement.
I want to put on record my thanks to the TUC for what it did in supporting me during my time as the candidate.
It went from the back of a taxi with Frances to driving around Corby in a Vauxhall with Eamonn Norton and Mark Pengelly knocking on the doors of about 600 Labour party members to try to convince them I was the candidate they should all vote for.
We did the best we could; I became the candidate and now I represent that constituency.
I know it is not going to be easy to do that, but I am determined to make a difference.
There are issues that I want to get involved with and changes I want to see.
I want to see a difference in the world of work by making sure that work really does pay and is a route out of poverty.