What steps will the Secretary of State take to consider cross-river public transport?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question and completely understand the concerns that she raises about congestion in the area.
The outlined business case submitted by KenEx, to which she refers, was unfortunately unable to progress further after its submission in 2022, as it lacked critical detail.
Should alternatives be brought forward, I am sure that they will be considered.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
After just 100 days, this is already one of the most anti-growth Governments in history, from investor-scaring taxes to the right hon.
Lady hitting the brakes on our transport infrastructure pipeline, with Northern Powerhouse Rail, the Midlands Rail Hub and road upgrades across the country all on hold.
Growth requires investment and investment requires confidence.
Will she give some to the businesses looking to invest, to the contractors waiting to get started, and, crucially, to the communities that so badly need these upgrades?
I wonder whether the hon.
Lady has spoken to any businesses or infrastructure providers over the past 14 years who have suffered appalling uncertainty and a lack of confidence.
Her Government presided over billions of pounds of waste and failure in the delivery of infrastructure and have cost our economy hundreds of billions of pounds.
I was expecting the right hon.
Lady to say something along the lines of “wait for the Budget”, or “wait for the spending review”, as we have heard many times during this question session.
However, she did not wait for the Budget to give unions a massive pay rise, to re-announce our plan to get HS2 to Euston, or to signal billions of pounds for a new HS2-light.
If she can make those decisions before the Budget, surely she can confirm that every penny of investment that we had committed to transport through Network North will continue to be invested in our country’s transport infra- structure.
The hon.
Lady can wait for the Budget!
Dangerous driving is a major concern, particularly following a serious crash in my constituency last week.
With West Midlands police committed to Vision Zero, what additional support is the Department for Transport providing to help local enforcement and campaigns to tackle speeding and other dangerous driving behaviours?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that vital question.
Every death on our roads is a tragedy.
We expect drivers to observe the speed limit,  and, of course, enforcement is a matter for the police.
Last week, I met Richard Parker, the Mayor of the west midlands, to discuss our shared determination to improve road safety.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesman.
I congratulate the Secretary of State on saying recently that it is ridiculous for HS2 to end at Old Oak Common.
Can she confirm whether funding for the work necessary at Euston station has now been secured and what she is doing to reverse the Tories’ equally absurd decision to end the northern leg at Birmingham?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his comments.
As I said earlier, nowhere is the legacy of the previous Government more pertinent than the mess in which they left HS2.
Even under their disgraced plans, Euston was always going to be part of the position on HS2, and we will shortly be making a full announcement about the future of HS2 and, crucially, about its cost controls.
I am pleased to hear that the Secretary of State has said that, unlike the previous hapless Government, she will prevent another scandal such as the sudden sacking of 800 P&O ferry employees two years ago.
Will she please outline what steps she intends to take to stop anything like that ever happening again?
I am very grateful to my hon.
Friend for her question.
The previous Government took two-and-a-half years after the P&O ferry scandal to do nothing.