As she rebuilds our bus network, can she assure me that the better buses Bill will make provision to fully include local voices, not just the voices of those in elected positions?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend, who has put her finger on exactly the problem with the system across the country at the moment.
For too long, we have allowed private operators to pick and choose whatever routes and services they want, with no say whatsoever for local people or local leaders.
The better buses Bill is at the heart of our bus service reforms, and it will give local people a proper say on the routes and services that they absolutely depend on.
In my constituency of Huntingdon, eight villages receive no bus services whatsoever, including Molesworth, where we will shortly see a half a billion pound investment in upgrading and expanding our defence infrastructure at RAF Molesworth.
Given that franchising will potentially be introduced in Cambridgeshire and Peterborough, will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss how we can guarantee that our rural villages are given the focus they urgently need?
The hon.
Gentleman has made the case for franchising.
It is totally unacceptable that entire villages are cut off, without the bus services that they absolutely need.
That denies people the opportunity to move around their area and get to work or education opportunities.
The Mayor of Cambridgeshire and Peterborough is pursuing franchising.
We are supporting him in those efforts, and we will make sure that villages such as those in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency are properly included in the franchising process.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I wonder if the right hon.
Lady can see the irony in the fact that the new bus system that she is so excited about introducing is broadly the same as the train system that she is busy dismantling.
The simple truth is that without  funding, the Government’s plan will not make struggling bus services viable or affordable for passengers.
What has helped is our £2 fare cap, which has saved millions of people money and helped to keep local buses going, especially in rural areas.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the £2 fare cap has been a good thing and, crucially, is she going to keep it?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right to suggest that the underfunding of bus services over a decade has led to the cancellation and scrapping of thousands of bus routes across the country, and passenger numbers have fallen over the last 40 years.
We are committed to consolidating funding and ending the “Hunger Games” style process that the previous Government oversaw, which pitted authorities against each other and created winners and losers.
What steps she is taking to promote walking and cycling.
This Government recognise the huge benefits of walking and cycling.
They support our economic growth, health and net zero missions by helping to revitalise high streets, improve air quality and support people in living longer, healthier lives.
This Government will embrace green and healthy transport choices, and we will set out ambitious plans to promote safer, greener and healthier journeys as part of an integrated transport strategy.
Barriers to active travel are many, including old footbridges that are needed for crossing railways.
In my constituency of Wokingham, Network Rail is in the process of replacing the footbridge at the Tan House crossing.
Despite an offer from the local authority to contribute towards the cost of making the bridge accessible to all, Network Rail has insisted on spending millions of pounds to build a bridge that many people will never be able to use.
Can the Minister review with Network Rail why it believes that it is not required to make its estate accessible to all, and take steps to ensure that it is required to do so in future?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.