Kieran Reilly, who lives in Corby, won silver at the BMX freestyle.
Adrenaline Alley was the venue he used in the constituency, a terrific venue that many use.
I am delighted to be the Member of Parliament for the constituency of Corby and East Northamptonshire.
I pay tribute to my predecessor, Tom Pursglove, who had the honour to represent Corby for nine years and became a Minister during that time.
I know for a fact that he was very proud to serve his constituency, and I always found him extremely constructive and extremely cordial.
I know that now, after Parliament, he is looking at doing work with disabled people and getting disabled people better access to work.
I hope that I will be able to work with him, because I am now chairing an all-party parliamentary group on modernising employment.
One area we are going to look at is how disabled people can access work, so I hope our paths will cross again.
I also thank Andy Sawford, the last Labour Member of Parliament for the constituency, who continues to be a good friend to our constituency.
He is somebody I seek wise counsel from, and I am fortunate enough to say that I get that rather cheaply.
He runs a political consultancy, so if hon.
Members ever ask him for his opinion, it is going to cost them a lot of money, but whenever I do, I get it for free.
Thanks, Andy, for being there for us as we move on.
Corby and East Northamptonshire is a large constituency that I have had many years of dealing with.
I represented Corby’s postal workers for over a decade, and I can tell you now that a finer group of workers you will never be able to meet.
My daughter Hannah was married at the wonderful venue at the Stanwick hotel, and my father was for a time a boot and shoe worker in the town of Raunds.
Indeed, Raunds has its place in history for fighting for fair wages and good pay.
Next year marks the 120th anniversary of the Raunds strike of 1905, which saw workers who made boots for the Army march to Parliament to demand better pay.
The War Office agreed and set a minimum rate for their job.
The case for fair wages and good pay is as relevant today as it was then.
Work should be the route out of poverty.
It should not mean a lifetime trapped in it, yet 40% of children living in Corby and East Northamptonshire who live in poverty have at least one working parent.
We need to  reshape the world of work so that it pays, and our economy so that the dignity of a job is always better than no job.
In-work poverty should be eradicated and chucked into the dustbin of history.
Today, we celebrate the new deal for working people being laid before this House.
With that, we will have the foundations for a better future for working people.
I want to be around to ensure we can do that.
Other parts that make up my constituency include the market town of Thrapston, which boasts its own livestock market.
I was delighted to join Thrapston’s mayor, Andy McGovern, at his recent service to celebrate his term of office.
East Northamptonshire is also home to the town of Oundle.
Oundle school and Prince William school are two of three schools in an open education partnership, which I am delighted to be able to support and facilitate, which sees independent and state schools coming together to share their facilities and best practices.
Corby is a town built on steel.
Back in the day, many travelled down from Scotland as steelworkers, and the steelworks were built.
Residents are rightly proud of their heritage, which they celebrate each year with a weekend of highland games and many Burns suppers.