Gentleman has the temerity to stand there and ask why we are not getting on with it.
This Government are moving quick and fixing things.
We are determined to work with Tracy Brabin as the Mayor of West Yorkshire to achieve her objectives.
What steps she is taking to reduce driving test waiting times.
Practical driving test waiting times remain far too high after the previous Administration failed to reduce them, limiting would-be drivers’ access to opportunities.
I have met the chief executive of the Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency and driving test examiners, and I have instructed my officials to work at pace to identify solutions to this pervasive problem.
I welcome the fact that the Secretary of State has met the chief executive of the DVSA to discuss urgent solutions to the sky-high driving test waiting times.
According to the latest statistics, the waiting time in the Wood Green driving test centre in my constituency was 18.64 weeks.
Will my right hon.
Friend confirm that this issue is a top priority for the Government, so that my constituents can be reassured that driving test waiting times will be drastically reduced?
Order.
Can I just say to Members who have been here a long time, please speak to the Chair?
They should be speaking through a third party, not directly.
I am trying to take some of the anger out of it.
Please work with me on that.
I am very grateful to you, Mr Speaker, as I am to my hon.
Friend for raising that important question.
He is absolute right.
Average waiting times at the Wood Green centre currently sit just above the national average.
The measures that the DVSA is already taking to reduce waiting times include conducting tests outside regular hours, at weekends and on public holidays, and continuing to deploy examiners from areas with lower waiting times.
That is in addition to producing additional examiners across the country in areas where waiting times are highest.
We will soon set out to the House further steps by which we will bring down waiting times further.
I thank the Secretary of State very much for that response.
Waiting times for tests continue to be a problem.
What assessment has been made of the knock-on effect that could occur with the validity of theory tests should delays in practical tests remain and not improve?
I am very grateful to the hon.
Member for raising that important issue.
I will take it away and write to him.
What discussions she has had with the Maritime and Coastguard Agency on maritime safety breaches which occur outside UK territorial waters but within the exclusive economic zone.
The Secretary of State has met the chief executive of the Maritime and Coastguard Agency, and this matter was discussed.
The MCA will continue to monitor this important issue, as well as follow up on the actions already taken since the Westminster Hall debate on maritime safety last April.
If we continue to see this as a matter of legality, nothing will ever change, and certainly not in any decent timeframe.
We have to focus on what we can do practically to end the sort of attacks that trawlers from Shetland, such as the Alison Kay and Defiant, have been subject to in recent years.
Will the Minister look at the experience of authorities in Ireland, who have managed to tackle the reckless conduct of trawlers like the Pesorsa Dos and keep their fishermen safe?
I will undertake to look at the authorities in Ireland.
I had a recent visit to the Orkney Islands in the right hon.
Member’s constituency.
I would wish to catch up with him about that and I am happy to meet him to discuss this matter further.
What recent progress has been made on the electrification of the midland main line.