In Hinckley, we have one of the most bashed bridges in Britain; it gets hit every two weeks on average.
It is on the A5, which also has some black spots for accidents and pinch points.
Will the Secretary of State arrange for a meeting between me and the Roads Minister,  the hon.
Member for Nottingham South (Lilian Greenwood) , to talk about how we can get through the improvements that have been looked at for the last few years to ensure that our bridges are not hit and that we do not have black spots on the A5?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for raising that important issue.
It is clear, with stats like those, that it needs some attention.
I am sure that my hon.
Friend the Roads Minister will be happy to meet him.
Between 60,000 and 90,000 vehicles pass through the A50/A500 corridor every single day, but the road is slow and unreliable, with average rush hour speeds below 20 mph.
The road is a daily nightmare for residents of Uttoxeter and the surrounding areas, and serves as a significant barrier to economic growth.
Will the Minister commit to meeting me in Uttoxeter to see for herself the upgrades that are needed?
I fear I may be filling up the diary of my hon.
Friend the Roads Minister, but I am sure she would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend  the Member for Burton and Uttoxeter (Jacob Collier)  to discuss the road in question.
Road safety is one of the main reasons why young people do not cycle, and that is particularly true in cities such as Bath, where the historic infrastructure makes it difficult.
What will the Government do to help young cyclists in particular by making roads safer in Bath?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for raising that point, and it sits at the heart of our ambition to develop the new road safety strategy.
The previous Government pursued poisonous culture wars against road users of all descriptions.
We are determined to take back streets for pedestrians, cyclists and drivers, and that will be at the heart of our new ambition for the road safety strategy.
I call the shadow Minister.
Road safety is inextricably linked to the state of our roads. [
Interruption.]
Government Members might want to wait.
New polling suggests that surface conditions on major roads are getting worse, risking more accidents.
Will the Secretary of State confirm—a yes or no answer will suffice—whether her Government will maintain the previous Conservative Government’s commitment to £11 billion in road repair budgets?
I was fascinated to know how Opposition Front Benchers would approach their legacy when raising questions today.
The legacy we have been left includes a maintenance backlog of billions and billions of pounds on our local roads.
It is one of the biggest issues facing people across the country, and our manifesto committed us to repair and prevent up to a million potholes a year.
If she will meet stakeholders in the midlands to discuss plans to build the midlands rail hub.
As the hon.
Member will know, Network Rail is in the process of procuring design for the delivery of the western phase of the midlands rail hub scheme.
While a business case is being developed for later phases, we would of course be happy to meet the hon.
Member and stakeholders to discuss progress on the programme.
I very much appreciate that response.
I would appreciate it as well if the Minister could give us some idea of the timing of this really important investment for the region, which will add considerably to the economic prospects of the west midlands.
I appreciate how important it is to improve rail infrastructure in the midlands.