As my hon.
Friend knows, the UK aviation market predominantly operates in the private sector, and regulatory costs are common to several industries.
My Department is working with the aviation industry to understand the impact of these costs, and I am sure he will continue to champion the public service obligation route between Newquay and London, which enables more passengers to use Newquay airport.
Whether she has had discussions with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on increasing capital investment in transport.
As the Chancellor set out in her statement, this Government inherited a £22 billion fiscal black hole, including billions of pounds of underfunded and unfunded transport projects.
We must fix the foundations of the economy, so I am reviewing capital expenditure in transport to ensure that every penny is spent responsibly, to get the best value for money, and to ensure that our investment powers growth in every corner of the country.
The Secretary of State will be aware of the ambitions of Scotland and the other devolved nations when it comes to major capital transport schemes.
However, she will also be aware of the swingeing cuts made to capital budgets by the previous Tory Government, while construction inflation has risen to eye-watering levels.
Will she ensure that capital funding for transport projects is substantially increased to enable work on vital connectivities to progress at pace?
I have met the Scottish Transport Minister, Fiona Hyslop, and look forward to a constructive working relationship with her.
The hon.
Gentleman will appreciate that spending commitments are a matter for the spending review, but those negotiations and discussions are ongoing.
As a result of under-investment in the lower Thames crossing project, Dartford residents face a noxious cocktail of bad air quality and disruption, living as they do near the hugely over capacity Dartford crossing.
Will my right hon.
Friend consider making representations to the Treasury to ensure that the lower Thames crossing, which is a vital infrastructure project, is funded?
The decision around the development consent order for the lower Thames crossing is a quasi-judicial one.
I am afraid I am unable to comment further than my written ministerial statement this week.
If she will take steps with Cabinet colleagues to ensure the provision of ringfenced funding for local authorities to deliver publicly-controlled bus services.
As part of our plan to deliver better bus services, the Government have committed to reforming bus funding by giving local authorities the tools they need to ensure services reflect the needs of the communities they serve.
We want to give local leaders more control and flexibility over bus funding, and allow them to plan ahead to deliver their local transport priorities.
We are considering how best to support buses in the longer term as part of the spending review.
The Government’s better buses Bill is a fantastic example of what a Labour Government can achieve and do.
For the Bill to be successful, if funding is made available, we must ensure bus drivers are paid adequately and local residents have an input into the design, regularity and quality of routes.
Will the Minister confirm that that will form part of the Bill and that this Labour Government will end the Tories’ 14-year ideological war on municipal transport?
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
I reassure him that we are committed to delivering better bus services and that we will always put passengers first.
Our forthcoming bus Bill is a crucial part of our reforms.
When it is introduced later in this Session, it will increase powers available to local leaders, because those local leaders are best placed to make decisions on their bus networks, and remove the Conservatives’ ideological ban on municipal bus companies.
What steps her Department is taking to improve transport links in rural areas.
The Government know that Britain needs a modern transport network to help kickstart economic growth.