I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for rightly raising these issues.
I will be delighted to meet her to discuss the mitigations.
Efforts will be made to minimise the impact on passengers, including trains terminating at either Ealing Broadway or Reading, but we will work with her to monitor and minimise disruption for her constituents.
Traffic delays at level crossings in Egham, Addlestone and Chertsey are punishing my constituents, and engineering works and diversion routes just make that worse.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss how we can mitigate and improve our level crossings, especially during these engineering works?
I fully appreciate the implications of Network Rail engineering works, and the construction and maintenance of level crossings in particular.
I will happily pass on the hon.
Member’s request for a meeting to the Minister for Rail in the other place.
I call the shadow Minister.
One of the ways in which we could improve the reliability of all our train services is through reform of working practices such as annual leave and weekend working.
Agreeing a no-strings deal with ASLEF forced the Secretary of State into agreeing a no-strings deal with the RMT.
How does she plan to recover from such a weak negotiating position for future rounds?
What progress has she made on proposals—our proposals, I should say—for a pay review body for public rail workers?
Order.
I am sure that question must be related in some way to Old Oak Common.
I think we need to be more descriptive when asking such questions.
Secretary of State, answer as you wish.
I am happy to answer that question, Mr Speaker.
The two-year industrial dispute cost the taxpayer £25 million a day every time the Tories oversaw a strike day.
The reforms that they pursued cost taxpayers hundreds of millions of pounds.
We have since settled  the national pay dispute and localised disputes on London North Eastern Railway and CrossCountry, leading to improved passenger services across the country.
What steps she is taking to improve road safety.
Every death on our roads is a tragedy; for too long, they have been treated as an inevitability.
The safety of our roads is an absolute priority for this Government.
Since the general election, the Department has begun work on a new road safety strategy, the first in more than a decade, which will support our mission to build an NHS fit for the future.
Last week, I met South Yorkshire police to raise the issue of speeding and in particular the phenomenon of boy racers, which is a problem across my constituency, particularly in Broom, Sitwell and Whiston, as well as along the A57 around the Todwick roundabout.
That was a constructive meeting, but what steps are the Government taking to clamp down on this dangerous problem?
I applaud my hon.
Friend for raising this important issue.
I know the blight that such antisocial behaviour and speeding has on communities, particularly in areas like the one he represents.
A key part of our safer streets mission is to take back our streets, and the Government will give police the powers they need to seize illegal, dangerous and antisocial vehicles and take them off the streets for good, so that they can quickly be crushed.
We are working on delivering the road safety strategy, the first in over a decade, to reduce antisocial behaviour, injuries and tragic deaths on our roads.
In Hinckley, we have one of the most bashed bridges in Britain; it gets hit every two weeks on average.
It is on the A5, which also has some black spots for accidents and pinch points.
Will the Secretary of State arrange for a meeting between me and the Roads Minister,  the hon.