Will she now agree to meet those academics, and will she please now do the right thing and commence the legislation that Parliament has passed?
This Government are absolutely committed to freedom of speech.
The Secretary of State paused the further implementation of the Act to consider options and ensure we get the legislation right, and she will confirm as soon as possible the plans for the Act and long-term plans for the continuation of freedom of speech in higher education.
The higher education sector, minority groups, and unions representing staff on campus have raised concerns about the Act, believing it to be disproportionate, burdensome and damaging to the welfare of students, and fear that sanctions could result in minority groups’ concerns being overlooked.
MPs and peers raised a whole range of these concerns during the Bill’s passage.
By stepping back from the legislation to reflect on which of the measures introduced are needed, the Government are taking a pragmatic approach to ensuring that higher education remains a space for constructive dialogue and a home for diverse opinions.
It should not be a battleground for ideological clashes.
We are considering the next steps.
I take on board the shadow Secretary of State’s request for the Secretary of State to meet those he mentioned.
She has held a range of meetings with all groups that have concerns and want a say in how this consideration continues.
I am sure that she will have further meetings and I will pass on his specific request.
Universities and academic freedom are vital to the intellectual and economic health of this country.
Free speech was mentioned in our manifesto earlier this year, but there was no mention of this particular decision, which was made 21 days after the Secretary of State took office.
Sadly, I therefore find it difficult to support this decision, on that basis alone.
Can the Minister tell me whether, when she talks about burdensome issues, she means the Chinese Government threatening to withdraw resources from our major universities, because I think that is at the bottom of the pressure that was unduly put on the Secretary of State?
I have heard my hon.
Friend and recognise his point.
However, I can absolutely reassure him that that was not a factor in making this decision.
It is very much about ensuring that we take the time to consider options for the future of this Act and make sure that we get it right.
It is because we believe in upholding freedom of expression and freedom of speech in our world-class higher education sector that we want to get this legislation right, and that is why we are considering the options.
We will continue to listen to and meet all groups that have an interest in upholding freedom of speech.
There are those who support measures in the Act and those who have concerns about measures in the Act.
We will continue to consult and will report back on plans as soon as possible.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Freedom of speech is fundamentally about the freedom to inquire about and explore ideas, facts and data that are sometimes difficult and sometimes inconvenient, and it was the lack of facts and data, and even of much of an idea, that failed to convince the Liberal Democrats of the need for the Higher Education (Freedom of Speech) Act.
It was not based on evidence and it was not proportionate, and the Government’s decision to halt its implementation is welcome.
However, we should take legitimate concerns seriously, and we should not ignore those that exist within Jewish communities, including in universities.
What work is the Minister undertaking to ensure that Jewish staff and students feel safe and welcome in our communities, especially in our universities?
I welcome the hon.
Gentleman’s comments and recognise much within them.