Friend after today’s session.
The A36 is a critical route between Southampton and Bath/Bristol.
A study was completed several months ago.
Given the decision on the A303 tunnel just north of Salisbury, will the appropriate Minister meet me so that we can discuss connectivity and remove the pinch-point on the Southampton Road south of Salisbury on the A36?
I would be very happy to meet the right hon.
Member to discuss that.
I pay tribute to the “Rights on Flights” campaign for the work that it is doing to improve accessibility, particularly for wheelchair users.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to improve aviation accessibility for disabled people?
I met the “Rights on Flights” campaign early on after becoming Secretary of State.
We will set out our plans to address the major issue of aviation accessibility shortly.
The last Conservative Government ringfenced funding to the West Midlands Combined Authority for the delivery of a train station in Aldridge.
Can the Secretary of State confirm that that is proceeding as planned and will be delivered by 2027, or has she signed away our ringfenced funding in favour of a wider Transport for West Midlands budget in order to support the Labour Mayor’s ideologically driven plan for bus nationalisation?
The West Midlands Mayor’s plan for bus services across the west midlands are predicated on delivering better bus services and transport across the region as a whole.
We will look into where the funding is for the Aldridge train station.
I welcome the Secretary of State’s decision to approve the new roll-on, roll-off shipping terminal at Immingham.
However, as she will be aware, it will put more pressure on the local road network, particularly the A180.
Will she bring forward improvements to the A180, particularly the removal of the concrete surfaces?
Long term, we really need the A180 to be upgraded to motorway status.
I have heard all about the A180 from the hon.
Gentleman, and from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Great Grimsby and Cleethorpes (Melanie Onn) , so I know about the issues that it is causing his constituents.
We will write to him with a National Highways update.
The town of Stratford-upon-Avon is one of the most visited locations in the UK, yet for many years we have not had a direct train to the capital.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to fix the lack of capacity in Chiltern Railways so that my constituents and visitors can travel directly and sustainably to and from London?
That sort of service and provision is exactly what the reforms around Great British Railways are designed to address.
Decisions around infrastructure and operations will be made together so that we can deliver services that make sense for the hon.
Lady’s constituents, for visitors and for the economy as a whole.
One hundred and fifty parishes in Devon wrote to Devon county council last year asking for 20 mph zones, but only six were successful.
Those that were not successful were told that they could pursue the measure through so-called “community self-delivery.”
My constituents think, “But this is what we pay our council tax for.”
Does the Secretary of State understand that?
I am very grateful for the hon.
Gentleman’s question.
It is absolutely my position that if local residents want to design and support local measures around speeding and road safety, they should be supported to do so by their local authorities.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State if she will make a statement on freedom of speech in universities.
It was a Labour Government who enshrined in law the right to freedom of expression, and it is a Labour Government who will again uphold freedom of speech and academic freedom on our university campuses—not through creating a culture war, but through working with academics, students and campaigners to get the legislation right.