Mind you, the pedigree is already there, as two of the England under-23 ladies’ team came through Broadstone middle school as classmates of my own children.
Given that Olympic trampolinist Izzy Songhurst from Broadstone, champion go-karters and winning sailors, among others, grew up in our constituency, I want to pay particular tribute to the volunteer coaches who make it possible for our children to have these opportunities, as well as to charities such as Dorset Community Foundation, which helps our athletes compete at the highest level or simply lets children take part in what they love.
Every child must be able to thrive, but our current education system stops that happening for so many young people.
We have a curriculum that crushes creativity, a SEND system that condemns children to fail, and a  grip so tight on Ofsted measures that teachers do not have the space to truly share the joy of learning.
Some of our children face an even greater battle, including children in care, young carers, children who suffer bereavement, and those with disabilities or life-limiting conditions.
We need those children to thrive too, and thanks to charities such as Become, MYTIME Young Carers, Mosaic, Diverse Abilities and Julia’s House children’s hospice, so many of them do.
But with councils facing bankruptcy and unable to deliver much in non-statutory services, and with public donations down due to the cost of living, they need action from the Government to secure proper funding.
As an MP, my voice is my power, and I will use it to fight for them, and for all who strive to improve the lives of those who feel voiceless.
I also want to send a message to people in my community who feel powerless, and to young people who are worried about the future: if you want something badly enough, keep trying.
It is possible, whatever your background, your gender and your struggles.
Like me, you might take the long route, but like my famous country “mum walks”, the long ones are where you stumble across the most interesting places and create lasting memories.
Like many people, I have a bucket list.
It has just three things on it: to run the London marathon, to earn a degree, and to represent my community as a Member of Parliament.
Well, Dad, I finally achieved one of them.
Although he is not here in the Chamber today—he is watching at home—I hope he is proud. [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”]
I still pinch myself about being in this place.
I am just a mum with four fabulous kids—Molly, Abbi, Isaac and George—and my long-suffering husband Paul.
I have an incredible team of volunteers who keep believing in me, and a community who have put their trust in me to speak up for them.
I want everyone living in Mid Dorset and North Pole, from Shitterton to Happy Bottom—yes, they are real places—and from Gaunt’s Common to Canford Heath, to know that they have a champion in me, and to know that I am committed to making the places that we all call home the best they can be.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
It is great to follow my hon.
Friend  the Member for Worsley and Eccles (Michael Wheeler) .
I congratulate everybody who has done their maiden speeches today, and this is the first time I have done it—I suppose that is why they are called maiden speeches.
I am proud to speak here for the first time, especially in this debate, as facilities in Corby were used by athletes to train for the Olympics.
Kieran Reilly, who lives in Corby, won silver at the BMX freestyle.
Adrenaline Alley was the venue he used in the constituency, a terrific venue that many use.
I am delighted to be the Member of Parliament for the constituency of Corby and East Northamptonshire.