I was until recently a councillor in Northwich, so I know at first hand how assiduously my hon.
Friend worked on behalf of his former constituents, and how highly regarded he is locally.
He certainly leaves some big shoes to fill.
Each of my predecessors would have been a worthy custodian of the constituent parts that now form Mid Cheshire, but these areas are not just names on a map—they are vibrant communities, each with its own natural beauty, rich history and promising future.
The towns of Northwich, Middlewich and Winsford were predicated on the salt industry.
From the Roman era to the industrial revolution, these towns have been shaped by the salt deposits found beneath their foundations and their strategic location at the confluence of several waterways that have been exploited to support trade, transport and our communities’ growth.
In the best tradition of British innovation, the people of Mid Cheshire have found interesting things to do with the holes in the ground after the salt has been removed.
The Adelaide mine in Northwich once hosted a banquet for Emperor Nicholas I of Russia, with over 10,000 candles illuminating the orange crystal banqueting hall, all 130 feet below the surface.
Today, the Winsford salt mine keeps the nation’s secrets, with over 33 km worth of papers from the National Archives stored safely underground, while just outside Middlewich, preparations are well under way to store the hydrogen produced by Cheshire’s Hynet project in the salt seam below.
The salt mines, canals and rivers that run through my constituency have played a pivotal role in shaping the local economy and culture and each has left an indelible mark on our landscape and identity.
But these towns are not just about salt and their storied past; today, they are thriving places that are built on resilience, innovation and community spirit.
Northwich is a vibrant town with an exciting and lively events programme.
The Now Northwich international dance and street arts extravaganza has delighted visitors with giant insects, peacocks, princesses and rainbow butterflies, while the annual Piña Colada festival, inspired by Northwich-born Rupert Holmes’s song “Escape”, which I will not provide a rendition of now, has become an important fixture of life in the town centre.
These events and dozens more like them would not be possible without the council, local businesses, rotarians and community groups all pulling together and supporting the town centre to make it the events capital of Cheshire.
There is pride in our community, with people willing it to succeed in the face of 14 years of managed decline under the previous Government.
It was in Northwich in 1933 that polythene was accidently discovered by ICI researchers, and, in Winsford today, we have companies dealing with that industrial legacy, eliminating single-use plastics and recycling them.
Indeed, Winsford is home to more than 200 innovative companies, from creators of advanced tissue-healing technologies to developers of a sophisticated AI model to keep people safe from plant and equipment on construction projects all over the world.
But the true lifeblood of Mid Cheshire lies in its people.
They are compassionate, friendly, and proud of their heritage.
They are people like Julie, Diane or Matthew, running charities to help people with Down’s syndrome, autism, and muscular dystrophy.
They are people like John, Alan or Janet, volunteering hours of their time to keep the parks and the streets of Winsford Northwich and Middlewich looking their best.
They are people like Catherine and Ant who have kept our community fed, and people like Gale and Jess who have helped more people in Winsford than I could begin to count.
They and hundreds like them are at the heart of our community.
They are the custodians of our history, and the architects of our future, and, despite the challenging times that we are facing, I am convinced that it is a future filled with promise and possibility.