Northwich rowing club’s Matt Langridge won gold at Rio in the men’s eight.
The club, which has a proud tradition of breaking the perception of rowing as an elitist sport, told me about the “Matt Langridge” effect, as more young people have taken up the sport with that club than ever before.
And this year, the awe-inspiring Poppy Maskill, from Middlewich, who was mentioned by the shadow Minister, not only swam her way to five medals, a world record and the accolade of being the most successful British athlete at this year’s Paralympics, but was given the honour of being the GB flagbearer at the closing ceremony.
I cannot leave this list without mentioning my mum, who got the running bug after I was born—I do not think the two are related—and went on to win the gold medal in the 10,000 metres at the European veterans championships in 2013.
All these athletes, and others  like them, have been an inspiration to the next generation of runners, rowers and swimmers.
It is fitting that we honour them and their achievements today.
It is a tremendous honour to have been elected to represent Mid Cheshire, and our three great and historic salt towns of Northwich, Winsford and Middlewich.
The last constituency to bear the name—back then, a two-member constituency with a strong pedigree of electing men with beards and the same surname—was abolished in 1885.
Thanks to 139 years of boundary changes, I now pay tribute to not one but four predecessors.
Mid Cheshire gained the village of Rudheath from  the right hon.
Member for Tatton (Esther McVey) , who has represented the area since 2017.
I thank her for her service.
It seems that Rudheath’s loss is Lymm’s gain, and I am sure the people of Lymm can look forward to many years of common-sense solutions to the challenges they face.
Middlewich was transferred from Congleton, formerly represented by Fiona Bruce.
She served as a Member of this House for 14 years and, prior to that, as a councillor in Warrington for six years, a remarkable 20 years of public service that is testament to Fiona’s character.
I know her former constituents appreciated her hard work and advocacy on their behalf, and her focus in Parliament on championing the right to freedom of religion and belief.
I pay tribute to her as a campaigner for better transport infrastructure in her constituency, something on which I hope to build in my time here.
I gained Winsford from the former constituency of Eddisbury, represented by Edward Timpson from 2019, who prior to that served as the Member for Crewe and Nantwich.
Edward’s outstanding work on improving the life chances of fostered children will undoubtedly shape his political legacy.
Edward said in an interview in 2014 that he would not have been Children’s Minister and he would not have been a family lawyer if his parents had not fostered.
He may no longer be a Member of Parliament, but I am certain we have not seen the last of Edward’s contribution to public life.
Finally, I pay tribute to my good friend, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Runcorn and Helsby (Mike Amesbury) , who has represented Northwich these past seven years.
Colleagues from across the House will know of his loyalty and his diligence, as well as his successful campaign from Opposition to make school uniforms cheaper for all.
He has been unfailingly kind and supportive towards me, and extremely generous with his time and sound advice.
I was until recently a councillor in Northwich, so I know at first hand how assiduously my hon.
Friend worked on behalf of his former constituents, and how highly regarded he is locally.
He certainly leaves some big shoes to fill.