I know it is not going to be easy to do that, but I am determined to make a difference.
There are issues that I want to get involved with and changes I want to see.
I want to see a difference in the world of work by making sure that work really does pay and is a route out of poverty.
I want to make a difference to give a voice to so many families with children with special educational needs who are being denied the basic right to education; every child has the right to education, and having special educational needs should not mean that they are denied that fundamental right.
The House is going to discuss dignity in dying, but there is another aspect to it that I want to talk about.
In this country, it is legal to sack a worker on the grounds of capability when they have a terminal diagnosis.
That is fundamentally wrong; we need to close that loophole and make sure that the last thing people worry about when they have such a diagnosis is the future of their job.
We should not be treating people like that and we need to make the changes accordingly.
Lastly, I want to thank my family for their support.
I am a proud father, grandfather, son and brother to a family that has always been strong in values and principles and I thank them all.
My mum could not be part of this journey here with me because she died several years ago, but I want to say her name, Patricia Eileen Lilian Barron, because now I have said her name they will write it down; it will be in Hansard so no one can erase it and a bit of her will live forever, and I am proud to be able to do that.
With much to do to make the change that we need to give people back a future that they can once again look forward to, I for one will do all I can to make it happen.
Our unity is our strength, our solidarity; that is how we will get there and I intend to make the most of the time I have in this place.
It is a pleasure to follow  the hon.
Member for North Cornwall (Ben Maguire) , who gave a passionate if controversial maiden speech.
It is also a pleasure to follow my hon.
Friend  the Member for Warrington South (Sarah Hall) , whose father-in-law is one of my predecessors as MP for Northwich.
I pay tribute to Mike Hall, whose contribution towards getting the funding we needed to stop the town sinking into a big hole of subsidence was vital.
I am grateful to you, Madam Deputy Speaker, and to the House for the opportunity to make my maiden speech in this important debate on sport, following the incredible achievements of our Olympians and Paralympians at this year’s games.
We are lucky enough to have a great record of sporting success in Mid Cheshire.
Our own Paula Radcliffe, who needs no introduction, achieved incredible feats in athletics over her long career, smashing the marathon world record.
Northwich rowing club’s Matt Langridge won gold at Rio in the men’s eight.
The club, which has a proud tradition of breaking the perception of rowing as an elitist sport, told me about the “Matt Langridge” effect, as more young people have taken up the sport with that club than ever before.
And this year, the awe-inspiring Poppy Maskill, from Middlewich, who was mentioned by the shadow Minister, not only swam her way to five medals, a world record and the accolade of being the most successful British athlete at this year’s Paralympics, but was given the honour of being the GB flagbearer at the closing ceremony.