Every year since we founded the Congressional Military Family Caucus, Co-chair McMorris Rodgers and I have hosted the Military Family Caucus Summit--alternating between Fairchild Air Force Base in Spokane, Washington, and Fort Moore in Georgia in order to give the members of America's Armed Forces, their spouses, and their children an opportunity to hear from Department of Defense leaders and subject matter experts, share their experiences and challenges, and bring forward policies that improve the quality of life for our Military Families around the world. Over the past 15 years, the Caucus has brought to the forefront numerous issues that affect our servicemembers and Military Families. Together, we have tackled issues such as food insecurity, medical care, spousal employment, family relocation challenges, childcare, and so much more. But we cannot tackle these issues without community input. The Caucus has been very successful in bringing together our Military Families and veterans, veteran service organizations, Blue Star Families, Chambers of Commerce, community activists, and more so that we can have the robust discussions that these important issues deserve. On a personal note, I will greatly miss Cathy's partnership and friendship on the Congressional Military Family Caucus, and she certainly has big shoes to fill as co-chair. During our time together in Congress, I have been inspired by her advocacy on behalf of individuals with disabilities, her dedication to our veterans and Military Families, and her commitment to statesmanship and bipartisanship in the United States Congress. And while the Congressional Military Family Caucus will continue on after her retirement, I look forward to joining her for our last Congressional Military Family Caucus Summit together in Spokane this August. Congresswoman Cathy McMorris Rodgers has accomplished so much in her life, and this was made possible by the grace of God and the love and support of her husband, Brian, as well as their three children--Cole, Grace, and Brynn. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the House of Representatives to join my wife, Vivian, and me; along with the people of her District, her state, and the American people in recognizing and commending Congresswoman Cathy McMorris Rodgers for her dedicated service to people, especially her leadership and advocacy for our Nation's Military Families. While her leadership will be greatly missed in the halls of Congress, we wish her and her family the best as she embarks upon the next chapter of her life.