I also wish to give some advice about seeking to speak in the Chamber.
I take into account a number of factors when determining who to call.
One of those is how often a Member speaks.
In other words, if you have spoken much more than colleagues, others will be called before you; I ask Jim Shannon to remember that. [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”]
I think that falls on deaf ears—[Laughter.]—but colleagues are more likely to be called in the next debate for which they apply if they missed out in the last one.
I know that it can be frustrating not to be called in a debate, or to be called very late.
Prioritising the debates, Question Times, urgent questions and statements in which you seek to participate is one way of trying to avoid that happening.
Staff in my office can always offer further advice.
It will be very frustrating for   Government Members, as there are so many of you, so remember that.
Do not take it out on my office; please blame me at any time.
Finally, I want all Members and everyone in the parliamentary community to be able to go about their work safely, both online and here in Westminster.
The security of this building and those who work here depends on us all.
We have a duty to be vigilant, and to assist those whose job it is to maintain this place as a safe place of work, but I also know that being a constituency MP is about meeting constituents and being able to represent them within our constituencies, and I take that seriously.
Two Members lost their lives not in this House but in their constituency, so whatever I can do to support you, I will.
Make sure that you follow all the security measures.
I never want to receive another phone call like those I have previously, so please look after yourselves and follow the advice.
Your families matter, your staff matter, and this House matters.
Security is at the top of my agenda.
Before moving to the first business of the new Session, I express my best wishes to all hon.
Members and all those who work in the House.
I thank all the staff who have made this transition happen; I really appreciate it.
Please, let us enjoy the next Session.
A Bill for the more effectual preventing Clandestine Outlawries was read the First time, and ordered to be read a Second time.
Before I call the Leader of the House, I can now formally announce the arrangements for the election of the Deputy Speakers.
The ballot will be held on  Tuesday 23 July  between 10 am and 1.30 pm in Committee Room 8.
Nominations must be submitted to the Table Office between 10 am and 5 pm on  Monday 22 July .
Nomination forms and an updated briefing note with information about the election are available in the Vote Office.
I call the Leader of the House to move the motion on temporary Deputy Speakers.
Ordered,
That, for the period up to the first sitting day following the election of the Deputy Speakers under  Standing Order No.
2A , Sir Edward Leigh be Chairman of Ways and Means, Dame Siobhain McDonagh be First Deputy Chairman of Ways and Means and Sir Christopher Chope be Second Deputy Chairman of Ways and Means.—(Lucy Powell.)
I have to acquaint the House that this House has this day attended His Majesty in the House of Peers, and that His Majesty was pleased to make a Most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, of which I have, for greater accuracy, obtained a copy.
I shall direct that the terms of the speech be printed in the Votes and Proceedings.
Copies are available in the Vote Office.