Gentleman in wishing Her Majesty the Queen a happy birthday.
We also wish President Trump a speedy recovery from the appalling attempt on his life at the weekend.
I spoke with President Trump on Sunday night, to pass on our best wishes and also to share our revulsion at the senseless violence which has no place in democracy.
The last time that we debated the Loyal Address and I stood at the Opposition Dispatch Box, I could see for the first time the then new plaque, now behind me, commemorating the memory of Sir David Amess.
I know how hard that loss was for Conservative Members.
Now, standing on this side of the House, I can see for the first time, in front of me, the plaque to our dear friend Jo Cox, with her words that catch the air of this Chamber even more at a moment like this: “More in Common”.
While our thoughts at this time are of course with President Trump and the American people, we cannot think that this is something that only happens elsewhere.
We must heed the words of President Biden to lower the temperature of our democracy, work across our disagreements and find each other’s common decency.
I congratulate the England football team on their achievements in the Euros, which the Leader of the Opposition and I were talking about this morning.
Yes, the trophy eluded us again, but the team can be proud of another exceptional performance—something I am sure the whole House would be only too pleased to recognise.
We pay tribute to Gareth Southgate, who shouldered the burden of national leadership with such dignity.
This Government have been elected to deliver nothing less than national renewal, to stop the chaos of the past 14 years, turn the page on an era of politics as noisy  performance, and return it to public service and start the work of rebuilding our country—a determined rebuilding, a patient rebuilding, a calm rebuilding.
It is a rejection, in this complicated and volatile world, of those who can only offer the easy answer, the snake oil charm of populism.
As the past 14 years have shown, that road is a dead end for this country.
It does nothing to fix our foundations, and the British people have rejected it, as they have throughout our history.
What people really want is change, and change is what this Government of service will deliver: a King’s Speech that takes the brakes off our economy and shows to the British people that politics can be a force for good; the vehicle for improving the lives of millions, no matter who they voted for.
This is a day when we get on with the serious business of government, yet a House with no time for levity would go against the grain of our traditions, so it was fantastic to hear my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bootle (Peter Dowd)  in such fine fettle today when he proposed the Humble Address.
He spoke with great passion, as he always does, for his constituency, which is famous, as he mentioned, for the Antony Gormley sculptures on Crosby beach.
That work of art is entitled “Another Place”: a collection of gently rusting figures for whom the tide is perpetually coming in—a solid grounding should my hon.
Friend ever consider a career in the other place.
I am sure that the House will agree that my hon.
Friend is also one of the warmest and most generous Members.
That generosity extended, ahead of a previous election, to an offer to hand-deliver Conservative leaflets—a commitment to the democratic process that should be applauded, not least because it resulted in a stonking increase in his majority for Labour.
As anyone who knows my hon.
Friend will confirm, although he does like to relax with a glass of wine and listen to Engelbert Humperdinck, for him family always comes first.