That is the great test of our times.
The fight for trust is the battle that defines our political era.
It is a task not just for the Government but for the whole Parliament.
We are all responsible for the tone and standards that we set.
I want to thank the right hon.
Gentleman, the Leader of the Opposition, because in every exchange that we have had since the election and in his words today, he has gone well beyond the usual standards of generosity.
I thank him for that.
In that spirit, this King’s Speech picks up some of the important business not concluded in the last Session.
On football governance and the reduction of smoking, we hope to proceed in a manner that recognises the previous consensus.
We will also carry forward the Holocaust Memorial Bill so that we build that memorial next to this Parliament and ensure that every generation reaffirms our commitment to “never again”.
We will also honour the promises that I and the Leader of the Opposition made to the family of Martyn Hett and all the families affected by the horrific events in Manchester that day.
Figen Murray, Martyn’s mum, walked 200 miles to tell us that Britain needs that law quickly.
I told her then that she would get that from a Labour Government, and we honour that promise today.
I am grateful for the indication of the cross-party support that we will have on that important provision, because the security of the British people is the most fundamental priority of any Government, and whether our fight is against terrorists, the vile criminal smuggling gangs that weaken our borders or foreign powers that threaten the security of this nation, we will leave no stone unturned when it comes to keeping the British people safe.
We will recognise the bravery of those on the frontline of keeping us safe with a new armed forces commissioner.
That is not just a name or a role, but a strong and independent champion for those who have committed to the ultimate service as a way in which we can show our respect.
We will also move quickly on the lessons from the infected blood scandal that the House debated in almost the final act of the last Session: a day when we—all of us—undertook a solemn responsibility not just to deliver justice to those people, but to take on the work of prevention, to ensure that those lessons shape the future of public service in our country.
Because scandals like infected blood, Windrush, Horizon and Hillsborough are united not just by the scale of the injustice, but by the indignity that the victims and their families have been put through merely for standing up for truth and justice.
So it is high time to bring in a duty of candour—the Hillsborough law—because a Government of service must also be a Government of accountability and justice.
That is what service means.
I thank the Prime Minister for giving way during his excellent speech, outlining the hope and renewal within the King’s Speech, which is much needed in constituencies such as mine, Luton North, where over 45% of children are growing up in relative poverty.
What reassurances can he give me and my constituents that he personally takes this issue seriously and that his Government will address it?
Let me reassure my hon.
Friend and the whole House that I take child poverty extremely seriously.
I am proud of the last Labour Government’s record on reducing child poverty; they clearly had a strategy, and we will have a strategy.
I am very pleased to have announced today the taskforce that will lead our strategy to reduce child poverty.
No child should grow up in poverty.
We will work across the House on that issue.