My Government will seek to strengthen the border and make streets safer.
A Bill will be introduced to modernise the asylum and immigration system, establishing a new Border Security Command and delivering enhanced counter terror powers to tackle organised immigration crime.
Legislation will be brought forward to strengthen community policing, give the police greater powers to deal with anti social behaviour and strengthen support for victims.
Measures will be introduced to improve the safety and security of public venues and help keep the British public safe from terrorism.
My Government will bring forward plans to halve violence against women and girls.
My Ministers will seek to raise educational standards and break down barriers to opportunity.
Action will be taken to get people back in employment following the impact of the pandemic.
A Bill will be introduced to raise standards in education and promote children’s wellbeing.
Measures will be brought forward to remove the exemption from Value Added Tax for private school fees, which will enable the funding of six and a half thousand new teachers.
My Government will establish Skills England which will have a new partnership with employers at its heart, and my Ministers will reform the apprenticeship levy.
Legislation will be introduced to give greater rights and protections to people renting their homes, including ending no fault evictions and reforming grounds for possession.
Draft legislation will be published on leasehold and commonhold reform.
A Bill will be introduced to establish an independent football regulator to ensure greater sustainability in the game and strengthen protections for fans.
My Government will improve the National Health Service as a service for all, providing care on the basis of need regardless of the ability to pay.
It will seek to reduce the waiting times, focus on prevention and improve mental health provision for young people.
It will ensure mental health is given the same attention and focus as physical health.
My ministers will legislate to modernise the Mental Health Act so it is fit for the twenty first century.
A Bill will be introduced to progressively increase the age at which people can buy cigarettes and impose limits on the sale and marketing of vapes.
My Ministers will also legislate to restrict advertising of junk food to children along with the sale of high caffeine energy drinks to children.
A draft Bill will be brought forward to ban conversion practices.
My Government will take steps to help rebuild trust and foster respect.
Legislation will be brought forward to introduce a duty of candour for public servants.
A Bill will be introduced to establish a statutory Armed Forces Commissioner to act as a strong independent champion for our gallant Armed Forces and their families.
Legislation on race equality will be published in draft to enshrine the full right to equal pay in law.
My Government will strengthen its work with the devolved governments in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland so that the best outcomes possible are delivered for citizens  across the United Kingdom.
My Ministers will establish a new Council of the Nations and Regions to renew opportunities for the Prime Minister, heads of devolved governments and mayors of combined authorities to collaborate with each other.
My Government will continue to support the political institutions and devolved government in Northern Ireland.
In consultation with all parties, measures will be brought forward to begin the process of repealing and replacing the Northern Ireland Troubles (Legacy and Reconciliation) Act 2023.
Measures to modernise the constitution will be introduced including House of Lords reform to remove the right of hereditary peers to sit and vote in the Lords.
My ministers will strengthen the integrity of elections and encourage wide participation in the democratic process.
The Government will propose a modernisation committee of the House of Commons which will be tasked with driving up standards, improving work practices and reforming procedures.