Measures to modernise the constitution will be introduced including House of Lords reform to remove the right of hereditary peers to sit and vote in the Lords.
My ministers will strengthen the integrity of elections and encourage wide participation in the democratic process.
The Government will propose a modernisation committee of the House of Commons which will be tasked with driving up standards, improving work practices and reforming procedures.
My Government will ensure a strong defence based on the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation’s common values of individual liberty, democracy, human rights and the rule of law.
Its commitment to NATO will remain unshakeable.
It will maintain a strong Armed Forces, including the nuclear deterrent.
To ensure that the United Kingdom’s defence capabilities are matched to the changing nature of global strategic threats, my Government will conduct a Strategic Defence Review.
My Government will continue to give its full support to Ukraine and its people and it will endeavour to play a leading role in providing Ukraine with a clear path to NATO membership.
My Government will seek to reset the relationship with European partners and work to improve the United Kingdom’s trade and investment relationship with the European Union.
My Ministers will seek a new security pact to strengthen cooperation on the mutual threats faced by the United Kingdom and the European Union.
My Government will play its part in trying to secure long term peace and security in the Middle East.
It is committed to a two state solution with a safe and secure Israel alongside a viable and sovereign Palestinian state.
Later this week, my Government will host the European Political Community meeting at Blenheim Palace.
The Queen and I look forward to our Visit to Samoa alongside the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in October, and our Visit to Australia.
Members of the House of Commons
Estimates for the public services will be laid before you.
My Lords and Members of the House of Commons
Other measures will be laid before you.
I pray that the blessing of Almighty God may rest upon your counsels.
Before I call the mover and the seconder of the debate, I want to announce the proposed pattern of debate during the remaining days on the Loyal Address: today—debate on the Address; tomorrow—foreign affairs and defence; Friday—planning, green belt and rural affairs; Monday—economy, welfare and public services; Tuesday—immigration and home affairs.
I now have the privilege to call Peter Dowd to move, and then Florence Eshalomi to second, the Address.
I beg to move,
That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, as follows:
Most Gracious Sovereign,
We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, in Parliament assembled, beg leave to offer our humble thanks to Your Majesty for the Gracious Speech which Your Majesty has addressed to both Houses of Parliament.
Happy birthday to Her Majesty the Queen today. [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.]
It is an honour to be asked to give thanks to His Majesty.
I start by congratulating you, Mr Speaker, on your election and a warm welcome to new and returning Members, including my right hon.
Friend the “late” Member for Stalybridge and Hyde (Jonathan Reynolds).
Congratulations to the Prime Minister and members of his new Government.
It is worthwhile putting into context how I came to be moving the motion on the King’s Speech this afternoon.
Last Thursday morning, I was standing outside the Library minding my own business, watching somewhat bewildered hon.
Members wandering up and down the corridors, tentatively putting their heads into the odd room that may or may not have been a broom cupboard.
And they were actually the returning Members! [
Laughter.]
I cannot imagine what it must have been like for the hundreds of new Members.
It brought back memories of when I undertook similar meanderings in the corridors of power.