I will not go into too much detail on that because it has already been well covered, but energy poverty is a critical issue for many families throughout the highlands and Moray.
Bringing in a social tariff, for example, would certainly make a big difference to families right across the highlands.
Other predecessors have included several well-known parliamentarians.
Labour Members will, I am sure, be pleased to know that my constituency is the birthplace of Ramsay MacDonald, and it has also been represented very ably by several notable SNP MPs over the years.
One of the most famous was Winnie Ewing, who reconvened the Scottish Parliament in 1999 and also represented the area in the Scottish Parliament, in this place and in Europe.
Her daughter-in-law, Margaret Ewing, was an assiduous campaigner on poverty issues and will be well known to older members of the House—or longer-serving Members of the House is perhaps more parliamentary.
More recently there was Angus Robertson, who led the party in this place for a good number of years and is now a Cabinet Secretary in the Scottish Government.
We can take a quick stroll through Moray West, Nairn and Strathspey.
It goes from the white sands of Lossiemouth, Burghead and Nairn right up to the Cairngorms peaks.
It has the city of Elgin in it, which has now been established as a cathedral city for 800 years; it is celebrating the 800th anniversary of the cathedral being established there.
The constituency has the Speyside towns of Rothes, Aberlour and Dufftown.
Dufftown, of course, is built on seven stills rather than seven hills.
In the Badenoch and Strathspey towns we get Grantown, Aviemore, Newtonmore and Kingussie among others.
We have surfing, skiing and mountain biking.
There is a mountain railway, and we have a national park and a major wildlife park with everything from pine martens to polar bears.
Moving back up to the coast, in Ardersier we have the green freeport.
The Scottish Government have worked closely with the UK Government on that, and I am sure they will continue to do so.
The green freeport is incredibly important to us in Moray West, Nairn and Strathspey.
It is projected to have 3,500 jobs within 10 years, and it will be vital for just transition.
That will need careful scrutiny over the coming years.
Tourism, the labour market and affordable housing are major issues, particularly in the Badenoch and Strathspey area.
Businesses have difficulty with staffing.
They are often open only four or five days instead of seven.
There is not really any significant unemployment—it is about 2% to 3%.
There may be some room for getting more employment from the local labour market, but fundamentally the biggest impact on the labour market there has been Brexit.
Immigration in that part of the world is a really significant issue, in that there is not enough of it.
We have difficulty staffing care homes, the NHS and many businesses, which are fighting over the same labour population.
We have iconic food, drink and fashion brands, including Walker’s Shortbread and Baxters, not to mention the 49 distilleries that produce malt whisky and the numerous other distilleries that produce gin and vodka.
There are also a number of breweries.
We contribute extremely significantly to the Exchequer, and it is really important that we get some of that back.
We also have three military bases.
Fort George currently hosts the Black Watch—the 3rd Battalion, Royal Regiment of Scotland.
Kinloss barracks is home to 39 Engineer Regiment, and RAF Lossiemouth is home to Typhoon, Poseidon and arriving Wedgetail squadrons.
The welfare of service personnel and veterans is absolutely vital, and it is something I will raise frequently in the House.
Civilian aerospace and space are the other major emerging sectors.
Orbex in Forres employs well over 100 people, and it will be doing vertical launches from Sutherland and the SaxaVord spaceport.
The right hon.