Civilian aerospace and space are the other major emerging sectors.
Orbex in Forres employs well over 100 people, and it will be doing vertical launches from Sutherland and the SaxaVord spaceport.
The right hon.
Member for Orkney and Shetland (Mr Carmichael)  will have to forgive me, but its headquarters are, in fact, in Moray West, Nairn and Strathspey.
Finally there is agriculture.
Crofters and hill farmers based in Badenoch and Strathspey in the Cairngorms national park face particular challenges.
We also have arable and the pork sector in the laich of Moray, where there are again employment challenges that need to be tackled.
Moray West, Nairn and Strathspey is the fifth largest constituency, and it takes more than two hours to drive end to end, but what a drive it is—I would recommend it to anybody.
I look forward to representing the people living and working the length and breadth of my constituency.
I agree wholeheartedly.
The work that the right hon.
Member and I carried out throughout the last Parliament is an example of how we can work co-operatively with Members of opposite parties and find those issues on which we can serve our constituents well.
He joins us at an opportune moment, as I am about to talk about an issue that is close to his heart.
My final urgent request of the Government is one of moral duty: to recognise, support and compensate our nuclear testing veterans and their families.
These are the men who put their lives at risk in dangerous atomic weapons tests to ensure our long-term security.
For decades, campaigners, Labrats, veterans and their families, and the indefatigable Susie Boniface have been fighting for recognition for these heroes.
They have highlighted scientific studies that show increased rates of miscarriage, increased birth defects, and the same rate of genetic damage as clean-up workers at Chernobyl.
Of course, the campaigners take pride in the fact that the Defence Secretary and the Prime Minister met them when Labour was in opposition, and supported their  campaign to receive the long overdue recognition they deserve.
But despite winning the campaign for medallic recognition, the UK sadly still remains the only nuclear power that refuses them adequate compensation, research and support, unlike the US, France, Canada and Australia.
Medal criteria are very limited, there has not been a formal recognition event and even access to war pensions has been impeded.
Veterans, and sometimes their wives, widows and descendants, have reported making repeated requests to gain access to their blood or urine testing records from samples the veterans recall being taken during the nuclear testing programmes.
Sadly, many confirm that their service medical records frequently do not include the test results, and they just do not understand why.
The data is vital for their war pension applications and for understanding the conditions they suffer, but sadly the absence of such records means that many veterans’ war pension applications are refused.
I want to place on record my thanks to hon.
Members right across the House who have continued to support these veterans, particularly  the right hon.
Member for South Holland and The Deepings (Sir John Hayes) , who has worked closely with me and campaigners in recent years.
This week, we have both written to the Defence Secretary and the Minister for Veterans and People, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham Selly Oak (Al Carns) , requesting that they urgently meet us, veterans and campaigners, and work with us to deal with their concerns.
We hope that is made an urgent priority, because ultimately the Government can and should deliver justice for these families, and now is the right time to do so.
Thank you, Mr Deputy Speaker, for calling me to make my first speech as part of this important debate.
First, may I thank  the right hon.
Member for Herne Bay and Sandwich (Sir Roger Gale)  for his contribution?