Brighton is also a special place because it has been at the heart of the green movement in England and Wales, and that continued when our own, beloved Caroline Lucas won the seat for the Green party in 2010.
Caroline held the seat through three further elections, leaving a 14-year legacy that I look up to as a shining mountain to climb, as I take my very first steps here today.
As well as being an excellent constituency MP, of the many ways in which Caroline influenced policy, I was most  charmed by her success in working with the nature writer Mary Colwell to win a new GCSE in natural history.
Helping to inspire and train up a generation of new David Attenboroughs is a real national service.
Most impressive has been Caroline’s steadfast and long-standing opposition to threats to the public’s right to protest.
Caroline lived that principle and through it played a key role in ending fracking in the UK.
I know that all of us sitting here today are humbly aiming to live up to the high standards, values and work ethic that she represented, and to serve here with the same energy and enthusiasm.
It is those principles that will guide my work as an MP, as well as some of my own values and enthusiasms.
People who know my work in other places will be aware that listening to and supporting young people is something I feel very strongly about.
With huge pleasure, I commend to the House the incredible work of Brighton and Hove Citizens, which has just won a huge campaigning victory with a beautiful example of raising up and empowering young people and their voices to make change happen.
With schools across Brighton and Hove working with colleges, religious groups, workers, universities and the charity sector, Brighton and Hove Citizens has this year won a big new commitment from the council.
After a long and engaging campaign, sixth formers Fi Abou-Chanad and Tally Wilcox presented a 2,000 signature-strong petition and won a pledge for hundreds of young people in Brighton schools to benefit from investment in mental health support and counselling.
That is just one group of young people among many inspiring organisations across our country that I cannot wait to hear more about in this job.
They include Green New Deal Rising, the UK Youth Climate Coalition, YoungMinds, People & Planet, the National Society of Apprentices, the National Union of Students and many more.
Young people should have a louder voice wherever decisions are being made, not just when they organise.
I am therefore disappointed to see no specific Bill in today’s list removing barriers to voting for young people, including voter ID and age limits for elections to this House and English local councils that do not apply in Wales and Scotland.
Our 16 and 17-year-olds, and our young people, need a real voice and need those measures in this Parliament.
I hope that, when we debate the Bills put forward in today’s King’s Speech, the voices of young people are sought out and listened to, and that many changes and additions are made where they are needed most, including removing the two-child benefit cap.
I am grateful for the patience of hon.
Members in listening to me.
I greatly look forward to seeing the impact of the young voices I plan to raise up in this Chamber being granted the same attention and respect.
Thank you for calling me to speak, Mr Deputy Speaker.
I am grateful for the opportunity to make my  maiden speech during this important debate.
Like others, I wish to congratulate all those who have spoken before me, particularly those who made their maiden speeches, not least  the hon.
Member for York Outer (Mr Charters)  whose contribution was very substantial.
I am originally from the village of Dunloy in the north-east of Ireland.