Thank you, Mr Deputy Speaker, for calling me.
I congratulate the hon.
Members for Moray West, Nairn and Strathspey (Graham Leadbitter), for Bolton North East (Kirith Entwistle), for Wolverhampton West (Warinder Juss) and for Southport (Patrick Hurley) on making excellent maiden speeches today.
I am so honoured to be here in this historic Chamber today as part of a brand-new group of Green colleagues, who I must now call my honourable Friends.
We are very pleased today to hear a wide range of new Bills being proposed.
We welcome some measures.
Some we will seek to improve and some we will seek to change or add to.
Listening to people in my constituency during the election, it was hard not to be affected by the strength of public feeling and distress about the climate emergency and the degradation of our natural environment, and by the huge desire to defend social justice and public services.
This Parliament must seek to deliver for them.
This is my maiden speech; I stand here thanks to the votes and values of the fantastic people of Brighton Pavilion.
They have put their trust in me and the Green party, and for that I extend my heartfelt thanks and appreciation.
Brighton has always been a truly special place, from its origins as a fishing village and Roman villa complex, to its Regency and railway booms, with its huge sense of spirit and a warm welcome to every visitor to our famous beach.
But Brighton has always been so much more than a seaside resort.
The richness and variety of our culture and entertainment is legendary.
From Victorian innovation, through the 1960s of my parents and my own decade of youth in the far away 1990s, to the present day, our music, theatre, comedy and literary traditions have always blended with cutting-edge, creative and exciting counter- culture movements to reflect and enrich the modern world.
Our cultural richness has survived, strived, struggled and then thrived through many turbulent times, not least the recent pandemic, and I am confident it will continue to do so for many centuries to come.
I am proud that the latest census confirms that nowadays my city is home to one of the UK’s largest populations of LGBT+ people, and that we host the biggest and best Pride celebrations, including Europe’s largest Trans Pride, which will be this weekend.
Brighton and Hove is a welcoming city in so many ways, and I am very proud we are a city of sanctuary, committed to a culture of hospitality and welcome for those seeking refuge from war and persecution.
Brighton Pavilion has a history of dedicated, long-serving MPs.
From its first election as a single-member constituency in 1950, it was represented until 1969 by Sir William Burke Teeling, an Irish writer and self-described “amateur tramp”, who walked from London to Newcastle to explore how councils were tackling unemployment.
Our MP was then Julian Amery for 23 years and Derek Spencer for five years, before David Lepper served in this House as a highly-respected and hardworking MP for 13 years.
And, of course, I have one of the easiest and most pleasurable jobs among new MPs in paying tribute to my immediate predecessor.
Brighton is also a special place because it has been at the heart of the green movement in England and Wales, and that continued when our own, beloved Caroline Lucas won the seat for the Green party in 2010.
Caroline held the seat through three further elections, leaving a 14-year legacy that I look up to as a shining mountain to climb, as I take my very first steps here today.
As well as being an excellent constituency MP, of the many ways in which Caroline influenced policy, I was most  charmed by her success in working with the nature writer Mary Colwell to win a new GCSE in natural history.