Member for Hayes and Harlington (John McDonnell) .
But what about the contribution from  the right hon.
Member for Islington North (Jeremy Corbyn)  when he said, “No ifs, no buts, just do it.”?
It is simply not good enough for the people of Scotland, an energy rich nation, to pay so much to heat their homes while so many of their bairns are living in absolute poverty.
I will be focusing on this issue over the course of this Parliament.
I will seek to defend the interests of our farming and fishing industries, to protect our public services and to help realise the potential of renewable energy and carbon capture to deliver jobs and economic growth.
But, above all, I shall be a voice for the weak and the disadvantaged.
After 14 years of austerity, we need a change of direction, not more of the same.
I wish to make special mention of the WASPI women who have been so unfairly treated by successive Governments, and who deserve compensation.
To conclude, I thank the people of my constituency for their support at the ballot box, my colleagues in the SNP and in other parties, and the various members of House staff on the Westminster estate, who have been so welcoming and helpful on my arrival and during my induction.
Finally—and Members would not expect me to say anything less—I will be working hard in this place and elsewhere to press the case for the people of Scotland to be afforded their democratic rights to determine their own future.
It is an honour to have been elected to represent Moray West, Nairn and Strathspey, which is something of an amalgam of a couple of previous constituencies.
First, I would like to thank the electorate of the constituency for sending me to this place to represent them and for putting their trust in me for the years to come.
On my arrival here, an amazing job has been done by the House staff, the Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority and others, and I cannot thank them enough for the welcome that they have provided us as new MPs.
I have a number of predecessors that I need to thank, not least because it is nearly two constituencies rolled into one.
First of all there is Douglas Ross, who represented  Moray for the Conservatives for several recent years.
We were not very close on the political spectrum, it has to be said, but there were a number of occasions where we did come together across parties for the benefit of the constituency and the wider region, notably in the achievement of the growth deal for Moray and to maximise the spend that we got on that.
I am sure the official Opposition would also want to thank him for his service in the Scotland Office.
My predecessor in Inverness, Nairn, Badenoch and Strathspey was Drew Hendry, who was a regular contributor from the Scottish National party Benches.
He represented us as an Opposition spokesperson on the economy, trade, foreign affairs, business, enterprise and investment, and transport over several terms as an MP for that area.
He was also an assiduous campaigner on energy poverty, which is a particular issue for the highlands and islands and in Moray.
I hope that energy regulation is one of the areas that the Government’s commission on poverty will look at very seriously.
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Aberdeen South (Stephen Flynn) , the leader of the SNP in this place, mentioned the two-child cap.
I will not go into too much detail on that because it has already been well covered, but energy poverty is a critical issue for many families throughout the highlands and Moray.
Bringing in a social tariff, for example, would certainly make a big difference to families right across the highlands.
Other predecessors have included several well-known parliamentarians.