But for millions of working people, real change will not come without action on housing.
That is why I welcome the Deputy Prime Minister’s plans to build 1.5 million new homes across the country, including a new wave of council houses, like the one that gave me and my family security.
I still remember that daily commute from a B&B in King’s Cross, and the excitement on my mum’s face when we received the keys to permanent housing—we no longer had to lug our belongings around in black bin bags.
Sadly, in 2024, that is still the case for so many people.
Vauxhall and Camberwell Green is also home to a high number of young people, many of whom are private renters.
The power that section 21 gives immoral landlords to evict tenants for no reason is an outrage.
I am glad that the Government will finally ban no-fault evictions for good.
Lastly, I am proud to be an advocate for the eradication of HIV and AIDS—an issue on which we have made so much progress recently.
Alongside my fellow co-chairs of the all-party parliamentary group on HIV and AIDS, in November last year I had the honour of hosting a reception in Mr Speaker’s House to thank Sir Elton John for his work in this field over the last 40 years.
It was a fantastic event, at which our new Prime Minister reaffirmed his commitment to ending new HIV transmissions in the UK by 2030.
It also means that today’s royal event is the second in the last 12 months at which I have had the privilege of speaking—because we can all agree that Sir Elton is music royalty!
This Parliament sees a large churn of MPs, so may I take this opportunity to congratulate and welcome new Members?
Don’t worry if you get lost; I have been here almost five years and I still get lost.
My one piece of advice is this: make sure you know where Westminster Hall is, because you will always find  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon)  there, on hand to point you in the right direction—after he has finished speaking in whatever debate is going on that day!
Although it was wonderful seeing so many Labour MPs winning on  4 July , it was mixed with a slight sadness that we had to say goodbye to colleagues who worked across the House for their constituents with great dedication.
Although I am delighted to see my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cities of London and Westminster (Rachel Blake)  in her place on these Benches, I want to refer to the important work I did with her predecessor, my friend Nickie Aiken.
As the two MPs responsible for Westminster bridge, we worked together in the last Parliament to commemorate the horrific 2017 Westminster bridge attack, in which six people sadly lost their lives, including the late PC Keith Palmer, and to improve the safety of a very busy and active part of London.
Nickie also worked tirelessly to ensure that the Pedicabs (London) Act 2024 was brought into law, despite the persistent objections of  the hon.
Member for Christchurch (Sir Christopher Chope) , which I am sure many new Members will also get used to.
I also pay tribute to the outgoing Father of the House, Sir Peter Bottomley.
I remember, as a new MP, walking into a meeting of the all-party parliamentary group on votes at 16.
The room was buzzing with excitement, energy and all these young people, and—to my surprise—Sir Peter was in the chair; he really proved that age is just a number.
I must mention my good friend and former constituency neighbour, the new Baroness Harriet Harman.
Her 42 years in office blazed a trail for the rights of women in politics and wider society.
When Harriet was elected, just 3% of MPs were women; that figure now stands at 40%.