The hon.
Lady’s story is truly an inspirational one.
To go from caring for her mother as a teenager to being a Member of this House shows what is possible in our country.
But the online abuse that she has received—an experience that is far too common in this House—shows one of the challenges facing our democracy.
The intimidation that some candidates received in this election, both physical and digital, was completely unacceptable and is a threat to our electoral process.
There can be no excuse for threats of physical violence or intimidatory protests outside politicians’ homes.
The hon.
Lady will have been picked to second the Loyal Address because the Whips Office has her down as one who will go far.
May I offer some words of advice to Labour Members?
On the Government Benches, life comes at you fast.
Soon, you might be fortunate enough to be tapped on the shoulder and offered a junior ministerial role.
Then, you will find yourself attending Cabinet, and then in the Cabinet.
Then, when the Prime Minister’s position becomes untenable, you might end up being called to the highest office, and before you know it, you have a bright future behind you and are left wondering whether you can credibly be an elder statesman at the age of 44. [
Laughter.]
It is right to begin by congratulating the Prime Minister on his decisive victory in the election.
He deserves the good will of us all in this House as he takes on the most demanding of jobs in the increasingly uncertain world in which we now live.
The Labour party has successfully tapped into the public’s desire for change, but it must now deliver change, and we in the Opposition will hold it accountable for delivering on the commitments that it made to the British people.
In the national interest, we will not oppose for the sake of it, but when we disagree with the Government, it is our responsibility as the Opposition to say so.
What will guide us will be our principles: sound public finances; a belief that people know how to spend their own money better than Governments do, and that private enterprise, not state intervention, is the key to delivering growth and prosperity; public services that work for those who need them; an education system that gives everyone the best start in life; secure borders; and a strong national defence.
I welcome the Government’s decision to bring forward Martyn’s law.
I am sure that the Prime Minister will find, as I did, that one of the most humbling parts of the job is seeing people whose lives have been touched by tragedy not turn to anger or bitterness, but campaign to ensure that other families do not have to endure the same pain.
I particularly commend Figen Murray for her work to get this law on to the statute book.
I can assure her that this measure will command consensus in this House, and we will work with the Government to make sure that it becomes law as soon as possible.
I am also glad that the Government will continue with plans for a smokefree generation.
I know there are deeply held views on both sides of this issue, and I have deep respect for those—especially on my own Benches—who disagree with me on this question.
Measures that end access to products are never easy, but I believe that ensuring that our children can be the first generation that does not have to suffer the false choice between quitting smoking and not, because they will have never started, is a truly worthy aim.
It will make us a healthier, fairer country where people live longer and better lives.
The first duty of Government is the defence of the realm, and we are fortunate in our country to be protected by armed forces who are unrivalled in the world for their professionalism, bravery and skill.