I must mention my good friend and former constituency neighbour, the new Baroness Harriet Harman.
Her 42 years in office blazed a trail for the rights of women in politics and wider society.
When Harriet was elected, just 3% of MPs were women; that figure now stands at 40%.
While there is some way to go, that rise is a testament to Harriet’s unending work and drive never to take no for an answer.
While I am daunted to have the responsibility of representing parts of her former constituency in Camberwell Green, I could not have had a better example to learn from.
My pledge to her and my new constituents is that I will do my best to carry on her legacy and be a strong voice in Parliament for those communities.
Lastly, I cannot think of a more fitting replacement as the Mother of the House than my good friend, our auntie, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Hackney North and Stoke Newington (Ms Abbott) .
She was elected when I was just six years old, and seeing her in the media, making the voice of black women heard in Parliament, gave me the confidence that I could stand here and ensure people in my community had a voice in the decisions that impacted them.
I say to her, “We stand on your shoulders, and we respect and salute you.
Thank you.”
I welcome the Government’s plan to introduce draft race equalities legislation to build on that work, and I look forward to working with Ministers to develop it.
We should not underestimate the difficulties that both Baroness Harman and my right hon.
Friend have gone through to make their voices heard, or the challenges  they face even now, but their trailblazing examples mean that those of us elected today face fewer challenges in representing our communities, and we have more friends to go through those challenges with.
Because of them, Mr Speaker, a black working-class girl from a south London estate can stand before you today with the honour of seconding this Loyal Address.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
Before I turn to the Address, I am sure the whole House would like to join me in paying tribute to His Majesty the King.
It is typical of his dedication to duty that, despite the medical challenges he has faced, he was here today to open Parliament and will travel to the Commonwealth Heads of Government meeting in Samoa and to Australia this autumn.
The King is a true model of public service.
I know the Prime Minister will value his audiences with His Majesty as much as I did.
We all recognise that the King is aided by the constant support of Her Majesty the Queen, and I know the whole House will join me in wishing her a very happy birthday.
Today we also pay tribute to Tony Lloyd.
Tony served the people of Greater Manchester for 45 years, and for 36 of those as a Member of this House.
He was a great parliamentarian, kind and wise.
His family should have enormous pride in the contribution he made to this place and to the community he loved and served.
They are in all our thoughts today.
I welcome all new Members to their places.
Being elected as a Member of Parliament is a great honour and a great responsibility.
We serve our communities and our United Kingdom.
I know, whatever our political differences might be, we are all motivated by a desire to make life better for our constituents and to make our country stronger.
I know the whole House will join me in deploring the assassination attempt on President Trump.
Our thoughts are with the victims.
Violence and intimidation have no place in the democratic process.
I commend the proposer of the Address on his excellent speech.
I know the whole House will agree that  the hon.