That generosity extended, ahead of a previous election, to an offer to hand-deliver Conservative leaflets—a commitment to the democratic process that should be applauded, not least because it resulted in a stonking increase in his majority for Labour.
As anyone who knows my hon.
Friend will confirm, although he does like to relax with a glass of wine and listen to Engelbert Humperdinck, for him family always comes first.
The Leader of the Opposition referred to my hon.
Friend’s daughter, and growing up he was cared for by his four sisters.
Now, he is never happier than when he is with his grandchildren, who are convinced that he knows Mary Poppins personally—a belief that, I note, he has never discouraged.
He has been a tremendous servant to our family—the Labour family—and we thank him for his outstanding speech today.
The address was seconded by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Vauxhall and Camberwell Green (Florence Eshalomi) .
It was a fitting tribute for a royal occasion, as I am told that she is known as “Queen Flo” on Instagram.
The House will know her as a tireless champion for her community, as well as a founding member of one of our most vital affiliates: the Labour friends of karaoke.
In fact, I am reliably told that Queen Flo does a mean Queen Bee, which we look forward to hearing at Labour conference.
Truly, it was a fantastic speech—another demonstration that my hon.
Friend is a shining example of our movement.
She was a young carer when growing up, and is a fighter for their causes, on AIDS and HIV, on the health inequalities that still deliver poorer outcomes for black women, and on sickle cell, which her late mum suffered from.
I know what it is like to watch your mum move in and out of hospital as a child, so I respect and admire the way my hon.
Friend now champions young people from poorer households and fights for the opportunities that they deserve.
Perhaps most powerfully of all, my hon.
Friend has spoken about her own experience of arriving at the scene of a stabbing, and has rightly demanded that we never allow ourselves to become desensitised to the tragedy of knife crime.
As a fellow inner-London MP, I know how much this is hurting our city, as it is hurting towns and cities across the country.
I know how much potential is lost, and how many families fear that their child could be next.
So be under no doubt: turning the tide on this violence is absolutely central—a key mission that this Government of service will take on.
Both speeches were in the finest traditions of this House.
Let me follow the Leader of the Opposition and mark the passing of our colleagues in the traditional way.
Since the last Gracious Speech, the Labour party has lost a stalwart of our movement with the passing of Tony Lloyd, who served, in 36 years of distinction, the communities of Rochdale, Manchester Central and Stretford.
I had the chance to speak to Tony just days before he left us, when he was leaving hospital to go home.
He knew that it was for the last time and that he would not see a day like this.
Without being partisan, I can tell you that he would have loved to have seen the House set up as it is today.
He would have told us, using his experience, to use every precious moment that we have to serve those communities that he held so dear.
That is what he stood for: the best of our movement.
He was a champion of politics as a force for good.
That is the great test of our times.
The fight for trust is the battle that defines our political era.
It is a task not just for the Government but for the whole Parliament.