I have to acquaint the House that this House has this day attended His Majesty in the House of Peers, and that His Majesty was pleased to make a Most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, of which I have, for greater accuracy, obtained a copy.
I shall direct that the terms of the speech be printed in the Votes and Proceedings.
Copies are available in the Vote Office.
The Gracious Speech was as follows:
My Lords and Members of the House of Commons,
My Government will govern in service to the country.
My Government’s legislative programme will be mission led and based upon the principles of security, fairness and opportunity for all.
Stability will be the cornerstone of my Government’s economic policy and every decision will be consistent with its fiscal rules.
It will legislate to ensure that all significant tax and spending changes are subject to an independent assessment by the Office for Budget Responsibility.
Bills will be brought forward to strengthen audit and corporate governance, alongside pension investment.
Securing economic growth will be a fundamental mission.
My Government will seek a new partnership with both business and working people and help the country move on from the recent cost of living challenges by prioritising wealth creation for all communities.
My Ministers will establish an Industrial Strategy Council.
It is my Government’s objective to see rising living standards in all nations and regions in the United Kingdom.
My Ministers will get Britain building, including through planning reform, as they seek to accelerate the delivery of high quality infrastructure and housing.
They will also pursue sustainable growth by encouraging investment in industry, skills and new technologies.
My Government is committed to making work pay and will legislate to introduce a new deal for working people to ban exploitative practices and enhance employment rights.
It will seek to establish the appropriate legislation to place requirements on those working to develop the most powerful artificial intelligence models.
My Government believes that greater devolution of decision making is at the heart of a modern dynamic economy and is a key driver of economic growth and my Ministers will introduce an English Devolution Bill.
Legislation will be introduced to give new powers to metro mayors and combined authorities.
This will support local growth plans that bring economic benefit to communities.
A Bill will be introduced to allow local leaders to take control of their local bus services.
My Ministers will bring forward legislation to improve the railways by reforming rail franchising, establishing Great British Railways and bringing train operators into public ownership.
Taken together these policies will enhance Britain’s position as a leading industrial nation and enable the country to take advantage of new opportunities that can promote growth and wealth creation.
My Government recognises the urgency of the global climate challenge and the new job opportunities that can come from leading the development of the technologies of the future.
It is committed to a clean energy transition which will lower energy bills for consumers over time.
A Bill will be introduced to set up Great British Energy, a publicly owned clean power company headquartered in  Scotland, which will help accelerate investment in renewable energy such as offshore wind.
Legislation will be brought forward to help the country achieve energy independence and unlock investment in energy infrastructure.
A Bill will be introduced to support sustainable aviation fuel production.
My Government recognises the need to improve water quality and a Bill will be introduced to strengthen the powers of the water regulator.
My Government will seek to strengthen the border and make streets safer.
A Bill will be introduced to modernise the asylum and immigration system, establishing a new Border Security Command and delivering enhanced counter terror powers to tackle organised immigration crime.
Legislation will be brought forward to strengthen community policing, give the police greater powers to deal with anti social behaviour and strengthen support for victims.