So I am proud of my communities and their history, and I want the content of the Gracious Speech to be part of their future.
As much as I would like to think that the Bootle constituency having the largest majority in the country, so I am told, is down to my character, charm and charisma —[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”]—which are well known to my colleagues, I really know that it is down to the ambitious programme trailed in the general election campaign and now formally set out in the Gracious Speech.
I welcome a legislative programme based on security, fairness and opportunity for all, on investment, stability and reform—that is not a reference to the Members opposite—and, above all, on service to our communities, our constituencies and our country.
It is about securing economic growth, raising living standards and getting Britain building again with planning reform and quality infrastructure, recognising the challenges of climate change and harnessing technology and the clean energy transition.
Great British Energy advancing investment into renewable energy is fundamental.
If you like, Mr Speaker, it is a new social contract that delivers attainment in education, challenges antisocial behaviour, refreshes support for victims of crime, protects our borders, enhances renters’ rights, offers a new deal for working people and reinvigorates our NHS, among many other proposals.
A renewed local democratic settlement through the devolution proposals set out in the Gracious Speech is welcome.
In short, Westminster and Whitehall do not always know best.
On a day-to-day basis, I am looking forward to getting back to work, especially with new Members—the hundreds of them.
I will continue to work on the various all-party parliamentary groups with which I am involved.
The Gracious Speech includes proposals for a Bill to champion our armed forces and their families, with families being the key element in those proposals.
I use that as a prompt to mention the armed forces APPG, of which I am a member.
As an associate member of my local Crosby Royal Naval Association, I have links with local veterans, of whom there are over 12,000 in my constituency.
In addition, members of my family have been in the armed forces, and my mother and grandmother both received war widows’ pensions for decades, so the least I can do is participate in the armed forces APPG.
In the last year, I have participated in the armed forces parliamentary scheme with the RAF cohort, until that was so rudely interrupted by the general election.
While I am always impressed by inter-service collaboration, I am even more impressed by the rivalry between the services.
Before I bring a veil down on this part of my contribution, I want to relate to the House an anecdote—just one of many I could relate since participating in the scheme—about the nonchalant and insouciant rivalry between the services.
When a Member joins the scheme—and it is well worth joining—they will be asked to go to the Wellington barracks, nearby, to be measured up for a uniform.
When I arrived, I was led through the barracks to the stores.
My conversation with a member of personnel who, it must be noted, was from the army went as follows:
“Good morning, sir.
How can I help you?”
“Good morning.
I’m here to be measured up for a uniform.”
“And which service will you be with serving with, sir?”
“The Royal Air Force.”
“In that case, sir, you’ll be needing a set of silk pyjamas and a smoking jacket.”
[Laughter.]
They fit like a dream, Mr Speaker.
Our country faces so many challenges and I believe the wide-ranging proposals in the King’s Speech will go a good deal of the way to tackling those challenges, both at home and abroad.
Only on Saturday evening, I was at a function for one of my local charities, Sefton Women and Children’s Aid, at Liverpool FC’s Anfield stadium, which was a real stretch as I am an Everton supporter.