The Government have set out plans to change the planning system.
We will of course study those thoroughly as well, as we all wish to see more homes built and the planning process speeded up.
However, I would say that a system that does not allow local people to have a say will damage public consent for more housing in the long term.
I regret that there was no mention in the King’s Speech of farming and rural communities, much like my own, but I hope in time that the Government will bring forward proposals.
Turning to net zero, this country has decarbonised quicker than any other major country, and we have managed to do that while growing the economy.
As a country and across this whole House, I know we will all be proud of that achievement.
The Government plan to decarbonise the grid by 2030, but there is a real danger that, if the Government put the speed of doing that ahead of family finances and our energy security, we will again lose public consent for the measures necessary to ensure that we actually reach our 2050 net zero target —a target on which there is genuine consensus between our two parties.
As even one of the Prime Minister’s own supporters has warned, this 2030 plan
“just means we have to import our energy.
Strategically we become more vulnerable.
We pay more money for our energy.”
I hope that the Energy Secretary reflects on those thoughts.
Lastly, the Government have set out plans for reforms to the other place.
Looking at the Government Benches, there can be no doubt about their ability to get them through this House, but the effects of the changes will last long beyond this Parliament and long beyond our tenures in these jobs.
I would suggest that, when it comes to constitutional reform, it would be good to proceed on a cross-party basis, rather than to use a simple majority in this House to push things through.
That consensus should include the Cross Benchers, whose convenor would be removed by the Government’s proposals.
I also suspect that the public would prefer the Government to prioritise practical, real-world issues over constitutional wrangling.
However, I welcome the news that the Government have paused their plan to force Members of the other place to retire at 80.
That proposal always felt like it would be a blunt instrument.
Indeed, in the Dissolution honours, the Prime Minister nominated, rightly, the former right hon.
Member for Derby South, who will be a strong addition to the other place, despite the right hon.
Lady being already over the retirement age that the Labour manifesto proposed.
Let me close by saying that we of course recognise that the British people have entrusted the Labour party with the task of governing our country.
On our side of the House, we will fulfil our duties, as the loyal Opposition, professionally and effectively.
Across this House, we are all, first and foremost, patriots.
We all wish to see our country and our people flourish and succeed.
In that spirit, I wish the new Prime Minister and the new Government well.
I now call the Prime Minister.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I join the Leader of the Opposition in his tribute to His Majesty the King.
It is so heartening to see him in his rightful place, delivering the Gracious Speech.
I am sure that the whole House will not mind once again wishing him a speedy recovery.
I also join the right hon.
Gentleman in wishing Her Majesty the Queen a happy birthday.
We also wish President Trump a speedy recovery from the appalling attempt on his life at the weekend.
I spoke with President Trump on Sunday night, to pass on our best wishes and also to share our revulsion at the senseless violence which has no place in democracy.