The privilege is there to ensure that our constituents can be represented by us without fear or favour.
It is an obligation upon all of us to exercise the privilege responsibly.
It is incumbent on Members to be accurate in what they say in this House and to correct any mistakes as soon as possible.
All Members can now submit written correspondence directly to Hansard to amend errors of fact in their contributions, as well as being able to correct the record by a point of order.
The Speaker does not have the power to police the accuracy of Members’ contributions—if only I could—and I reflect that to the media, as well.
On courtesy and temperate language, I draw the House’s attention to the guidance on rules of behaviour and courtesies in this House of Commons.
Members must be mindful of the impact of what we say not only  on other Members, but on others who follow our proceedings.
Members should be heard courteously, whatever their views.
In particular, Members should address the Chair, rather than each other directly, and I say to hon.
Gentlemen, please wear a tie or you just might not catch my eye.
Members should remain in the Chamber for at least the next two speeches, or in Question Time, for two substantive questions after their own.
Show respect to other Members.
Of course, I understand that new Members may need a bit of time to familiarise themselves with the conventions and courtesies of the House, and I will take that into account when I am in the Chair, but I urge every Member to study the guidance carefully.
The use of mobile phones in this House is a privilege.
Please try to think about when you need them and when you use them.
Members should be able to ask a question without reading it.
Let us show the ability of this House.
Let us show what we can do by working together.
As I say, new Members will need a bit of time, and I will work with all new Members and take that into account when I am in the Chair, but I urge every Member to study the guidance.
Please read it.
If any advice is needed, come and check with me and the Clerks.
On the criticism of other Members, in this place we are honourable Members, and the language that we use about each other should reflect that.
If a Member falls short of the standards expected of us all, there are ways of dealing with that—not by accusations made as sideswipes during questions or debates.
If we fail to treat each other with respect in debates, that diminishes our work.
It also risks raising the temperature of discussions outside this place, particularly on social media, where discussions already too often descend into online abuse against hon.
Members.
My job is to look after all Members.
If we show respect to each other here, I believe that the public should also show respect to Members, so please let us get it right and let us work together.
I do not want people to agree with each other—this could be the most boring Chamber that I have ever seen, and that would not be good for me either—but please let us make tolerance and respect our main aim.
It is important that hon.
Members can raise matters with me freely.
For that reason, I keep such correspondence confidential.
That includes applications for urgent questions.
I remind hon.
Members that it is equally important that my response, particularly on matters of privilege, is treated with the same respect.
I also wish to give some advice about seeking to speak in the Chamber.
I take into account a number of factors when determining who to call.
One of those is how often a Member speaks.