They fit like a dream, Mr Speaker.
Our country faces so many challenges and I believe the wide-ranging proposals in the King’s Speech will go a good deal of the way to tackling those challenges, both at home and abroad.
Only on Saturday evening, I was at a function for one of my local charities, Sefton Women and Children’s Aid, at Liverpool FC’s Anfield stadium, which was a real stretch as I am an Everton supporter.
While I was there, I paid a visit to the memorial to the 97 victims of Hillsborough, so I want to pay particular attention to the inclusion of what has become known as the Hillsborough law in the Gracious Speech.
I thank the many individuals, families, survivors and the coalition of other organisations who have campaigned selflessly for decades to achieve this outcome, including Members of this House.
It means so much to the families of the victims of those who died and the survivors, from our city region and beyond, that the Government will be fulfilling their promise to ensure a duty of candour on public servants.
Justice and respect at last.
It is a privilege to call the seconder.
May I start by congratulating my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bootle (Peter Dowd)  on his fantastic speech?
As the eldest of three girls, we like the last ones because we can blame them for everything.
It is an honour to follow my hon.
Friend and to second the Loyal Address, not only for me but for my constituents across Vauxhall and Camberwell Green.
When I was asked by the Chief Whip, my excitement was quickly replaced by fear because I remembered my attempt to make a Big Shaq reference during Second Reading of the Procurement Bill, which went completely over the head of  the hon.
Member for Brentwood and Ongar (Alex Burghart)  and indeed many other Members in the Chamber.
I nearly backed out, but then I remembered that this is my opportunity to get on record that Nigerian jollof is the best jollof, before my hon.
Friend  the Member for Erith and Thamesmead (Abena Oppong-Asare)  puts forward any other ideas.
It is nearly 15 years since a Labour Member seconded a Loyal Address; the last Labour Member to do so was my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Islington South and Finsbury (Emily Thornberry) , my good friend.
I have to say that the notices I receive when she visits my constituency are perhaps my favourite.
I remember receiving a note from her office saying that she was going to tour the Beefeater Gin Distillery in my constituency the next evening and that I should join her.
Sadly, I do not drink gin—but I know that she drank my share!
I can only say that I look forward to welcoming other Members to my constituency many more times during this Parliament.
Can I remind all Members that it is their duty to let me know if they are attending one of the many fabulous parties in Vauxhall and Camberwell Green—otherwise I will be complaining to Mr Speaker.
It truly is a wonderful constituency.
We have the National theatre, the British Film Institute, the Southbank centre, the Young Vic and the Old Vic, which is currently hosting a play about the life of an MP in which James Corden turns out to be one of their constituents—although I believe he lives in California, so perhaps he should get in touch with the Leader of the Opposition.
We also have the London Eye.
I am sure the whole House will be delighted to know that it received permanent planning status in May this year.
That keeps it safe even from the clutches and planning reforms of the Chancellor and the Deputy Prime Minister.
We have communities from all over the world.