My predecessors in previous Parliaments have talked about how they have felt that Southport has sometimes been taken for granted or taken advantage of, and so have subsequently sought to discuss and elevate divisions between the towns of the local borough.
I wish to assure my constituents that I will take a different approach.
Instead, I will work to ensure that our country’s new Government will not look to cause divisions with our  neighbours, whether they be other countries thousands of miles away or even other towns just a few thousand yards away.
Instead, I will work with colleagues to ensure that the Government will look to unite our country in the task of national renewal, because the politics that I believe in is a politics of the common good—a politics where each of us looks out for the wellbeing of the other, rather than tries to do others down.
Many towns and villages in this country have seen better days than over the past few years.
Southport is no different.
Whereas other areas have had, for instance, much-needed housing not built, or much-needed transport links not implemented—two issues that I am pleased to see the new Government are planning to address—Southport’s problems have manifested themselves in the temporary closure of the town’s much-loved pier, and in the town centre, whose main streets need more than their fair share of love and attention.
I promise to work with colleagues in this House and beyond to fix these issues.
The new Government’s priority on economic growth is entirely the right approach.
Unless we get the trend rate of growth back to pre-2008 levels, our task in this Parliament of reducing poverty will be much harder.
The Government have my full support in their approach.
I wish it to be known that I will do my utmost to make sure that Southport’s best days lie ahead of it, that the decline of recent years will be arrested and that the town’s fortunes will be turned around, and that I will work with good people of good faith to bring that about, no matter what their party affiliation.
With that, I would like to thank you, Mr Deputy Speaker, for allowing me the opportunity to make my first speech in this place.
I thank the House for the manner in which the speech was received.
Message to attend His Majesty delivered by the Lady Usher of the Black Rod.
The Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty; on their return, the Speaker suspended the sitting.
Will Members wishing to take their seats please come to the Table?
The following Members took and subscribed the Oath, or made and subscribed the Affirmation required by law:
Jonathan Neil Reynolds , for Stalybridge and Hyde
Right honourable Sir Charles Geoffrey Cox, Torridge and Tavistock
Right honourable Andrew William Murrison, South West Wiltshire
The House has directed the Speaker to make a statement at the beginning of each Session about the duties and responsibilities of hon.
Members.
I begin by reminding Members of their duty to observe the code of conduct and the behaviour code agreed by the House and to behave with civility and fairness in all their dealings.
Unacceptable behaviour will be dealt with seriously, independently and with effective sanctions.
The House asserts its privilege of freedom of speech.
That privilege is enjoyed by Members of Parliament only in their work in this House as private individuals.
We are equal under the law with those whom we represent.
The privilege is there to ensure that our constituents can be represented by us without fear or favour.
It is an obligation upon all of us to exercise the privilege responsibly.
It is incumbent on Members to be accurate in what they say in this House and to correct any mistakes as soon as possible.