I am sure the whole House will be delighted to know that it received permanent planning status in May this year.
That keeps it safe even from the clutches and planning reforms of the Chancellor and the Deputy Prime Minister.
We have communities from all over the world.
Even among the sea of England shirts on Sunday, there were a few brave Spanish fans proudly wearing their colours—although they may have just been SNP MPs.
We are also home to a number of MPs, advocacy groups and journalists, which means, when I am trying to avoid a journalist or to politely decline an invitation, I often get hit with the dreaded line, “Oh, but I am a constituent as well”.
I do warn journalists and Members that I shall continue my policy of giving no special treatment when they come up to me with any casework.
Like many continuing MPs, the area that I represent changed significantly at this election following the boundary review.
Sadly, this means that I no longer represent one of the Brixton estates that I grew up on, my church and my old primary school.
The church is central to my life and it is a microcosm of Lambeth.
After mass, I can see  the impatience on the faces of my family as I often discuss varied casework from the congregation.
I just want to reassure my hon.
Friend  the Member for Clapham and Brixton Hill (Bell Ribeiro-Addy)  that she is going to receive multiple blessings for all that varied casework.
I know the wards that I have lost will be well represented by her.
Then again, based on past experience, not all the lobby journalists will notice that anything has changed.
If the House will indulge me, I wish to speak briefly to a couple of policy issues that are close to my heart and to the hearts of my constituents and that I am looking forward to working with the new Labour Government on.
As an MP, one of the hardest conversations that any of us will have is with the victims of violent crime.
I have sat in many front rooms holding grieving mothers and fathers as they tell me about their loved ones who have been taken from them too soon.
With every hug and tear wiped away, I can feel their pain and the impact that that has on the siblings and other family members.
Crime rips communities apart, leaving too many people vulnerable and open to exploitation.
One area that I am proud to work on is preventing abuse of gang-associated girls.
Sadly, their mistreatment is just one example of why our streets need to be safer.
The Home Secretary’s commitment to halving rates of violence against women and improving the support for victims should be welcomed across the House.
Over the last couple of years, I have seen at first hand the impact of the cost of living crisis on my constituents in Vauxhall and Camberwell Green and on communities right across the country.
We also know that tackling climate change is one of the most urgent issues facing the world, and that we cannot delay meaningful action any longer.
I am therefore very pleased that the Government are committed to addressing both issues with an investment in the clean energy transition that will lower energy bills for households and restore the UK’s reputation as a climate leader.
But for millions of working people, real change will not come without action on housing.
That is why I welcome the Deputy Prime Minister’s plans to build 1.5 million new homes across the country, including a new wave of council houses, like the one that gave me and my family security.
I still remember that daily commute from a B&B in King’s Cross, and the excitement on my mum’s face when we received the keys to permanent housing—we no longer had to lug our belongings around in black bin bags.