Laughter.]
I cannot imagine what it must have been like for the hundreds of new Members.
It brought back memories of when I undertook similar meanderings in the corridors of power.
Then came the call from the Chief Whip.
My first thoughts were, “Oh dear, what have I done?”
Or not done, as the case may be.
Fortunately, those thoughts soon dissolved when he kindly asked me if I would undertake the Humble Address, which I was delighted and relieved to accept.
Unfortunately, I am not the most competitive sort, which is just as well.
I am afraid I cannot claim to be the first to achieve virtually anything in my family.
It started at birth as I was the last-born child.
Although I was a councillor at a relatively young age, alas, I was not the first, by a long measure, from my family.
I was the leader of a council, but not the first in my family, nor even the first to unveil a plaque on a new public building—that was pretty routine among my forebears.
Nor will I be able to look forward to being the first person in my family to reach 100 years of age—my late grandmother, Nin, ticked that box in 1984 and drove the point home by living until she was 105.
As for being the first MP in my family, I cannot claim that accolade either as there were two before me.
One was the Member—no prizes for guessing—for Bootle.
Until today, my position at the back of the family queue has held sway for decades.
Thanks to a good samaritan in the form of the Chief Whip, I am the first in my family to move the Humble Address to His Majesty.
I am, as we say in Merseyside, made up.
It goes without saying that being a Member of Parliament is an honour, but representing the town I was born in is the icing on the cake.
For those who do not know where my constituency is, it used to be a small fishing village before becoming a bathing resort for wealthy merchants just north of Liverpool—how times change.
Today, my constituency comprises a number of close-knit communities that until after the war were on farmland.
Ford, Litherland, Netherton and Old Roan housed thousands of families after the challenges of the war, and I think that vision can be renewed.
Another part of my constituency, Seaforth, is home to the port of Liverpool, to which I will return in future debates.
The country home of the Gladstone family was in Seaforth.
Indeed, Gladstone wrote about how he had seen
“wild roses growing upon the very ground that is now the centre of Bootle.”
Another community, Orrell, expanded as time went by.
Then there is the lovely coastline of Liverpool bay, which has Waterloo and Crosby running along its shoreline, with beautiful views across to the hills of north Wales.
It is also home to Antony Gormley’s “iron men” statues.
Bootle town centre is now home to many Government offices, including the Charity Commission, the Health and Safety Executive and even the Office for Nuclear Regulation.
Given its location and major dock system, during the war, Bootle was a major target of the Luftwaffe.
It was left badly scarred, with as many as 85% of buildings destroyed or damaged.
It paid more than its fair share during that conflict.
So I am proud of my communities and their history, and I want the content of the Gracious Speech to be part of their future.
As much as I would like to think that the Bootle constituency having the largest majority in the country, so I am told, is down to my character, charm and charisma —[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”]—which are well known to my colleagues, I really know that it is down to the ambitious programme trailed in the general election campaign and now formally set out in the Gracious Speech.