This will enable more children to benefit from higher-quality early years education and childcare more of the time, building strong foundations for every child and enabling more parents to work.
Why has it taken 14 years for the Government to get around to having a plan?
They got rid of children’s centres and Sure Start centres, and they have not replaced them with anything until now.
Now we see chaos: people cannot get the code; they do not know what money they are getting from local government; the National Day Nurseries Association says it is a mess.
What is the Minister going to do to clear up this mess?
There was a lot in that question.
On the Sure Start point, we are rolling out family hubs, which will be a lot broader than the Sure Start centres were and will cover children with special educational needs up to the age of 25.
As for the codes issue, as the hon.
Gentleman will already know, we have worked with His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs to provide a solution to that issue for all parents so that no parent will miss out as a result.
I call the Chair of the Education Committee.
I very much welcome the fact that this Government are doubling investment in early years and childcare.
As the Secretary of State said earlier with regard to special educational needs, early identification of need is absolutely key.
From that perspective, will the Minister meet me to discuss the urgent need for a specialist assessment centre in Worcester, after the loss of the one in Fort Royal?
It has gone out for commissioning, but unfortunately we have not had any bids to host the new one, and we need to get on with delivering one for next September.
I do not know the details of my hon.
Friend’s specific case, but I would be delighted to meet him to discuss it further.
I call the shadow Minister.
With just over two months to go until the start of the expanded offer for two-year-olds, the Government’s plans for early years education and childcare are in complete chaos, with nurseries and childminders across the country still waiting to have their funding rates for April confirmed.
How can the Minister expect providers to confirm places with parents when they do not even know what they will be paid?
Does he agree with the chief executive of the Early Years Alliance that this is yet another example from this Government of announce first and do the thinking afterwards?
I think the hon.
Lady knows that the reason providers do not have their rates at the moment is that local authorities have not informed them of their rates.
We published the rates in November and it is up to local authorities to tell their providers.
Where they do not have those rates, that is the reason.
It is yet another example of where the Labour party hopes that if it snipes enough from the sidelines, no one will notice that it has no plan whatever for childcare.
What steps her Department is taking to increase the availability of mental health support in secondary schools.
We are rolling out mental health support teams to schools and colleges, supporting young people to access early intervention for mental health.
As my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Schools said, as of March 2023 there were 398 teams covering 47% of secondary school pupils.
That will increase to around 600 teams by spring 2025.
When I was a young person, we had a counsellor in our school.
It helped many people, not for the long term but through short-term interventions that put people on the right track and meant that they did not need more expensive interventions down the line.
Unfortunately, those counsellors have gone in many schools.
Labour will reintroduce them.