Obviously, one reason for the reduction in some of the SME numbers is the fact that we made improvements to ensure that every single apprenticeship was of high quality.
I want to make sure that all young people who embark on an apprenticeship, as I did, put their trust in the system and get what they deserve.
We have removed the limit on caps on SMEs, and we are working on reducing the number of steps to make it easier for them to access the system.
We are also looking at what more we can do: we are focusing on a number of ways in which to ensure that apprenticeships work well for SMEs, which account for 70% of employment.
Ordered,
That the Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the County Constituency of Rochdale, in the room of Sir Anthony Joseph Lloyd, deceased.—(Sir Alan Campbell.)
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps she is taking to improve support for children with special educational needs and disabilities.
What steps she is taking to improve support for children with special educational needs and disabilities.
What steps she is taking to improve support for children with special educational needs and disabilities.
What steps she is taking to improve support for children with special educational needs and disabilities.
What steps she is taking to improve support for children with special educational needs and disabilities.
There is nothing more important than ensuring that everyone in our country, regardless of need, gets the very best education possible.
That is why our special educational needs and alternative provision improvement plan will ensure that all children get the support they need to reach their potential.
We have opened 108 special free schools, including 15 since September, and launched a £70 million change programme to test and refine our systemic reforms, benefiting every region in England.
Earlier this month I announced an extension to our short breaks programme.
We have a plan and we are delivering on it.
Today, many parents of children with special educational needs, including those in my constituency, are at their wits’ end.
Either they are fighting to get an education, health and care plan for their child or they are struggling to access the right support when they get one.
That is a waste of public money, a waste of parental energy and too often a waste of their child’s precious potential.
Does the Secretary of State agree with my constituents, who feel that the system is broken?
I would agree that there has been an absolute increase in special educational needs in the past five, six or seven years, largely because we know more, but also because covid has added some pressure on the system.
We have expanded the system and want to ensure that all children with special educational needs, even more than before, get the help they need.
We have an improvement plan in place, which was published in March 2023 and focuses on early identification and improved support all the way through the journey.
We are training many more people and putting more support in place for the hon.
Lady’s constituents.
In smaller and rural communities such as mine in West Lancashire, populations and services are often very sparsely distributed and SEND students often have to either travel upwards of an hour to reach any provision, or go without.
What is the Government’s plan to address that issue?
We have been trying to increase the number of places within both mainstream and special educational needs and alternative provision settings.
As I say, we have 108 more special educational needs schools already built and 76 more approved.
We have worked with many local authorities, including in rural areas, to make sure they get the provision they need.