I ask all Members to go on a visit to meet apprentices and talk about the opportunities that are available throughout the country—a real example of levelling up.
All my Ministers and I will be out, across the country, celebrating different industries and providers, and with hundreds of apprentices.
This is why Labour’s policy to halve the number of apprenticeships is so dangerous: it would remove opportunities from people like me, taking us back to square one.
I look forward to Fact Check’s assessment of the Secretary of State’s comments.
Given that 2,730 children in Hull are waiting more than 12 weeks for their first mental health appointment, is it pride or inattentiveness that prevents the Secretary of State from adopting Labour’s plan for a mental health professional in every school?
If I may “fact check” the hon.
Lady, I think that the plan is for a mental health professional in every secondary school.
The plan that we have is to introduce mental health support teams in every primary and secondary school.
As usual, our plans, on which we are delivering, are better thought through, cover more people, and solve the problem that they are intended to solve.
Very welcome remediation work on reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete—RAAC—is now under way at Kingsdown School in Leigh-on-Sea, meaning that parts of the school will be open from half term.
However, the school has still not had confirmation, given the extent of the RAAC, on whether there will be a rebuild of the school.
This uncertainty is affecting remediation, expansion and recruitment plans.
Please could we have that confirmation for the school as soon as possible?
I know that my hon.
Friend has campaigned tirelessly for Kingsdown School.
Our questionnaire programme is 100% complete, all schools have been told if it is suspected that they might have  RAAC and 100% of those have been surveyed.
I can confirm we will be removing RAAC from our schools for good, either through the school rebuilding programme or through grant funding, and we will inform schools shortly, once our assessments have concluded.
I know that my hon.
Friend has met Baroness Barran to discuss Kingsdown School and is meeting again this week.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Students at St Leonard’s School in Durham are working hard for their exams, but they are facing sustained and ongoing disruption, including challenges to doing practical coursework, off-site teaching and being bussed around the city, all because of RAAC.
There is no firm date for the rebuilding to commence, and that is just not good enough.
It is putting young people’s futures at risk.
Will the Secretary of State now work with the regulator and the exam boards on mitigations for the small number of young people whose life chances are being put at risk by Government failure?
As the hon.
Lady knows, we have been working closely with St Leonard’s School, and actually with all schools that were impacted by RAAC.
I would like to take this moment to thank the headteachers and all the teachers who have done an amazing job to keep 100% of children in face-to-face education.
We have spoken to the award bodies.
They have been working with schools and have offered some support in terms of assessments and making sure that they can look at what more needs to be done, but exams are there to assess—
Order.
We are having this problem every time.
Topicals are meant to be short and punchy.
I have to get all these Members in, but all you are doing is stopping them getting in.
If that is the ploy, it is not going to work.
My right hon.
Friend has already mentioned the article in , but is she aware that it is comparing apples and oranges?