With queues at the remaining offices stretching around the block at times, and a lack of competition thanks to multiple bank closures, will the Minister investigate why Post Office Ltd lacks commercial sense as well as integrity?
I am happy to look into any cases that the hon.
Gentleman refers to.
There are clear set criteria: the Post Office has to maintain 11,500 branches nationwide, and 99% of the population has to be within three miles of a post office.
The Post Office is maintaining its requirements under those criteria, but I am very happy to talk to the hon.
Gentleman about the issue.
Of course, we are looking at how to ensure that the network of individual post offices is sustained over the long term with new revenue streams, including through the access to cash legislation that the Government have put in place and things like parcel hubs.
We think there is a bright future for the Post Office, but I am very keen to work with the hon.
Gentleman to make sure of that in his particular cases.
I recently raised serious concerns with the Minister that the UK Government are not putting enough effort into making sure that post offices have a sustainable future—something that was of concern before the ITV drama shone a light on this issue.
It is a challenge, and I do not feel that I really got an answer, so I am coming back to the topic again: we really need to know that we have a clear, proper plan for ensuring that there is no further deterioration of the network and to help build it back up.
People in places like Neilston in my constituency, whose post office closed two weeks ago, or Clarkston, whose post office closed on Saturday, need those services.
Those closures are billed as temporary, but they are only temporary if someone has the confidence to take up the opportunity to be a postmaster—who would feel that way now?
What is the Minister’s plan to address the issue and make sure we have post office services for all our communities?
I agree with the hon.
Lady.
We need sustainable post offices, and that is about revenue.
There have been changes in consumer habits and business levels, which have caused difficulties for postmasters.
As I said, the Government have legislated for access for cash, which is a new opportunity for post offices.
The banking framework delivers more revenue into those post office branches; we are keen to see that enhanced and for the Post Office to be more ambitious about that relationship, with that money flowing straight into the profit and loss accounts of individual postmasters’ branches.
There are many other opportunities, including parcel hubs and foreign exchange.
I am happy to discuss the matter offline, if that would be helpful.
The reputational damage to the brand of the Post Office as a direct consequence of the Horizon scandal has been massive—as the Minister knows, my constituent Della Robinson was one of the 555 litigants who had their convictions quashed a couple of years ago.
Looking to the future, what is the Minister’s vision for reinvigorating the Post Office as a great British brand?
I thank the hon.
Member, and I thank Della Robinson for her work.
She was one of the trailblazers who were so important in getting to where we are today and to our getting compensation to the people affected.
As I said in response to earlier questions, I believe the Post Office brand is not damaged; it is the centre of the Post Office—those who ran it from the centre—that is damaged.
I think we should all get behind our post offices, and of course support them wherever we can.
This is not about the brand itself.