This month’s Joseph Rowntree Foundation report sets out how childhood poverty impacts on educational attainment, and how the consequences last a lifetime, entrenching intergenerational poverty.
Forty-two per cent of children in Newcastle are growing up in poverty.
Will the Secretary of State support Labour’s call for free breakfast clubs in every primary school, to give those children the best start in life?
We are investing very heavily in breakfast clubs.
This is another area in which we think that targeting support matters.
That includes secondary schools, not just primary schools, as the Labour party suggests.
Is it not a disgrace that young children are told to cover up their badges so that people do not know which school they attend, and are told to remove outward signs that they are Jewish?
Security is provided once they get to school, but what will my right hon.
Friend do to make sure that children are educated on the evils of antisemitism, so that we spread this message across all schools, rather than just Jewish schools?
My hon.
Friend is right.
After Holocaust Memorial Day, we are acutely conscious of the continuing need to act against antisemitism.
One of the things we are doing is launching a new fund for both schools and higher education, to try to address antisemitism effectively at its root.
Each year, students have to apply for the Turing international mobility scheme before the Easter deadline, but those from widening participation backgrounds need to know that they have the money before they apply, and universities are getting confirmation of funding some months later, in June and July.
I am sure the Secretary of State will agree that Turing should be open to all, so will she press Treasury colleagues for a multi-year funding settlement?
I have enormous respect for the hon.
Gentleman, and I listen carefully to what he says.
We are working to smooth out any issues with the Turing scheme.
However, it is worth noting that we have increased the proportion of disadvantaged students taking part in it from 50% to 60%.
I am proud that we are embedding social justice in the scheme.
Will students affected by RAAC, such as those at Thornleigh Salesian College in Bolton, receive special dispensation in their GCSEs and A-levels?
I recently met the college’s exceptional headteacher, Mrs O’Callaghan, and I take this opportunity to wish her all the best on her well deserved retirement at the end of the year.
I join my hon.
Friend in congratulating, commending and thanking Mrs O’Callaghan on her life’s work.
I appreciate that the RAAC situation in schools has been very difficult, which is why we are trying to work with them on things like coursework assessment.
They should be in touch with awarding bodies.
We are also making sure that we reimburse all reasonable revenue costs.
I recently met headteachers in West Derby, who shared with me their serious concerns that the current Ofsted inspection model is not fit for purpose, is deeply unfair and is driving teachers out of a profession they love.
In the light of today’s Education Committee report, will the Secretary of State meet me and the experienced educators in Liverpool, West Derby, to discuss their concerns and what they feel needs to change?
I pay tribute to the headteachers in Liverpool, West Derby.
We think it is important to have an independent inspectorate, and we think it is important that assessments are clear.
In the wake of the tragedy of  Ruth Perry, it is right that we think about all the aspects, some of which have already changed.
To be clear, we think it continues to be important that there be a clear external assessment for parents.
Families across Tipton and Wednesbury are still struggling to get an initial assessment for children with SEND.
What work is my right hon.