To be clear, we think it continues to be important that there be a clear external assessment for parents.
Families across Tipton and Wednesbury are still struggling to get an initial assessment for children with SEND.
What work is my right hon.
Friend doing to hold organisations such as child and adolescent mental health services to account, so that we ensure that these assessments are done quickly?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise this issue.
We are working with all local authorities, through our SEND and alternative provision improvement plan, to make sure that assessments happen a lot quicker, and that children get the support they need.
School exclusions and suspensions are on the rise.
Children who have experienced trauma are at the greatest risk of exclusion, which only adds to the overall negative outcome for children with adverse childhood experiences, yet the Department’s behaviour guidance makes no reference to childhood trauma.
Will the Minister meet the all-party group on childhood trauma to discuss how we can develop better guidance to take account of childhood trauma?
We want to see schools not excluding children where that is at all possible.
There is no right number for exclusions; they have to be determined in the light of the circumstances at the school, but we expect people to look at the matter as a whole.
I will, of course, be happy to talk to the hon.
Lady.
I thank the Secretary of State for her earlier answers about RAAC.
Will she give priority for a complete rebuild to St Edward’s Catholic Academy in my constituency, following the adjudication that more than 80% of it is affected by RAAC?
Can the plans start very soon, please?
Yes, I can give an assurance that we are going through all the details and assessing each instance on a case-by-case basis.
I know that all hon.
Members are keen to know what will happen, and they will have the answers very shortly.
The changes in the visa rules for international students and their dependants are having a significant impact, not only on the number of students coming to universities such as the University of York, a Russell Group university, but on these universities’ finances.
Universities will have  to make significant cuts if this visa programme reaches fruition.
Will the Minister meet vice-chancellors and the Home Office, together, to talk about the impact this is having?
We have regular conversations with vice-chancellors and the Home Office on this issue.
However, as I say, our target has been more than 600,000 students and we have well surpassed that, and 36% of university researchers come from outside the UK.
We have a proud record on international students and that will continue.
St Peter’s Church of England Primary School in Budleigh Salterton is an excellent school, but it is being let down by temporary classrooms that are way past their best.
Temporary classrooms should be just that: temporary, not a permanent solution.
Further to my letter, which is winding its way through the Department, will my right hon.
Friend meet me to discuss this matter further?
I will.
Children’s services are struggling, and in too many parts of England, outcomes for children are just not good enough.
What conversations has the children’s Minister had with those in the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities about both resources and capacity for children’s services?
What measures will he take where councils underperform, and thus let children down?
We have very regular conversations with the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities on that issue, as part of our “Stable homes, built on love” reforms to transform the children’s social care system, and we take strict action where local authorities are not meeting the requirements.
Bournemouth, Christchurch and Poole Council is, bizarrely, taking parents to court to challenge their legal right to secure special educational support for their children.