What measures will he take where councils underperform, and thus let children down?
We have very regular conversations with the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities on that issue, as part of our “Stable homes, built on love” reforms to transform the children’s social care system, and we take strict action where local authorities are not meeting the requirements.
Bournemouth, Christchurch and Poole Council is, bizarrely, taking parents to court to challenge their legal right to secure special educational support for their children.
With the council losing 90% of those cases and this costing £100,000 every three months, will the Secretary of State join me in asking the council to think again?
Will she agree to meet me to discuss special educational needs provision for Bournemouth?
My right hon.
Friend makes an important point.
We are concerned by any local authority spending too much money taking parents to court.
Children need to get the right support, in the right setting, at the right time, and I would be happy to have a discussion with him about that.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Business and Trade if she will make a statement on the removal of Henry Staunton as Post Office Ltd chair and wider governance issues within the organisation.
Following a conversation with the Secretary of State for Business and Trade over the weekend, Henry Staunton agreed to step down as chairman of the Post Office.
An interim chair will be appointed shortly, and a recruitment process for a new chair will be launched in due course, in accordance with the governance code for public appointments.
I will update the House when we have further details.
The current chairmanship was not proving effective, and we had a difficult decision: change course, or wait and hope that it improves.
Given the challenging context for the Post Office and the importance of the role of chair, the Business Secretary took decisive action.
I understand that Members would like more details around the decision, especially considering that the Post Office is rightly under heightened scrutiny at this time.
I can confirm that there were issues beyond the handling of the Horizon scandal, but as hon.
Members would expect, I am not able to comment on the specifics of individual human resources cases.
As the Business Secretary has said, Post Office governance is a priority for the Government.
The Post Office is a public corporation; as such, the Post Office board has responsibility for the strategic direction of the company.
While there was a clear need for new leadership of the board, we continue to have confidence in the other board members, who are experienced executives with a range of business expertise across the legal, financial, insurance, asset management and pensions sectors; there are two elected postmaster non-executive directors, too.
The Post Office faces unprecedented challenges.
It needs to work at pace to deliver compensation to the thousands of postmasters who fell victim to a faulty IT system, as well as to continue the essential work to implement the necessary operational and cultural changes needed in the business.
As such, strong and effective leadership of Post Office Ltd is a necessity.
I thank the Minister for his response.
It is concerning that the Secretary of State’s move towards clarity and better governance at Post Office Ltd begins with the Government being on a different page from Post Office Ltd on whether Staunton was fired or left by mutual consent.
Will the Minister clarify that?
Is it possible that Mr Staunton is being made a scapegoat to take the heat away from this Government, and those who came before, the Government being the sole shareholder in Post Office Ltd?