We will have to assess what that would mean.
A number of colleagues have mentioned initial teacher training.
Perhaps they and the Secretary of State should look no further than tomorrow, when my ten-minute rule Bill comes before Parliament—a Bill that aims to increase and ensure there is autism training for all teachers.
Will the Secretary of State back it?
I welcome my hon.
Friend’s work in this area.
Initial teacher training courses must equip trainees to meet all the teachers’ standards, including standard 5: that teachers must
“have a clear understanding of the needs of all pupils”,
including pupils with autism.
Through the delivery of our improvement plan, we will develop new practitioner standards to support frontline professionals, including a standard on autism.
I look forward to my hon.
Friend’s working with us.
What assessment her Department has made of the potential impact of changes to visa fees and conditions on the number of applications for postgraduate research.
What assessment her Department has made of the potential impact of changes to visa fees and conditions on the number of applications for postgraduate research.
Our visa changes strike the right balance, ensuring we have a fair and robust migration policy but maintaining the UK’s place as a top destination for the best and brightest from around the world.
The hon.
and learned Lady will be pleased to know that we continue to attract the best scientists from across the world: we have over 46,000 postgraduate research students from overseas, 41% of the total, producing groundbreaking and collaborative research.
I thank the Minister for his answer, but I am afraid the evidence does not entirely bear out what he is saying, because UCAS figures reveal a notable fall in accepted applications from international students.
Both Heriot-Watt and Edinburgh Napier universities in my constituency of Edinburgh South West are highly sought after destinations for international PhD students.
Both carry out vital scientific research, with strong links to commercial and industrial needs—not just in Scotland, but across the United Kingdom and, indeed, across Europe and the world—but the Government’s visa rules are making those universities far less attractive destinations for international students.
Is  the hon.
Member for Mid Norfolk (George Freeman) , the former science Minister, not right when he says that the UK
“will never be a science superpower behind a visa paywall”?
I know that the hon.
and learned Lady is a stickler for data.
Our target was for over 600,000 international students every year, and we are well over that target.
As I say, our visa changes strike the right balance, being fair to the taxpayer while ensuring that we have good international students coming to our country.
The minimum salary requirement for a skilled worker visa is set to increase by 48%, from £26,200 to £38,700, jeopardising the prospects of early-career researchers and academics coming to the UK.
Can the Minister answer the question from my hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for Edinburgh South West (Joanna Cherry)  that he did not answer: how will the UK be a science superpower behind that visa paywall?
I think I have set that out.
We have 36% of university researchers coming from outside the UK, and over 46,000 postgraduate students from overseas—41% of the total.
What I would say to the  hon.
Gentleman is that the real cost of the SNP’s tuition fee policy is that Scottish universities are unable to provide places for local students, who are 13% less likely to take a place at a university in Scotland than English students are to take a place in England.
Will the Minister be investigating the discovery, exposed by The Sunday Times yesterday, of Russell Group universities taking students with much lower academic qualifications for undergraduate degrees, and when he does so, will he check that the same is not happening in the postgraduate field, given the much higher fees that can be charged for overseas students?