What I would say to the  hon.
Gentleman is that the real cost of the SNP’s tuition fee policy is that Scottish universities are unable to provide places for local students, who are 13% less likely to take a place at a university in Scotland than English students are to take a place in England.
Will the Minister be investigating the discovery, exposed by The Sunday Times yesterday, of Russell Group universities taking students with much lower academic qualifications for undergraduate degrees, and when he does so, will he check that the same is not happening in the postgraduate field, given the much higher fees that can be charged for overseas students?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his question.
He will know that, while I am a strong supporter of international students, I am absolutely clear that I want a level playing field for all domestic students as well.
I met vice-chancellors only yesterday afternoon, as soon I had seen the report in The Sunday Times, and I have asked the Department for Education to carry out an urgent investigation into bad practice by agents where it occurs, as I was very disturbed by what I saw.
We want absolute fairness of entry for domestic students as much as for international students.
I call the shadow Minister.
I listened to the Minister’s response to  the hon.
and learned Member for Edinburgh South West (Joanna Cherry) , but in December I was also assured by the Minister that he was committed to the target of 600,000 international students.
However, recent research from IDP has found 45% of its August and September applicants to study in the UK would consider changing their study destination if post-study work visa lengths are shortened.
What is his assessment of the impact that any changes to the postgraduate work visa could have on the international education strategy and the sustainability of the sector?
The hon.
Gentleman, the Opposition spokesman, knows that visa matters are for the Home Office.
The Migration Advisory Committee is looking at the postgraduate international student visa route and will come to its conclusions.
However, as I keep saying to him, our target was for over 600,000 international students a year, and we have well surpassed that.
What steps she is taking to tackle persistent pupil absence in schools.
What steps she is taking to tackle persistent pupil absence in schools.
Tackling persistent absence is my top priority, as indeed it was last year.
I pay tribute to our incredible teachers and heads who have gone above and beyond to get children back to school.
We are more than doubling the number of attendance hubs to support 2,000 schools, we are investing £15 million to expand one-to-one mentoring  to help 10,000 children and we will be requiring all schools to share data to support earlier intervention.
Our plan is starting to work, with 380,000 fewer children persistently absent or not attending last year, and numbers continue to fall.
But by 2026, 2,435 children in Manchester, 907 in Tameside and 937 in Stockport are set to miss half their time at school if current trends continue.
Labour has a plan to fix this crisis, backed by Sir Kevan Collins, the Government’s own former education recovery commissioner.
If this is the Secretary of State’s top priority, why is her plan not working?
It is working.
It is not going to stick on the trajectory, because we have already turned around the trajectory.
Since the pandemic, it is already falling in England.
There is no better example of the Labour party having no plan and just sniping from the sidelines than on the question of attendance.
I suggest that Labour Members look at other countries around the world because this is a global phenomenon.
We have daily data that is almost unique, which is why we are now reducing the figures.