I thank my right hon.
Friend for all her work in this area.
She is right; the first thing to do is ensure that we understand best practice, and that it is rolled out everywhere.
A lot of work is being done in that area.
I very much appreciate the initiatives that she has introduced, and I urge colleagues across the House to support her endeavours.
I call the shadow Minister.
The millions of children persistently absent from school is a national scandal, yet last week Government MPs joined together to vote against Labour’s long-term plan to deal with that issue, putting party above country and children.
So far the Government have only announced sticking plaster policies.
Will the Secretary of State come forward with a long-term plan to address that properly, or do schools and families have to wait for a Labour Government to finally give all children the education they deserve?
Certainly not.
Under a Labour Government, school standards would plummet back to where they were the last time Labour had education under their control—27th in the world for maths and 28th for English, if I remember correctly.
Standards fall under Labour, and it has absolutely no plans to get children back into school.
As I said, this Government have uniquely put in place daily data to enable us to get down and implement lots of different plans.
We are also planning to legislate for children who are not in school, which I think was about the only thing Labour actually put in its plan.
We are committed to doing that, and we warmly welcome the private Member’s Bill from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Meon Valley (Mrs Drummond) , the Children Not in School (Registers, Support and Orders) Bill, and look forward to working with her when it progresses to Second Reading on  15 March .
I urge all hon.
Members to support the Bill.
What steps she is taking to support schools with decreasing pupil rolls.
I recognise the challenge from falling rolls when there is demographic change.
That is why we are changing how the growth and falling rolls funding is allocated to local authorities—it is now based on decreases as well as increases in pupil numbers.
We are also giving greater flexibility to allocate funding to meet the revenue costs of reducing surplus places.
I thank the Minister for that reply.
Declining school rolls in London is a big issue that I have raised in the House on a number of occasions.
We are seeing families with young children being driven out of London because of the affordability of housing and the cost of living crisis, and a new report out today by London Councils shows that the situation is getting even worse.
In Lambeth we are seeing a 17.5% drop in demand for reception places over the next five years.
Archbishop Tenison’s School, opposite the Oval cricket ground in my constituency, closed last year.
We need urgent action from the Government.
The falling rolls funding is helping, but that is just for the short term.
Will the Minister look at how we can protect our vital education assets?
Will the Government finally address the cost of living crisis?
It is true that a period of change is coming as the bulge in primary school numbers starts to move into secondary schools, and it is important to plan ahead for that.
We want to work with local authorities, and I know that the hon.
Member’s local authority, Lambeth, is being proactive in looking at amalgamations where necessary.
We also have pupil place planning advisers in each region working with local authorities and academy trusts, and school resource management advisers working directly with schools.
There will also be some repurposing of some space in schools—I am not speaking specifically about her constituency—with opportunities for more early years provision in some cases, and more special educational needs provision.