We have been trying to increase the number of places within both mainstream and special educational needs and alternative provision settings.
As I say, we have 108 more special educational needs schools already built and 76 more approved.
We have worked with many local authorities, including in rural areas, to make sure they get the provision they need.
Every child with special educational needs or disabilities should receive the high-quality support they deserve, but schools and councils do not have the necessary resources to meet increasing demand and rising costs.
What discussions is the Secretary of State having with the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities on the funding and powers available to councils to improve SEND provision?
That is one reason the high-needs budget is up by over 60% in the past four years, and will reach £10.5 billion in 2024-25.
We are also supporting local authorities with financial deficits through the safety valve and delivering better- value programmes.
In most constituencies, including in the hon.
Lady’s area, the funding has gone up by 25% to 35%.[Official Report,  29 February 2024 , Vol.
746, c. 1MC.] (
Correction)
I also have several cases in my constituency, where children and young people can wait months, if not years, not just for assessment but for a plan to address their needs.
Sense has reported that less than half of local authorities have multi-sensory impairment teachers, and the National Autistic Society reports that three in four parents say that their children’s schools do not fully cover their needs.
What are the Government doing about that?
Our plan to introduce national consistency and standards will be published in 2025.
We will deliver it through local partnerships and inclusion, digitise records, and make it much more transparent so  that parents can see what is happening.
In terms of mainstream support, we will improve early language support, we are working with integrated care boards to improve support for neurodiversity in schools, and 100,000 teachers have received autism training.
There is additional special educational needs co-ordinator training as well as vital early language support.
My office operates a regular advice surgery for parents of children with special educational needs and disabilities, in conjunction with the University of Liverpool law clinic, to which I pay tribute.
There are simply not enough places in mainstream schools or special schools.
Children with SEND from the most deprived areas are less likely to be identified compared with similar children from more affluent areas.
What are the Government doing to ensure that children in constituencies such as mine are identified early and can get the help they require?
The hon.
Gentleman makes a vital point.
Early identification is absolutely key in providing support and ensuring that it impacts the child as early as possible.
I am very happy to understand more about places.
Local authorities have made lots of bids, and that is why many more special educational needs schools have been, or are being, built—I announced 15 recently.
Although I do not know whether his local area bid into them, we have many schemes to ensure that local authorities have financing to improve the number of places in mainstream schools and special educational needs schools.
What work is being done to support local authorities in addressing the placing of children with special educational needs and disabilities out of their own counties and localities to receive the essential support they need?
In Essex, the problem is ongoing and affects all our Essex colleagues.
I pay tribute to our county council, which is doing incredible work—it is well rated—but frankly it needs help, assistance and support from central Government.
There are a number of things there.