I am very happy to work with the hon.
Lady on that particular case.
We are clear that people should get full and fair compensation for financial loss and other impacts, including reputational loss—[Interruption.]
I am setting out the position as it is.
Of course, we are all concerned to hear about people who do not feel that they have been properly compensated.
That is why we have the Horizon compensation advisory board, on which Lord Arbuthnot sits and to which I have referred a number of times.
We are keen to ensure that all those people get, and can see that they have got, fair compensation.
We are looking at the recommendations for an appeal mechanism, for example.
I am very happy to look at this particular case in that context.
It is absolutely the case that people should be fully compensated for financial loss and other impacts on their lives.
I welcome what my hon.
Friend has said.
By taking this action, the Government have accepted by default that the arm’s length body model for the Post Office does not work, so will he look again at the structure of Post Office Ltd, and will he confirm on the record that the former chairman, having left by mutual consent, did not receive or accept any severance payment?
Yes, I can confirm that there was no severance payment.
I do not think it is fair to say that we do not think the arm’s length model works.
Clearly, we have the right to terminate the chair’s position, which is what we have done.;
that is part of the current governance process.
Of course, individuals are important, and having the right individual leading the board is very important.
We did not think that was the case prior to this weekend, which is why we took the action that we did.
We are very keen to appoint the right person to help make the cultural changes within the Post Office that we all want to see.
Diolch yn fawr, Llefarydd.
The effects of the Horizon scandal and Post Office business practices are still hurting our communities.
The post office in Nefyn closed partly because staff no longer trust the computer systems, which I bet is happening in countless communities.
I have asked the Post Office to provide an outreach van in Nefyn if no business at all is willing to provide that service—as appears very likely, because I have asked businesses; last week, the Post Office said no.
Will the Minister guarantee the people of Nefyn that this, the oldest and second largest town in Llyn, will again have post services in the town?
I am very happy to take that point up with the right hon.
Lady, and to meet her to discuss it.
It is very important that our citizens—our consumers—have confidence in the Post Office.
That has certainly been the experience in my patch: people have been outraged when there is a closure, so the general public definitely have some confidence in the service.
The Horizon system is being replaced.
As far as I know, there has never been a case of a customer losing out because of the Horizon system, but I am very happy to meet the right hon.
Lady to discuss her case in Nefyn.
Shepherd’s Bush Crown office closed in 2017, and Hammersmith Crown office closed in 2020 after 100 years.
Four sub-offices  in my constituency have been temporarily closed for up to 10 years.
With queues at the remaining offices stretching around the block at times, and a lack of competition thanks to multiple bank closures, will the Minister investigate why Post Office Ltd lacks commercial sense as well as integrity?
I am happy to look into any cases that the hon.
Gentleman refers to.