If that is the ploy, it is not going to work.
My right hon.
Friend has already mentioned the article in , but is she aware that it is comparing apples and oranges?
British students go straight into a degree course in the first year, but these overseas students referred to are foundation year students who are not on the degree course.
They are doing the equivalent of A-level exams.
Of course I agree that, on entry requirements, we should ensure that we are comparing like for like and being fair to our brilliant domestic students.
I was appalled to see the reporting over the weekend, which clearly showed bad practice in the use of agents.
That is not acceptable.
As I have said, I met Universities UK and the vice-chancellors yesterday and we are going to sort this out.
There is an investigation by the Department for Education.
“It’s not our fault” always seems to be this Government’s catchphrase, and now it applies to childcare too: it is not the Secretary of State’s fault but that of local authorities; it is not her responsibility to deliver on her Government’s own pledge.
Even her own civil servants are saying that some parents just will not get their places.
Does she agree with the Children’s Minister that no parents will lose out?
Will she give that guarantee to the House today—yes or no?
I am glad that the hon.
Lady has asked about childcare, because it is yet another illustration of how this Conservative Government are delivering for working parents while the Labour party still does not have a plan.
I know what it takes to deliver complex projects.
I have delivered many over three decades working in industry all around the world.
Given the hon.
Lady’s limited experience outside politics, she should focus on not playing party politics and deliver for hard-working parents.
Educational psychologists are enormously important.
What progress are the Government making on their current recruitment drive to increase their number?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
This is a highly competitive training scheme.
Between 2017 and 2019 the Department filled all 160 of its funded training places per year, and since 2020 it has filled all 200 of the funded places each year.
We have now committed to training a further 400 educational psychologists.[Official Report,  8 February 2024 , Vol.
745, c. 6MC.] (
Correction)
Does the right hon.
Lady agree that we need highly qualified, excellent teachers in every school?
Is she worried, as I am, that so many highly qualified, gifted teachers are leaving the profession after just a few years?
Of course I agree, which is why I am delighted that we have 27,000 more teachers in our schools than we had in 2010.
We have a retention and recruitment plan with many different facets to make sure that we retain our excellent teachers.
Working with one of my secondary schools, John Whitgift Academy, we have created a pilot scheme called “Opportunity Grimsby”, in which year 8 students and their parents are linked with local businesses.
That will form part of a scheme in which the student is a workplace mentee until year 11.
Will my right hon.
Friend commit to coming to Grimsby to see how well the scheme is doing?
I would be delighted to come to Grimsby.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on becoming the apprenticeship diversity champion.
She is a skills champion, and what she is doing on careers and mentoring in Grimsby is a model example of what should be done across the country.
This month’s Joseph Rowntree Foundation report sets out how childhood poverty impacts on educational attainment, and how the consequences last a lifetime, entrenching intergenerational poverty.
Forty-two per cent of children in Newcastle are growing up in poverty.
Will the Secretary of State support Labour’s call for free breakfast clubs in every primary school, to give those children the best start in life?