In Essex, the problem is ongoing and affects all our Essex colleagues.
I pay tribute to our county council, which is doing incredible work—it is well rated—but frankly it needs help, assistance and support from central Government.
There are a number of things there.
We have put £2.6 billion into increasing the number of places—Members across the House will have heard of additional school places in their areas—and we have a £70 million change programme to ensure, through work with local authorities, that the improvement plan that we published in March 2023 goes from being a piece of paper to being implemented on the ground and felt by all our constituencies and all families with children with special educational needs.
Will my right hon.
Friend update the House on the provision of training in SEND during initial teacher training to ensure that more teachers are aware of the support that children might need, and on the recruitment of specialists, such as educational psychologists and speech and language therapists?
We are implementing a gold thread of high-quality teacher training reforms to ensure that teachers have the skills they need.
The Department has been exploring opportunities to build expertise, through a review of the initial teacher training core content framework and the early career framework, to identify  how we can equip new teachers to be more confident in meeting the needs of children and young people with SEND.
There will be more investment in educational psychologists, of which there will be another 400, and more investment in early years SENCOs, of which there will be another 7,000.[Official Report,  29 February 2024 , Vol.
746, c. 2MC.] (
Correction)
Similarly to my right hon.
Friend  the Member for North East Hampshire (Mr Jayawardena) , I welcome the introduction of a new SENCO national professional qualification—I declare an interest, as my wife is a SENCO—but to create a truly inclusive school environment, all teachers need the knowledge, skills and practical training to support children with special educational needs and disabilities.
What steps is my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State taking to ensure that initial teacher training gives them that support and training?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question, and also for all the work he has done in this area.
We worked together when he was Minister for children and families and I was working in the Department of Health and Social Care, and it is something that we both care deeply about.
As I said in answer to the earlier question, there is a golden thread of high-quality teacher training reforms.
We will be looking at a revised framework and working with providers so that they can ensure that the contracts deliver the very best support for teachers.
What will be vital, and something that Members will feel, is the additional 7,000 SENCOs that will be trained in the coming years.[Official Report,  29 February 2024 , Vol.
746, c. 2MC.] (
Correction)
Worcestershire County Council has some welcome plans to set up a new autism free school in Malvern.
Recently, I visited Our Place—an independent provider—in West Worcestershire, which provides specialist education, mainly for children with autism.
Is it the Secretary of State’s understanding that such independent provision would be affected by taxation should the Opposition bring in a tax on independent schools across this country?
My hon.
Friend makes a very good point: there are 2,408 independent schools across our country, many of which provide special educational needs support and excellent education in particular specialties.
If those schools were subject to increased taxation, that would make provision more difficult.
We will have to assess what that would mean.
A number of colleagues have mentioned initial teacher training.
Perhaps they and the Secretary of State should look no further than tomorrow, when my ten-minute rule Bill comes before Parliament—a Bill that aims to increase and ensure there is autism training for all teachers.