Unlike the Opposition, we are putting mental health support not only into secondary schools but into primary schools, where it can make a big difference.
The reality for mental health support teams in schools is that funding is not guaranteed beyond 2025, and the coverage is patchy.
Earlier this month I heard about a teenager in a secondary school in my constituency who has not attended for four months because of mental ill health.
The school is convinced that if there were dedicated, qualified mental  health practitioners in secondary and primary schools, attendance would improve.
Will the Minister back my ten-minute rule Bill to commit to exactly that duty, to be paid for by trebling the tax on social media companies, which so often are at the root of those problems?
The hon.
Member identifies important problems.
There are important links between mental ill health prevalence and non-attendance.
We will see benefits from the offer to all state schools and colleges of a grant to train a senior mental health lead, as well as the wider mental health support teams that I mentioned.
Early intervention is key.
We need to look at what more can be done at primary school level because, although not entirely, often the signs are already there by the time children get to secondary school.
Could the Minister say more on that?
The transition from primary to secondary is also key, and we need to look at that.
The hon.
Gentleman is entirely correct.
It is important to consider the role of mental health in primary as well as secondary school.
We put mental health education on the curriculum through relationships, sex and health education, and we are investing in the mental health support teams that I mentioned, as well as the training grants.
Of course, some schools do the transition from primary to secondary very well.
It can be an unsettling time for children, but also an exciting one, and it is important that we maximise those benefits.
There is a lot of good practice out there.
I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
In England, school attendance is impacted by off-rolling—a practice that does not exist in Scotland.
Now, we hear in a report that schools are actively removing GCSE students, not for any behavioural issues but because they are struggling academically and the school wants to protect its place in the league tables.
What steps is the Minister taking to address what the Centre for Social Justice has called
“a system which effectively rewards schools for exiting academically underperforming students”?
Let me be abundantly clear: off-rolling—removing a pupil from a school without using a permanent exclusion—is unacceptable and unlawful.
That is in the Ofsted framework, and it is strengthened in the revised framework that came out in 2019 to look at that.
That can be seen in Ofsted’s report.
It is also looked at by the Teacher Regulation Agency.
We must be abundantly clear that being involved in off-rolling is not consistent with the conduct we expect of a teacher.
In serious cases, it could result in action.
What recent estimate she has made of the number of school places available for pupils with special educational needs in Gloucestershire.
Places for pupils with special educational needs and disabilities have increased in Gloucestershire since 2015.
We estimate that there are 1,700 places, and the local authority opened two additional settings in 2022-23.
At the moment, 120 pupils have been assessed as needing special school places, but those places are not available.
Over the next couple of years it looks like at least 200 more special school places will be needed in Gloucestershire.
Can the Minister look at the situation urgently to see what he can do to help?
We are working closely with local authorities on this issue.
We have allocated more than £1.5 billion of high needs capital allocations in the last two years for local authorities to create additional places.