Lady says about the remuneration of sub-postmasters around the country.
Part of that, of course, is about consumer habits—where we shop on the high street.
We are keen to identify new sources of revenue, including through the banking framework, which is a potential lucrative opportunity, and parcel hubs.
On the issue of confidence in the individuals, let me say that, having been a board director myself for 30 years, you are only as good as your last game, so it is fair to say that, at this point in time, we did not feel that Henry Staunton was the right person to lead the board.
Given the Government’s role as the sole shareholder in the Post Office, and the associated liabilities and responsibilities that go with  that, when will the Secretary of State for Business and Trade make public all the associated papers related to Horizon and this entire scandal, so that the victims as well as the country can see where the responsibility for all this lies?
By doing so, the Government will be able to take the right kind of action and support the victims as they seek compensation.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for her question and the work that she has done on this.
We set up the inquiry in 2021 to undertake that work.
Those documents are public and subject to public scrutiny.
She may have watched some of the inquiry sessions, which were very revealing about some of the conduct that happened at the Post Office.
That inquiry is due to conclude by the end of this year and then report probably sometime next year.
We will have a much clearer understanding then of who is responsible, and, as is often said at this Dispatch Box, that is the time to hold those individuals to account.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Post Office Horizon scandal is one of the most insidious injustices in our country.
It has robbed innocent people of their livelihoods, their liberty and, all too sadly, their lives.
At least 60 postmasters have died without seeing justice or receiving compensation and at least four have taken their lives.
Twenty years on, sub-postmasters and their families are still suffering from the consequences and the trauma of all that they have been put through.
The scale of the scandal is so vast that getting the right leadership in place at the Post Office is of paramount importance.
However, to decide to eject the chair during the weekend with no real opportunity to get the details of the decision on the public record is unusual, to say the least.
People need to know that removing Henry Staunton was a substantive, evidence-based decision if we are to have confidence in that decision.
Can the Minister assure us that this decision was, indeed, substantive and not just the result of a personal falling out between Mr Staunton and the Secretary of State?
The Minister has talked about setting a timeline “in due course” for replacing Mr Staunton.
In the context of what has happened in the Horizon scandal and the big challenges facing the Post Office, strong leadership is vital at this point in the process.
I hope that he will be able to share as quickly as possible further information about the timeline and when the post will be filled.
What confidence can the Minister provide that this change will lead to the wholesale culture change that is desperately needed to make sure that this never happens again?
Mr Staunton was not in the Post Office during the Horizon scandal—he has only served in the position since 2022—and this scandal has never been about the actions of one single individual.
Finally, the priority for us all in this House is the fast-tracked exoneration of all remaining convictions and the delivery of rightful redress or compensation to all the affected sub-postmasters as quickly as possible.