Of course it is fair to ask, “Do you have documentation to support any claim you are making?”,
but if the evidence is not there, the benefit of the doubt should be with the postmaster.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
Leaving the Post Office rudderless now, when people are literally dying before they get redress, is not a situation we can put up with.
The key question for the Minister is this:  where is the Bill to expedite redress for those who were wrongfully convicted?
Will he commit this afternoon finally to making sure that we have pre-legislative scrutiny of that Bill so that it is as strong as it can be, and will he commit to a hard deadline enshrined in law in the Bill to make sure the payments are made as rapidly as possible?
Frankly, Mr Bates and the other sub-postmasters who have been wronged for so long should not be made to wait a moment longer.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his question, but I do not accept his premise that the Post Office is rudderless.
The chief executive is still there and I spoke to him a few moments ago, prior to the urgent question.
As I have said, we are looking to appoint an interim chair as soon as possible and a permanent replacement shortly after that, and meanwhile the daily work of the board will continue.
On our commitment to overturn convictions on a blanket basis, I appreciate the right hon.
Gentleman’s previous constructive collaboration and engagement with our Department, and I hope that continues.
I am keen to engage with him on our approach.
These are legal matters that need to be considered carefully and we had a number of meetings last week on this very issue, so I am keen to engage with him, but in a way that does not slow down the process of bringing the legislation forward.
He will find us contacting him and knocking at his door in the coming days to talk about how we will go forward with that legislation.
I should point out that Mr Bates’s compensation is not related to the overturning of convictions, because he was never convicted.
That is not what is getting in the way of Mr Bates’s compensation, although it is getting in the way for something like 900 other people, and we are keen to resolve that as quickly as possible.
Will my hon.
Friend take this opportunity to look at the Post Office’s reported practice, under the former chairman, of making payments of just £5,000 under the Horizon shortfall scheme for distress and inconvenience to people it falsely accused of theft, when a similar claim made at an employment tribunal, in the most exceptional cases, is 10 times that amount?
To be clear, those schemes are run independently of the Post Office.
There are independent processes all the way through, and an independent panel assesses the loss.
I think my hon.
Friend is talking about the Horizon shortfall scheme, but it is clear that any tariffs that might go with payments are not a ceiling—they tend to be a floor.
People should of course be fully compensated for both their financial and their non-pecuniary loss; that is a principle we have adhered to all the way through the process.
We are looking at the recommendations of the advisory board on how to make sure people who have been through those schemes have received fair payments.
In the group litigation order scheme, there will effectively be a minimum £75,000 fixed-sum award.
We are keen to ensure not only that we get the money out of the door, but that that compensation is fair and seen to be fair.