Can the Minister look at the situation urgently to see what he can do to help?
We are working closely with local authorities on this issue.
We have allocated more than £1.5 billion of high needs capital allocations in the last two years for local authorities to create additional places.
Gloucestershire County Council has announced a 200-place moderate and additional learning difficulties school for four to 16-year-olds, to be delivered through our free school presumption route in early 2026.
There are only three specialist schools provided by the state in Shropshire.
Two of them are—
Order.
The supplementary question should relate to the question on the Order Paper.
Just as in Gloucestershire, we are short of specialist schools—two of our three are rated as inadequate and need improving.
The most vulnerable children are unable to go to school because need is not being met.
Will the Minister look at what can be done in Shropshire to provide places for the most seriously affected children?
In addition to working with Gloucestershire, we work with Shropshire on its capacity.
We have already announced 41 new special free schools with a further 38 in the pipeline.
Whether she has had recent discussions with her counterparts in the devolved Administrations on the potential merits of providing additional financial support for school pupils in the context of increases in the cost of living.
I agree that, given all that the UK has in common, it is vital that we talk about policy issues frequently, including on devolved matters.
The UK Education Ministers Council last met in June last year, when it was hosted by my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State in Liverpool.
I understand it is for the Scottish Government to issue the invitation for the next one—we await their missive with anticipation.
Expanding free school meals has a direct impact on children’s health, promoting cognitive development and improving test scores and concentration.
The Scottish Government are rolling out universal free school meals for primary school children.
What additional  financial efforts will the Minister make to address educational inequality, such as supporting and following the example of the Scottish Government to improve outcomes for all pupils?
We await the Scottish Government’s full programme, but I will say that, in recognition of the benefits of free school meals and targeting them where they can have most effect, one in every three pupils in England are now eligible for free school meals, compared with one in six when Labour was in Government.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
To be clear, the UK Government will not even extend free school meals to children in households receiving universal credit.
Speaking in Parliament two weeks ago, the Children’s Commissioner for England urged the UK Government to expand free school meals, saying that children with an empty belly cannot learn.
When will this Government follow Scotland’s lead in addressing child poverty by rolling out free school meals to all primary school children?
We have extended eligibility for free school meals on three occasions, mainly with universal infant free school meals, the extension of further education students and, most recently, by extending the protections for people in transition on universal credit.
I say gently to the hon.
Lady that we think it is important to target free school meals, but that it is just as important for children in secondary school as in primary.
What steps she is taking to improve early years education.
This Government are rolling out the largest expansion of childcare in England’s history, doubling the amount we spend now.
This will enable more children to benefit from higher-quality early years education and childcare more of the time, building strong foundations for every child and enabling more parents to work.
Why has it taken 14 years for the Government to get around to having a plan?
They got rid of children’s centres and Sure Start centres, and they have not replaced them with anything until now.