It is concerning that the Secretary of State’s move towards clarity and better governance at Post Office Ltd begins with the Government being on a different page from Post Office Ltd on whether Staunton was fired or left by mutual consent.
Will the Minister clarify that?
Is it possible that Mr Staunton is being made a scapegoat to take the heat away from this Government, and those who came before, the Government being the sole shareholder in Post Office Ltd?
Back in July, the Minister for Enterprise, Markets and Small Business said in a debate on POL’s management culture:
“Through the shareholder’s representative on the board, the Government oversee the Post Office’s corporate governance, strategy, performance and stewardship of its financial and other resources.
”—[Official Report,  13 July 2023 ; Vol.
736, c. 180WH.]
That is not the same as the chairperson.
Are the Government satisfied that the UK Government Investments board representative has adequately fulfilled his oversight role?
Indeed, has Tom Cooper, who stood down in May, been replaced?
That is not clear from Post Office Ltd’s website.
It is clear that the governance model simply has not worked.
The arm’s length approach used by successive Governments has allowed scandal after scandal to fester.
The post office network is in disarray.
Financial redress to postmasters is far too slow and, in some cases, wholly inadequate.
The remuneration package for sub-postmasters means that many are working for below the minimum wage, and services are continuously being stripped away.
Does the Minister have confidence that the removal of Mr Staunton will speed up financial redress for victims and bring about change in the management culture of Post Office Ltd?
Back in July, Mr Staunton appeared in front of the Business and Trade Committee over the bonusgate scandal.
In a debate at the same time, I asked the Minister if he had confidence in the current management of Post Office Ltd. I received no meaningful answer, so has it taken a TV drama for the Government to take action?
How is that acceptable?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her work; the all-party parliamentary group on post offices does a tremendous job.
The phrase used in the statement was “mutual consent”, but it is fair to say that the Government exercised their right to remove the chairman; the hon.
Lady can deduce from that what she will.
This is not a case of allocating responsibility for the past problems of the Post Office; we are simply saying that we need new leadership going forward.
There were specific circumstances around the chairman that meant that we felt that he was not the right person to lead the organisation of the board at this time.
The shareholder representative on UKGI, as the hon.
Lady was right to say, is not the chair; it was Tom Cooper, but is now Lorna Gratton.
Do I have confidence in her?
Yes, I do.
I meet her regularly and have a high degree of confidence in her.
Compensation is too slow—we accept that.
A number of measures were introduced prior to the TV drama, as the hon.
Lady puts it, including the fixed-sum award of £600,000 for overturned convictions.
We have also introduced a fixed-sum award for the group litigation order to expedite compensation.
That is something on which I am absolutely focused on a daily basis.
I accept what the hon.
Lady says about the remuneration of sub-postmasters around the country.
Part of that, of course, is about consumer habits—where we shop on the high street.
We are keen to identify new sources of revenue, including through the banking framework, which is a potential lucrative opportunity, and parcel hubs.