] (as Secretary of War Belknap incontestably did), Congress might elect to proceed with impeachment to signal its displeasure. Secretary Mayorkas has not committed any impeachable offense. Impeaching a cabinet officer innocent of ``treason, bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors'' to indicate displeasure with administration policy or the officer's administration of that policy would be a profoundly anti- constitutional act. Question #2 from Mr. Thompson: In the past, you have written that impeachable ``high crimes and misdemeanors'' can be interpreted to include ``serious executive misconduct, including . . . betrayal of the nation's foreign policy interests'' such as when a president subordinates the nation's interests to foreign interests. Republican Rep. Guest suggested that you have written in the past about foreign policy differences as grounds for the first impeachment of President Trump--what you describe as Trump's ``rolling destruction of American foreign policy''--and that your past writing contradicts your testimony at the January 10, 2024, hearing. Are foreign policy differences an impeachable offense, and how do foreign policy differences differ from ordinary policy differences? I have written that one of the accepted historical categories of impeachable conduct, in both the pre-1787 United Kingdom and in the United States, has been ``betrayal of the nation's foreign policy interests.'' However, in saying this, I was obviously not saying that ordinary policy differences between a presidential administration and the opposing political party become impeachable simply because the subject matter of the disagreement is foreign, rather than domestic, policy. To the contrary, long precedent establishes that, in the U.S. impeachment context, ``betrayal of the nation's foreign policy interests'' has had certain identifying features. First, for impeachment purposes, a nation's ``foreign policy interests'' are not merely the transient preferences of a political party or faction. Rather, they are enduring interests about which there is a broad societal consensus, ideally one embodied in statutes, treaties, the practice of multiple presidential administrations, and (where applicable) the views of a nation's diplomats, foreign policy experts or professionals. Second, the word ``betrayal'' implies, not merely changing policy or adopting policy views contrary to one's political adversaries, but subverting the national interest for illegitimate, often personal, motives. British impeachments that illustrate these features include the following. In 1667, after an expensive and unnecessary war with the Dutch, the Earl of Clarendon was impeached in part for seeking payments from France to the British crown to evade parliamentary controls on royal finance. In 1678, the Earl of Danby was impeached for soliciting--on behalf of the English King Charles II--a bribe from Louis XIV