On finance, this is really important.
There are a number of ways we should and can leverage private money to meet very important challenges, whether the global climate challenge or other challenges.
We took steps at COP to set out how those mechanisms could be improved.
I strongly welcome the decision to allow Ukraine to strike against targets in Russia, from which missiles, drones and glide bombs are launched.
In discussing how best to support Ukraine, will the Prime Minister say what progress was made in assisting Ukraine’s own military industrial sector to allow it to develop its own technology and to reduce its reliance on the West?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for raising that issue, because I think it is very important that that work goes on.
We are making our own contribution to that.
I will not go into the details here, as he will understand, but I can make sure that he has a meeting, should he wish one, to give some of the details of that.
In the Prime Minister’s statement, he refers to the £1 billion investment for wind turbines in Hull.
How does he envision that will benefit and improve lives and opportunities for my constituents in Great Grimsby and Cleethorpes?
I was very pleased to announce the work in Hull, with about 1,300 well-paid jobs there, making the blades for wind turbines.
It was not that many years ago that I went to the Whitelee wind farm just outside Glasgow; there are 350 or so wind turbines up there.
I asked how many were built in Britain and the answer was none—not a single component.
Not only is this announcement very good for Hull, with well-paid, secure jobs, but it is very good for the United Kingdom that we are beginning to make the components for wind turbines.
I return the Prime Minister to his meeting with President Xi.
He may recall that at the time, President Xi put four red lines, one of which was about democracy and human rights, which he said he would  “allow no challenge”.
I have been in contact with many Hong Kong refugees here, who fled Hong Kong, and they were worried about the Prime Minister’s failure to condemn the arrest of the 45 and to call for their release and that of Jimmy Lai.
I do not believe the Prime Minister really answered the question properly, so I will give him another opportunity.
Can he now get to the Dispatch Box—he can forget that another Minister who might have said it—and say, right now, that he as Prime Minister condemns the Chinese Government for their arrest and incarceration of the 45 peaceful democracy campaigners and calls for them to release the campaigners and Jimmy Lai immediately, because they are in breach of the Sino-British agreement?
I am happy to affirm and confirm all of that.
I did raise those issues—[Interruption.]
I said I condemned it a moment ago and I am happy to say so. [
Interruption.]
I just did and I will say it again.
These are serious issues that the right hon.
Member has consistently raised, and I recognise that and we have discussed the matter between ourselves on previous occasions.
It is important that where we have these significant differences, particularly on issues of human rights, we have frank, open discussions about them.
That is why these matters have been raised repeatedly, and I myself raised them in the meeting I had earlier this week and will continue to do so.
I am happy to be clear about that condemnation and to repeat that for him.
I know the Prime Minister shares my disappointment at the weakness of the G20 statement on Ukraine, compared with the G7 statement.