Now that the railways are coming under her guardianship, will the Secretary of State assure the House that that will be the last above-inflation rail fare increase in this Parliament?
Order.
Questions should be a bit shorter.
I do not know who is doing your briefings—well, I suspect I do—but shorter questions would be helpful.
Of course, a priority for this Government is to keep public transport affordable, but our absolute priority is to fix the mess in the railways that we inherited after 14 years of under-investment, decline and putting passengers last in a broken system.
What recent assessment she has made of the adequacy of the condition of local roads.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the condition of local roads.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the condition of local roads.
The Government are determined to improve the condition of local roads.
We had a manifesto commitment to support councils in fixing up to 1 million more potholes per year.
We are going above and beyond that manifesto commitment: last month’s Budget confirmed an increase of £500 million for next financial year to fix Britain’s crumbling roads.
I pay tribute to Lord Prescott.
I welcome the Secretary of State’s announcement of this vital funding.
Will she comment on the excellent work carried out by Reading borough council, which has started resurfacing large sections of road?
That not only creates a smoother surface for drivers, but has been proven to save money in the long run.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight the excellent practices being undertaken by Reading borough council.
That is the kind of innovation that we need to see across the country—not just fixing and repairing potholes, but ensuring that we prevent them and improve the quality and lifespan of our local roads.
People living near the concrete sections of the M25 in my constituency are besieged by motorway noise.
In fact, some schools and homes cannot open windows, such is the noise nuisance.
Does the Secretary of State agree that that is an absolute disgrace, and will she support my campaign to scrap the concrete sections of the M25 motorway?
I believe the hon.
Gentleman met the Under-Secretary of State for Transport, my hon.
Friend hon.
Member for Nottingham South (Lilian Greenwood), last week on exactly that issue.
She will follow up on it, as will National Highways.
I associate myself with the comments about Lord Prescott.
I am grateful for the Secretary of State’s answers on local roads.
The roads in Leeds South West and Morley are in a dire state.
Asquith Avenue has been compared to the surface of the moon.
Commuters in Farnley, Wortley, Morley and Tingley have to dodge potholes every day, and even the more rural areas of my constituency, such as Ardsley and Robin Hood, are suffering the same fate.
What reassurances can the Secretary of State give my constituents that those roads will be improved, and when can they expect those improvements?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Potholes and poor road conditions are a menace that make our roads less safe and have saddled drivers with costly repairs.
The £500 million uplift will be available in ’25-26, and we will announce the allocations shortly, including those for West Yorkshire.
I also pay tribute to Lord Prescott.
Nearly 20% of my constituents work in the vital freight and logistics sector, yet the industry continues to pick  up the bill for the failure of Warwickshire county council to fix my constituents’ pothole-riddled roads.
Now that the Government have provided a £500 million increase to fix potholes, does the Secretary of State agree that the council must take action to tackle the scourge of potholes, which are causing untold damage to my constituents’ cars, trucks and lorries?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.