We are requiring the industry to match our ambition.
For regional and island airports, accessibility equipment can carry significant cost in proportion to the number of passengers using the facility.
However, it remains vital that disabled passengers’ access is supported.
What action is the Secretary of State taking to support smaller airports in this regard?
Airports are represented in the accessibility task and finish group through their trade association, AirportsUK, and both large and smaller airports are  represented individually as well.
We will work closely with the industry to look at what voluntary measures can be adopted as we also consider enforcement powers for the Civil Aviation Authority.
What recent estimate she has made of when electrification of the midland main line will be complete.
The electrification of the remainder of the route to Nottingham and Sheffield via Derby—the midland main line electrification programme—is in development, and currently it is planned to be completed by the early 2030s, subject to business case approvals and wider affordability considerations.
It is marvellous that we now have the electric lines energised up through Market Harborough to Wigston, and we are looking forward to our electric trains arriving next year.
Even better, we have Spion Kop bridge staying open.
Will the Rail Minister meet me to ensure that we avoid any risk that future electrification works lead to a further withdrawal of late and early services to Market Harborough?
The last train back from London is already far too early, so we need to avoid the works having any further damaging impact.
We are all concerned about the impact of works on services.
I know that the Rail Minister is aware of that and would welcome the opportunity to visit, alongside Network Rail, to see the work being done to mitigate the impact on the hon.
Gentleman’s constituents as that work continues.
Whether she is taking steps to support the participation of small and medium-sized local bus operators in bus franchising schemes.
This Government are empowering every community to take back control of their local bus services.
Legislation on bus franchising requires local authorities to consider small and medium-sized enterprises as part of the franchising process.
We are working with those interested in pursuing franchising to develop different models, including smaller-scale models, which require less financial commitment and provide more opportunities for small and medium-sized bus operators to participate.
I am pleased to hear that this is part of the consultation on updating the bus franchising guidance.
We have some strong local SMEs in Falmouth that provide a knowledgeable, local and flexible bus service, along with community bus services too.
Will the Minister please confirm that she will be supportive of that kind of model when going through the guidance?
My hon.
Friend is a great champion for businesses in her constituency.
We recognise the important role that smaller local bus operators can  provide in delivering high-quality bus services; they know their customers and their communities.
In addition to the requirement to consider SMEs as part of the franchising process, this Government’s reforms to the bus system are designed to give more options to local communities to deliver local bus services.
Our transformative buses Bill will seek to give local areas the choice of pursuing bus franchising, high-quality partnerships with the private sector or local authority-owned bus companies and, once in law, will provide more opportunities for all operators, including SMEs.
I thank the Minister for that answer, which is incredibly helpful.
To support the participation of small and medium-sized local bus companies in bus franchising schemes, they also want to be energy-efficient.
That enables them to apply for the franchises and do better.
How can the Minister help those small and medium-sized bus companies to be energy efficient—with hydrogen buses, for example—and thereby gain the franchises and contracts?
Transport matters are devolved in the hon.