That enables them to apply for the franchises and do better.
How can the Minister help those small and medium-sized bus companies to be energy efficient—with hydrogen buses, for example—and thereby gain the franchises and contracts?
Transport matters are devolved in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency, of course, but putting buses at the heart of our policies and wanting to increase ridership provides brilliant opportunities for local manufacturers of buses to take part and supports local manufacturers and operators.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
On behalf of the Opposition Front Bench, I too offer my sincere sympathies to the family of the late Lord Prescott on his passing.
On Monday, in her statement on bus funding, the Secretary of State said that a formula was being used to allocate funding.
She said that the formula will allocate funding
“based on local need, population, the distance that buses travel, and levels of deprivation…This formula and the funding allocated is a fair arrangement, ensuring that every area of the country gets the service levels it needs”.—[Official Report,  18 November 2024 ; Vol.
757, c. 43-45.]
The formula, including the weighting given to the various factors by the right hon.
Lady, has not been published.
When will it be?
I thank the shadow Secretary of State for his question.
We are proud of the work that we have done to ensure that every part of the country benefits from additional funding for their buses, and we will publish that later today.[Official Report,  26 November 2024 ; Vol.
757, c. 10WC.] (
Correction)
The Secretary of State also said in her statement:
“Councils such as Leicester, the Isle of Wight, Torbay and Cambridgeshire will see unprecedented levels of funding for services.
”—[Official Report,  18 November 2024 ; Vol.
757, c. 42.]
What levels of subsidy does she believe that bus services in those areas will require?
It is incredibly important that decisions about local services are taken by those who are operating them.
That is why not only have we provided substantial levels of funding—£1 billion announced in the Budget  and the allocations set out on Monday—but we are providing local transport authorities with the powers they need to provide the services that local communities want and deserve.
If she will make an assessment of the effectiveness of local bus services in enabling children’s travel to school.
The Government know how important local bus services are in providing access to education.
We have set out an ambitious programme of reform to empower local leaders to improve services for passengers, including through the introduction of the buses Bill, to ensure that they better reflect the needs of local communities.
I, too, associate myself with the remarks about Lord Prescott.
In my constituency of Tunbridge Wells, a group of parents have told me about the difficulties that their children have in getting to Skinners’ Kent academy.
The children can get either the No.
2 or the No.
297.
The first one gets them to school 90 minutes early, so they have to wait by the side of a busy road in the cold and the dark, and the latter gets them there 15 minutes late.
Over a school year, that is 50 hours of education.
Kent was given £23 million for bus services.
Beyond giving the money, what will the Department for Transport be doing to ensure that the money will increase the frequency of services so that children can get to school on time?
I think an Adjournment debate may be needed.
Well, Mr Speaker, I do not know the particular details of the No.
2 or the No.
297—[Interruption.]
Forgive me.
As the hon.
Member has pointed out, Kent county council has been given £23.1 million as part of our £1 billion package for buses.