I say again that Russia could roll back its forces and end this war tomorrow.
Until then, we will stand up for what we know is right, for Ukraine’s security and for our own security, and we will back Ukraine with what is needed for as long as it is needed.
In challenging times, I take the view that British leadership matters more than ever.
For the sake of our growth, our security and making our presence felt, giving the British people a voice on the global stage once again and standing up for the national interest, I commend this statement to the House.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
With your permission, Mr Speaker, may I take this opportunity to express heartfelt condolences on my behalf and that of my party on the death of Lord Prescott.
He was a titan of British politics in the 1990s, one of this country’s greatest examples of social mobility, and a true patriot—no one who had two Jags could not love this country.
We all especially remember that moment when he connected with the electorate during the 2001 general election.
Many of us across the country, as well as the public, were very much on his side during that altercation.
May he rest in peace.
I thank the Prime Minister for advance sight of his statement.
As he said, this week marks the 1,000th day of Russia’s unprovoked invasion.
Ukraine is in a fight for its survival.
The people of Ukraine are in our thoughts daily, but those thoughts must translate into action—action from us and from our allies.
I am proud of the last Conservative Government’s contribution to Ukraine: £12 billion-worth of military, humanitarian and economic support; a commitment to spend at least £3 billion a year on military support; and hitting Russia with the largest sanctions package ever imposed on a major economy.
I said we would be a constructive Opposition, and I meant it.
We will work with the Government to ensure that British support for   Ukraine is steadfast and continuing.
However, at the G20, the Prime Minister was not able to achieve his goal of getting leaders to double down on support for Ukraine.
As Chancellor Scholz said:
“It is too little when the G20 cannot find the words to make it clear Russia is responsible.”
The Prime Minister’s meeting with the Chinese President has also attracted much interest.
A day after his meeting with President Xi, in which the Prime Minister said he wanted a respectful relationship where both countries avoid surprises, 45 pro-democracy campaigners were imprisoned in Hong Kong.
I was disappointed not to hear the Prime Minister condemn that at the time.
Will he do so now, unequivocally?
Will the Prime Minister confirm that he explicitly called for the repeal of the national security law and for an end to Jimmy Lai’s politically motivated trial when he met President Xi?
Can he point to any tangible benefits for UK interests from that meeting?
COP has not yet concluded, so we do not know what the final impact on the UK will be, but we do know that the Prime Minister’s rush to a further cut in our emissions is yet another example of politicians putting short-term publicity above long-term planning.
When will he publish the plans to achieve this new target?
Where this Government do the right thing, we will back them; but where they put politics before people, and where they put press releases before practicality, we will hold them to account.
It is time for politicians to tell the truth, and it is time for the Prime Minister to provide some substance to back this costly rhetoric.