Now that the Government have provided a £500 million increase to fix potholes, does the Secretary of State agree that the council must take action to tackle the scourge of potholes, which are causing untold damage to my constituents’ cars, trucks and lorries?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Local authorities are responsible for the state of their local roads, but with this significant uplift for ’25-26, we expect them to ensure that that is a priority, and to tackle the state of the local roads, which is affecting my hon.
Friend’s constituents so badly.
John Prescott was a towering figure in the politics of the Humber region, and I associate myself with the words of sympathy to his family.
Roads in my constituency are under greater pressure because traffic from the A180 is continually being transferred on to them while it is being patched up.
Earlier this month,  the hon.
Member for Great Grimsby and Cleethorpes (Melanie Onn)  and I met National Highways, and it is perfectly obvious that the A180 will be in its present state for many years to come.
Will the Secretary of State meet me and the hon.
Member for Great Grimsby and Cleethorpes to discuss this and other transport issues in the area?
You are running out of road.
I am sure that the Minister with responsibility for roads, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Nottingham South (Lilian Greenwood) , would be very happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Great Grimsby and Cleethorpes (Melanie Onn) .
The safety and condition of our roads are hugely dependent on those who drive on them, but too many vehicles illegally use our roads without tax, without registering their details with the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency, and without their MOT.
I thank Jamie from Seven Sisters garage for sorting my MOT out last week.
Will the Secretary of State meet industry experts, such as Eastbourne’s very own Alan Wood of the National Persistent Evader Database, to discuss their solutions to tackling this problem, and making our roads safer?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for that important point.
I have met the Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency to talk about its important enforcement work in this area.
Measures of that kind will absolutely be considered in the development of our road safety strategy, and we will work closely with stakeholders, exactly as the Minister with responsibility for roads mentioned.
I associate myself with the tributes paid to Lord Prescott.
Talking of pothole repairs and road resurfacing, the director of the RAC, Steve Gooding, said:
“The long-term solution is a long-term funding settlement for councils so they can finally get on top of what has been a perennial problem.”
But councils—[Laughter.]
Hon.
Members might laugh, but our councils, which have to do the work of repairing our roads, do not know how much money they will get from the much-trumpeted £500 million.
When will our councils actually get their allocations?
As I have said, the £500 million is available for ’25-26, and those allocations will be announced shortly.
The brass neck on Opposition Members never ceases to amaze.
I am just trying to get answers for our councils.
Of course, it was the previous Government who committed £8.3 billion to road repairs, using money from the rightly cancelled sections of High Speed 2.
Back in May, when it was in opposition, Labour tried to claim a backlog of more than £16 billion in road repairs, but now it just trumpets funding of £500 million.
That is not enough, is it?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for recognising the appalling state of our local roads, and the appalling backlog that we inherited.
The significant uplift allocated for next year will start to turn the page on 14 years of decline, but of course that cannot be achieved overnight.