Forgive me.
As the hon.
Member has pointed out, Kent county council has been given £23.1 million as part of our £1 billion package for buses.
We are righting a lot of wrongs over the underfunding of rural services, in particular, over the years, and we expect to see a much better bus service across our whole country in the future.
May I, too, associate myself with the tributes paid to John Prescott?
Over the past few weeks, a number of parents have contacted me to ask whether school transport can be brought into the scope of the bus fare cap.
Will the Minister agree to look at that?
Services from participating operators that serve schools are open to members of the public and run all year round and will be eligible for inclusion in the scheme.
The current fare cap does not allow for the inclusion of closed school services at the moment—that is for logistic reasons, I understand.
In the statement on bus services on Monday, I asked the Secretary of State about extending concessionary travel to children and young people.
Her response was to suggest that MPs should talk to our individual local  authorities about this, but that is not the approach that we take to concessionary travel for pensioners.
I have just been contacted by somebody aged over 16 who cannot afford to go to college because it would cost £1,500 a year, and her family just cannot afford that.
Is it not the case that concessionary bus travel for children and young people should be extended on a national basis, rather than having this postcode lottery?
As a former schoolteacher, I know how important getting children to education is, and those bus services provide vital lines.
That is why we have put £1 billion into our bus services network.
I suggest that local services, such as mine in the Bee Network in Greater Manchester, have used their resource to improve access to education for young people.
Rural communities in towns and villages such as Holwell in my constituency, which I visited last week, often depend on buses for their day-to-day life and for getting their children to school, but all too often the reliability of these services makes it increasingly hard for families to depend on them.
What new powers and funding will this Government be giving transport authorities, such as Hertfordshire and Central Bedfordshire, to ensure that they can get buses for my community back on track?
Like our rail users, bus users depend on punctuality.
Our bus services have not been up to scratch, with vast underfunding over the past few years.
We are hoping that the £955 million investment in our buses will give local communities the powers they need to hold operators to account on the punctuality of those buses, so that our young people can get to their colleges and schools on time.
What steps she is taking to improve transport infrastructure.
What steps she is taking to improve transport infrastructure.
What steps she is taking to improve transport infrastructure.
What steps she is taking to improve transport infrastructure.
We have heard over the last 14 years that the infrastructure sector and wider supply chain needs stability and certainty—no more chopping and changing—and last month’s Budget committed this Government to that approach, ensuring that people have access to transport services and infrastructure that meets their needs.
The Department’s capital settlement secures the delivery and development of infrastructure projects, including upgrades to rail in the north, further electrification of services between Church Fenton and York by 2026, and significant major road upgrades across the north of England.
I associate myself with the comments about Lord Prescott.
Public access to electric vehicle charging infrastructure is vital to encourage motorists to switch away from petrol and diesel vehicles, but the roll-out process is reliant on dedicated and experienced local authority resources, funding for which is due to run out next year.