Will the Minister work further with me and others so that we can solve this problem?
Of course, I recognise that Branston bridge is a vital part of Staffordshire county council’s road network, linking communities and businesses in   my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
In addition to the £500 million of maintenance funding that the Chancellor announced in the Budget, there is also £650 million of transport funding outside city regions next year.
Full detail on how that funding will be allocated will be confirmed in due course.
Several key roads in my constituency are either closed or partially closed for roadworks, which are being done by utility companies who are increasingly getting around road permits by declaring an emergency.
Will the Minister look into that to ensure that utility companies use emergency powers only when absolutely necessary?
The hon.
Member raises a really important point about the disruption of roadworks.
We are absolutely committed to ensuring that we mitigate those problems and deal with them exactly as he said.
I associate myself with the comments about Lord Prescott, a true working-class hero.
Constituents regularly tell me that the No.
57 bus that connects Stocksbridge to Sheffield is often delayed and does not always stop, even when bus stops are busy.
Will the Secretary of State confirm that the funding she announced this week will provide reliable and affordable bus routes connecting our rural and urban communities in Penistone and Stocksbridge?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend and colleague from Sheffield.
I am well aware of that bus route and can confirm that the £18 million settlement for South Yorkshire will deliver better, more reliable and more frequent services for the good people of Sheffield.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for your earlier words about John Prescott.
We woke today to the deeply sad news that we have lost a true giant of the Labour movement and of this House; a man who fought for working-class ambition because he lived it.
As one of the key architects of a Labour Government, John achieved that rare thing: he changed people’s lives and he set the path for us all to follow.
I will always be grateful to him for that.
He did it all in his own way, with humour, pride, passion and total conviction.
He truly was a one-off.
There will be a moment for fuller tributes, but today I send my deepest condolences and, I am sure, those of the whole House to John’s wife Pauline and his family, to the city of Hull, and to all those who knew and loved him.
His legacy lives on in all of us.
I wish to update the House on my engagements at COP and the G20.
We live in a dangerous and volatile world.
We all wish that that were not the case, but it is, and it means that global problems are reaching into the lives of our constituents more and more.
Climate change causes extreme weather, such as the terrible floods that we saw in September, and drives down economic growth; conflicts drive up the prices of fuel, food and energy and threaten our stability and security; and both are drivers of migration.
To serve the British people we must tackle these problems head-on, because they do not stop at our borders—and that is the fundamental point.
At every meeting I had at COP and the G20, and in every agreement I entered into, my focus was on tackling these problems to deliver growth and security for the British people.
At COP, I made the case that we must act on climate change and nature loss as some of the greatest long-term threats we face, and in doing so we must seize the opportunities of the low-carbon economy for investment, for UK businesses and for British workers.