When will he publish the plans to achieve this new target?
Where this Government do the right thing, we will back them; but where they put politics before people, and where they put press releases before practicality, we will hold them to account.
It is time for politicians to tell the truth, and it is time for the Prime Minister to provide some substance to back this costly rhetoric.
Given how badly things are going at home, I am sure it was a lot easier being in Baku and at the G20, but while the Prime Minister was in Rio de Janeiro, hard-working farmers were protesting outside the gates of Downing Street against his cruel family farm tax.
His Government have stoked inflation, and the Budget has caused employers to warn of job losses, price hikes and shop closures due to Labour’s jobs tax.
He needs to show that what he is doing abroad is in the interests of this country and making lives better.
That is why I welcome the Prime Minister’s continuation of FTA negotiations with India.
However, beyond the work we started, at the moment the Prime Minister’s foreign policy is a pick and mix of empty platitudes, unilateral commitments that he could have announced at home and dangerous precedents: rushing to give away the Chagos islands, and paying for the privilege; an ill-judged suspension of export licences to Israel, damaging our defence and security industry; and failing to set out a road map for spending 2.5% of GDP on defence, in a world that is becoming yet more dangerous.
I hope the Prime Minister is up to the very real and serious challenges posed to our security and prosperity.
He has many questions to answer this morning, and I look forward to hearing his response.
I thank the Leader of the Opposition for her tribute to John Prescott.
We really appreciate that, and I am sure his family will as well.
On the broad issue of Ukraine, I welcome the continued unity across the House.
The conflict has gone on for just over 1,000 days, and I am proud of the fact that throughout that time we have had unity across the House.
I welcome the fact that we will continue to do so.
If we  divide on the issue, the only winner will be Putin and I am not prepared to let that happen.
In relation to the G20 words, it was clear about the UN charter.
My position on doubling down was absolutely clear in everything I said on the record at G20 and in everything I have said and done in the past few weeks.
On China, I made it very clear in my meeting with the President that where we disagree, we will be frank and open about that disagreement and raise those issues of concern.
On the right hon.
Lady’s specific question about the action in Hong Kong, the Under-Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hornsey and Friern Barnet (Catherine West) , made a statement condemning that action just a few days ago.
I am happy to repeat and affirm her position, because that is the Government’s position.
The right hon.
Lady will have seen some of the references to other issues that I raised in my meeting.
Those issues are raised consistently with the Chinese by all members of this Government and, to be fair, they were raised by members of the previous Government when they were in office.
Again, there is a lot of common ground.
On COP, we used the meeting to push forward on the targets.
It is a shame that what used to be a cross-party issue not so many years ago—[Interruption.]
When COP was in Scotland, there was a real unity across the House about the importance of tackling one of the most central issues of our time.