We frequently engage with a wide range of stakeholders in this area, including the LGBT+ health adviser, Dr Michael Grady.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Darlington (Lola McEvoy)  spoke about the need for men to talk and to be able to access the services that they need.
She talked about a whole range of services, right from the time of needing paternity leave through to the needs of veterans—the whole age range of need for support for men.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Rugby (John Slinger)  talked about tackling stereotypes.
That reminded me of a quite old-fashioned headteacher, who I once worked under in a school in Swansea.
She said to the boys, “If you want to be in the rugby team, you must be in the choir.”
That is the same sort of idea: breaking down the stereotypes that men should not be doing artistic, wonderful and creative things as well as physical things.
My hon.
Friend also mentioned the tragedy of suicides and again talked about the organisations in his constituency that have done very good work in helping men in that respect.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Bracknell (Peter Swallow)  talked about stereotypes and the pressure of those stereotypes, men’s suicide, the need for mental health support for men and the need to encourage men to talk.
The spokesperson for the Liberal Democrats,  the hon.
Member for Winchester (Dr Chambers) , talked about farmers and how extraordinary and welcome it is to find middle-aged farmers now opening up.
Again, he mentioned the issue of prostate cancer and how, as a doctor, he would advise every man to get checked.
He stressed the importance of being open about health and talking about it.
I thank the shadow Secretary of State for his question.
We are proud of the work that we have done to ensure that every part of the country benefits from additional funding for their buses, and we will publish that later today.
We are absolutely clear and the figures are absolutely clear, because they are based on actual claims for agricultural property relief that have been made in recent years.
Those figures show that around three quarters of claims would be unaffected by the changes we have made.
Does the Conservative party accept the principle that 40% of the total value of agricultural property relief comes from ownership of the top 7% of claims by land value?
Do Conservative Members think that is a fair system?
Is that fair to young farmers trying to get into the industry?
Do they support the additional £6 billion we have put into farming as a result of the Budget?
They cannot support the funding going in if they do not support the measures needed to raise that investment in the first place.
Before we begin proceedings, I regret to have to inform the House of the death of Lord Prescott.
John served the people of Hull for 40 years as a Member of this House, 10 of them as Deputy Prime Minister.
He was a towering figure in the Labour and trade union movement, and a campaigner for workers.
He was a fearless, loyal, active unionist, a dedicated parliamentarian and an advocate for his constituents.
Our thoughts and prayers are with Pauline and the family.
There will be an opportunity for the House to pay fuller tributes next week.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What recent discussions she has had with the Mayor of London on financial support for Transport for London.
Mr Speaker, as maritime Minister, I pay tribute to John Prescott both for his life at sea and for introducing the tonnage tax back in 2000 as Secretary of State for Transport, which secured the UK’s position as a world leader in maritime services and trained a new generation of seafarers.