I too send my condolences to John Prescott’s family.
The town of Fleetwood and Thornton in my constituency has suffered poor transport connections for many years.
Will the Secretary of State update the House on the status of the funds to improve rail links across the country, and will the relevant Minister meet me to discuss ways to improve transport connections into and out of Thornton and Fleetwood?
My hon.
Friend is a champion for her constituency.
We confirmed significant investment in rail enhancements across the country in the Budget, but as we look to the second phase of the spending review we will be setting out the long-term infrastructure strategy.
On Fleetwood in particular, I am sure the local transport Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wakefield and Rothwell (Simon Lightwood) , would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss this particular transport need in her constituency.
At the last Transport questions on  10 October , I asked the Transport Secretary to confirm the status of the ringfenced funding for Aldridge train station.
She promised to reply in writing.
I followed this up with a letter.
To date, I have received no response.
The people of Aldridge deserve to know what has happened to the £30 million awarded to us for our new train station: can the Secretary of State tell us where it is, please?
I sincerely apologise to the right hon.
Lady and will make sure she receives that letter today.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Moving fast and fixing things is a promise not a soundbite.
Yesterday the landmark Passenger Railway Services (Public Ownership) Bill completed its passage through this place and now awaits Royal Assent.
This is a significant milestone, bringing the railways back into public hands, restoring trust after years of lack of trust and renewing a promise to passengers that the railways can work better for them.
At the same time, we are tackling rail performance now.
London North Eastern Railway and TransPennine Express cancellations are down.
I have tasked the Office of Rail and Road with reviewing ticket enforcements.
On roads, this Government’s £500 million boost for local highways next year will support local leaders to fix up to 1 million more potholes per year, delivering on our manifesto pledge.
On top of this, we are delivering transformative investment in infrastructure that connects our great cities and towns.
This Government are delivering transport enhancements that drive growth, improve lives and connect every corner of the country.
The storm in 2014 broke the Dawlish sea wall, collapsed cliffs and blocked the south-west main line for months.
Will the Secretary of State assure us that the crucial rail resilience programme final phase will be funded so that Network Rail keeps the project alive, rather than halting it in its tracks?
As we look to settling Network Rail’s control period 7, of course that will be a major consideration in the next funding settlement.
Earlier this year the Prime Minister committed to working with metro mayors on improving rail links between Manchester and Liverpool.
Skelmersdale in my constituency is a town of 40,000 people slap-bang between those two great cities and does not have a train station.
What measures in the Budget will help support transport links for my constituents, and will the Transport Secretary meet me to discuss rail links and a station train for Skem?
The Budget committed significant funding both for mayoral areas and those not covered by mayoral combined authorities through the local transport fund.
Crucially, new powers will be delivered to those areas to ensure they can take back control of their local public transport services.
Of course I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss this further.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Greater London is the most heavily populated and most economically active area in the whole country.