The Access for All programme will deliver 32 step-free stations this financial year, the most since that programme started.
Anyone unable to use a station in the meantime can book alternative transport with the operator at no additional cost.
If she will take steps to help reduce overcrowding on Chiltern Railways services.
The Secretary of State for Transport, Lord Hendy and officials continue to work closely with Chiltern Railways to support delivery of an improved passenger experience.
To reduce crowding, Chiltern periodically adjusts its timetable, responding to passenger demand.
It is exploring options for procuring additional trains, in order to relieve crowding while ensuring value for money for the taxpayer.
Haddenham and Thame Parkway train station is a key transport hub for my residents who commute regularly to London.
However, constituents face overcrowded trains; some even report fainting on hot, stuffy trains.
I understand that Chiltern Railways has an active business case with the Department for Transport.
Will the Minister approve, as a matter of priority, the replacement trains and carriages that it is requesting?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for that question on behalf of those people who travel on Chiltern Railways.
The Rail Minister has assured me that the cascaded rolling stock is under active consideration in the Department, and we will complete the process as soon as possible.
If she will take steps to help ensure that the Tyne Bridge is restored in time for its centenary in 2028.
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question —she is a great champion for her city.
It is the responsibility of Newcastle city council to manage the bridge restoration project, but we encourage the council to do all it can to ensure that the restoration of this iconic bridge is completed in time for its centenary celebrations.
As the chair of the all-party parliamentary group on jazz, I want to add to the many tributes paid to the great Lord Prescott by saying that he was a champion of jazz and a jazz lover as well.
I do hope that the Minister will be able to join us on the restored Tyne bridge for its centenary celebrations in 2028.
However, she may be aware that an uplift to the funding announced under the previous Government for the restoration has not yet materialised, and inflation and issues uncovered during the project have led to a rise in costs.
Could she confirm to me that the difficult decisions this Government have made mean that the uplift in funding will be available for the fully restored Tyne bridge?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that fantastic invitation on 2028.
This Government’s manifesto was clear that we want to forge ahead with infrastructure improvements as part of our mission to kick-start economic growth.
As with all schemes in the major road network programme, the Department’s contribution is fixed once the scheme is approved, and Newcastle city council was awarded over £35 million towards the total cost of the scheme.
However, I absolutely commend her for championing this important project.
As she says, it is one of the world’s most iconic bridges, and we are happy to keep this in mind in the context of the spending review.
What steps she is taking to decarbonise the transport sector.
The Government are committed to delivering greener transport.
The Department is overhauling public  transport services to make the sustainable choice the most convenient choice.
It is turbocharging the roll-out of electric vehicles and charging infrastructure, and it is making the UK a world leader in the production and use of sustainable aviation fuels.
Transport is decarbonising more slowly than other sectors because, while car emissions have fallen by 20% since 1990, haulage emissions have barely moved.
Earlier this month, my constituency hosted the East Midlands Hydrogen summit, where we saw how heavy goods vehicles can be powered through green, clean hydrogen.