The Department’s capital settlement secures the delivery and development of infrastructure projects, including upgrades to rail in the north, further electrification of services between Church Fenton and York by 2026, and significant major road upgrades across the north of England.
I associate myself with the comments about Lord Prescott.
Public access to electric vehicle charging infrastructure is vital to encourage motorists to switch away from petrol and diesel vehicles, but the roll-out process is reliant on dedicated and experienced local authority resources, funding for which is due to run out next year.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss measures to avoid local authorities becoming bottlenecks in the roll-out of publicly accessible EV charging infrastructure?
The hon.
Gentleman makes an important point.
Our manifesto was clear that we are committed to accelerating the electric vehicle charge point roll-out, particularly to address the inequity across the country.
I fully recognise the importance of local authorities in achieving that, and in the Budget we announced over £200 million of investment in charging for 2025-26, including that important support for local authorities.
I am sure that my hon.
Friend the Minister for the future of roads would be happy to meet him.
The Dartford crossing linking Essex and Kent is a key piece of transport infrastructure in my constituency.
However, since moving to a new charging system last year, there have been serious failings in the administration of the Dart charge.
Problems include credit not being carried over from the old system.
Cars have incorrectly been charged, accounts have been closed in error and, in one particularly egregious example, a constituent of mine was told by an enforcement agent standing on her doorstep that she owed £8,000.
I thank the Secretary of State for her attention on this matter.
Will she update the House on the steps that her Department is taking to resolve the matter?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this important issue.
I have received several representations about its impact on drivers who use the Dartford crossing.
It is essential that when errors occur they are cleared up quickly, and with compassion for those affected.
I expect National Highways to work with its service providers at the Dartford crossing to ensure that that happens, and my hon.
Friend the Minister for the future of roads has been holding National Highways to account.
My officials are continuing to work with National Highways to drive down incorrect penalty charge notices and provide much better support to customers.
The Labour mayors Andy Burnham and Richard Parker are developing proposals for a new rail link between Birmingham and Manchester.
What engagement has the Department had with the mayors and investors in relation to this project, and does my right hon.
Friend agree that, as a key transport hub, Crewe must be at the heart of any future rail infrastructure connecting the north and the midlands?
My hon.
Friend has consistently stood up for Crewe in the wake of the cancellation of HS2.
Crewe was particularly badly hit by that announcement.
I was pleased to meet with Mayors Burnham and Parker this week to discuss their proposals to address the capacity and connectivity issues north of Birmingham, and I will continue to engage with all relevant stakeholders on this topic.
I welcome the Government’s recommitment to improving public transport and rail infrastructure across Britain.
In Monmouthshire, we are eagerly awaiting the innovative Magor walkway station, which will reduce M4 congestion, improve public transport and, most importantly, help us in our mission to bring economic growth and boost the economy locally.
Will the Secretary of State commit to working with me and Welsh Ministers to deliver the five Burns stations, including the Magor walkway, and will she meet me to discuss progress?
I am familiar with Lord Burns’s recommendations for new stations in south Wales to relieve congestion on the M4 motorway, and I am in discussions with my right hon.