It is turbocharging the roll-out of electric vehicles and charging infrastructure, and it is making the UK a world leader in the production and use of sustainable aviation fuels.
Transport is decarbonising more slowly than other sectors because, while car emissions have fallen by 20% since 1990, haulage emissions have barely moved.
Earlier this month, my constituency hosted the East Midlands Hydrogen summit, where we saw how heavy goods vehicles can be powered through green, clean hydrogen.
What steps is the Department taking, and what steps will it take, to support green hydrogen in the use of heavy goods vehicles?
It is great that my hon.
Friend is such a champion of hydrogen.
The Department’s £200 million zero emission HGV and infrastructure demonstration programme is funding hundreds of hydrogen fuel cell and battery electric HGVs and their refuelling and recharging infrastructure.
To support the transition to zero emission HGVs, data will be published and widely shared with the haulage and logistics industry.
Yesterday, Ford announced that 4,000 jobs are going across Europe, including 800 here, many of which are in my constituency of Basildon and Billericay.
There are real concerns about the lack of take-up of electric vehicles because the Government are not providing clear enough long-term support, and about the extra taxes imposed on both ICE—internal combustion engine—vehicles and electric vehicles through vehicle excise duty at the Budget.
Would the Minister meet me and other affected MPs to see what can be done to address these important issues affecting workers in our constituencies?
The right hon.
Member is right to raise this, and the Secretary of State did meet Ford yesterday.
We understand that this is a concerning time for workers at Ford, especially as it is a significant player in the UK’s automotive industry.
We committed £200 million in the Budget for this area of work, and we hope to alleviate the situation as soon as humanly possible.
What financial support she is providing to local transport authorities and mayors.
In the Budget, the Government confirmed over £1 billion of funding to support bus services, an additional £200 million for eligible mayors, over £650 million for local transport outside the city regions, a £500 million increase in local highways maintenance and £485 million for Transport for London, which includes funding for rolling stock on the Piccadilly and Elizabeth lines.
May I, too, associate myself with the tributes paid to the late Lord Prescott?
I commend the Government’s initiatives to increase connectivity across London.
For example, the new zero emission buses are making public transport so much more convenient and greener.
Nearly half of my constituents  in Ilford South travel by public transport.
What support is the Secretary of State providing to the Mayor of London, and TfL in particular, to ensure that my constituents can continue to commute to work?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his championing of his constituents’ ability to commute affordably and reliably.
The Government provided Transport for London with £485 million of capital funding for 2025-26, which includes funding for the procurement of new trains and rolling stock.
What steps she is taking to improve rail connectivity.
For too long, poor performance and connectivity particularly across the north of England has been tolerated.
That is why one of my top five transport priorities is improving performance on the railways and driving forward reform.
The Budget confirmed significant investment in rail enhancements, such as the TransPennine route upgrade, and we are committed to improving connectivity in addition to our work improving our overall network.
I too send my condolences to John Prescott’s family.
The town of Fleetwood and Thornton in my constituency has suffered poor transport connections for many years.
Will the Secretary of State update the House on the status of the funds to improve rail links across the country, and will the relevant Minister meet me to discuss ways to improve transport connections into and out of Thornton and Fleetwood?