Many families across the country will be worried not just about climate change, but about an increasingly insecure world: the devastating conflict in the middle east; the actions of China, not least with the continuing imprisonment of Jimmy Lai; the war in Sudan, of which I was alarmed to see no mention in the G20 declaration; and on our own continent, where Putin’s forces continue to wage their illegal and outrageous war against the innocent people of Ukraine.
On the middle east, we welcome the reiteration of the G20’s commitment to the two-state solution and the calls for ceasefires in Gaza and Lebanon.
But with the United States once again vetoing a UN resolution for a ceasefire in Gaza, does the Prime Minister agree that now is the moment for the UK to recognise the independent state of Palestine?
On Ukraine, we welcome the new approvals on long-range missiles.
We must give our Ukrainian allies whatever they need to win this war.
The reality is that that support should have been given sooner.
Why has it taken the threat of a second Trump presidency for there to be action?
This is a war for our security and for the values we hold dear.
Does the Prime Minister agree that now is the moment for the UK to lead in Europe?
Will the Prime Minister convene a summit of European leaders to seize the Russian assets which are at our fingertips?
We must not and cannot look back at this moment and wonder whether we could have done more.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his tribute to John Prescott.
I was pleased to set out our emissions targets and of course we will set out our plan, but the single most important issue is achieving clean power by 2030.
That is the game changer and one of the Government’s five missions.
On Sudan, he rightly raises an important issue, which I did raise at the G20.
On Gaza, we supported the UN Security Council resolution, as I referenced in my words earlier.
We have a long-standing policy on recognising Palestine as part of the process.
A two-state solution is the only way for a political solution to this awful and ongoing conflict.
On Ukraine, careful decisions are made, co-ordinated and collaborated with our key allies.
On Russian assets, action is being taken.
That is already being done in a number of forums, as I think the right hon.
Gentleman knows.
I congratulate the Prime Minister on the restoration of UK leadership.
Lord Prescott, who did so much to lead on Kyoto, would be truly proud of my right hon.
Friend’s work and that of his Cabinet.
I was very proud to lead the UK Inter-Parliamentary Union delegation to Baku this weekend, where we heard loud and clear a report from finance experts who say that we need $1 trillion a year in climate finance between now and 2030.
The UK has led from the front, but the reality is that we cannot hit that target without building a bigger World Bank.
We could lead that charge by recycling some of the £3 billion we get back from the European Investment Bank.
Is that an initiative the Prime Minister could look into?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his question.
On UK leadership, we are back leading on the stage.
The sentiment among other leaders is that they are glad to see the UK back, leading on these issues.
Their words to me are that they feel there has been an absence under the previous Government.
On finance, this is really important.
There are a number of ways we should and can leverage private money to meet very important challenges, whether the global climate challenge or other challenges.
We took steps at COP to set out how those mechanisms could be improved.