We agreed to raise the ambition of our UK-India comprehensive strategic partnership, which covers security, defence, technology, climate, health and education, building on the unique bonds and cultural ties between our two countries.
Crucially, this work will start with trade and investment, and I am pleased to say that we agreed to relaunch free trade agreement negotiations early in the new year.
I also held a bilateral meeting with President Xi.
This was the first leader-level meeting between the United Kingdom and China for six years.
We had a frank, constructive and pragmatic discussion as G20 economies and permanent members of the UN Security Council.
At a time of huge volatility, we both recognise the importance of engagement.
I was clear that we will always act in our national interest, but we need to work together on challenges such as climate change and delivering growth.
We agreed a new dialogue on these issues, which my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor will take forward with Vice Premier He in Beijing.
Of course, there will continue to be areas where we do not agree, and we will address them clearly and frankly.
They include a number of human rights issues, the sanctioning of Members of this House and, of course, Hong Kong, but here too we need to engage.
The lesson of history is that we are better able to deal with problems, and the world is safer, when leaders talk, so we agreed to keep this channel of communication open.
Although it was not on the formal agenda of the G20, the spectre of conflict loomed large over the summit.
Conflict is spreading misery, destruction and despair, and causing children to starve and families to flee their homes.
I called again for the immediate and unconditional release of the hostages in Gaza, who are always uppermost in our minds.
I also called for an immediate ceasefire in Gaza and for a massive increase in the flow of aid, which is desperately needed.
Yesterday, we backed a UN Security Council resolution to that end.
We must find ways to make this international pressure count, to end the suffering on all sides.
The G20 coincided with the marking of 1,000 days of conflict in Ukraine.
For the third year running, Putin did not attend.
Instead, on the eve of the summit, he launched Russia’s biggest attack for months, killing yet more innocent Ukrainians and hitting civilian energy infrastructure at the start of winter, and he indulged yet again in dangerous, irresponsible rhetoric.
This is a member of the UN Security Council acting with contempt for the UN charter.
Whereas Brazil made finding solutions to hunger and poverty the focus of its presidency, in recent weeks Russian missiles have continued to rain down on civilian ships carrying grain bound for Africa.
It could not be more clear: this is a man who wants destruction, not peace.
After 1,000 days of war—1,000 days of Ukrainian bravery and sacrifice—I am clear that we must double down on our support.
We will not be deterred or distracted by reckless threats.
We have consistently said that we will do what it takes to support Ukraine and put it in the best possible position going into the winter.
The UK’s support for Ukraine is always for self-defence, and it is proportionate, co-ordinated and agile.
It is a response to Russia’s own actions, and it is in accordance with international law.
Under article 51 of the UN charter, Ukraine has a clear right of self-defence against Russia’s illegal attacks.
I say again that Russia could roll back its forces and end this war tomorrow.
Until then, we will stand up for what we know is right, for Ukraine’s security and for our own security, and we will back Ukraine with what is needed for as long as it is needed.
In challenging times, I take the view that British leadership matters more than ever.