Friend to discuss this further.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Greater London is the most heavily populated and most economically active area in the whole country.
It also has the highest level of bus use.
In the last financial year, the level of bus subsidy in London amounted to £646 million.
In the Secretary of State’s statement on Monday, of the £1 billion of funding that she indicated, £700 million will be spent on producing bus planning documents, and only £243 million is going to bus services.
That will not touch the sides, will it?
Is the truth not that, far from it being generational reform, it is publicly funded window dressing?
The way that the previous Government approached bus service improvement plans was to force local authorities to waste money on developing those  plans.
This money is going directly to authorities to make sure they are delivering public services.
Public transport is a public service and it should always be funded.
John Prescott was a good friend, and condolences go to his wife Pauline and his family and friends.
Northumberland’s biggest town, Blyth, is in desperate need of a relief road.
It was much promised by the previous Government, and the plan was submitted before the general election in 2024.
Can the Minister update the House on that plan’s progress?
Like my hon.
Friend, we are all thinking of Lord Prescott and his family today.
My officials have had meetings with Northumberland county council, which is working to strengthen the case and provide further analytical work before the scheme can be fully appraised.
I would be happy to update my hon.
Friend on those discussions when I can do so.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I congratulate the Secretary of State on the passing of the Passenger Railway Services (Public Ownership) Bill yesterday.
Northern Rail has been publicly owned for the past four years, running trains on tracks that have been publicly owned for more than two decades.
Sadly, Northern Rail still has some of the worst cancellation and punctuality rates in the country.
Can the Secretary of State tell us what she has learned from her Department’s experience with Northern Rail?
What else is she planning beyond nationalisation to improve the rail network?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his party’s support in passing the public ownership Bill yesterday in the other place.
He is right, and I have made clear to Northern Rail that its performance is not acceptable.
We are addressing that through new agreements on rest-day working to drive down cancellations, and crucially through integrating operations with Network Rail to deliver savings and better performance.
I would like to share the experience of Northern Rail services of one of my constituents who commutes to work from Lostock to Manchester.
On 30 October, the 1639 service leaving Manchester was cancelled, the 1708 was cancelled, the 1808 was cancelled and the 1839 was cancelled.
The one running train, the 1739, was so overcrowded that no one at stations further down the line could board it.
Does the Minister agree that my hard-working constituents in Bolton West deserve better?
Yes, I am on the same line.
I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend.
I have repeatedly made clear that it is not good enough.
We inherited a railway where workforce terms and conditions were completely outdated and not fit for a modern railway.
We are addressing that, and as a result Northern’s cancellations are starting to come down, but we appreciate that there is still a long way to go.
The last Government and Surrey county council were working on progressing junction improvements with the A31 at Hickley’s Corner in Farnham.
Can the Minister confirm that that improvement will go ahead?
In addition, the pressure on the A325 through Wrecclesham is becoming intolerable.
Will she work with local authorities to provide a Wrecclesham bypass, which is so sought by my constituents?