I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for recognising the appalling state of our local roads, and the appalling backlog that we inherited.
The significant uplift allocated for next year will start to turn the page on 14 years of decline, but of course that cannot be achieved overnight.
What recent assessment she has made of the adequacy of bus services in rural areas.
Fourteen years of decline in local bus services under the previous Administration has hit communities across the country hard, especially in rural areas.
This Government know that buses are a lifeline, and through our upcoming buses Bill, we will give all local leaders the powers that they need to design networks that meet the needs of their communities, including measures to ensure that vital services for passengers remain running.
Many of my Thornbury and Yate constituents have been impacted by the loss of the 84/85 bus.
I am told that funding is made more difficult because that bus is a cross-border service between Gloucestershire and the west of England.
Does the Minister agree that the rules need clarifying, so that they do not get in the way of ensuring that we keep important bus services running?
I absolutely recognise the concern that arises when vital bus services are lost, which the hon.
Lady mentioned.
That is why, in the forthcoming buses Bill, we will explore a local network management measure that will give local transport authorities the power to ensure that cuts to local networks are made only when absolutely necessary, thus protecting people like her constituents, who relied on that vital bus service.
I call Chris Bloore.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for recognising my half-bob.
My thoughts are with Lord Prescott’s family; he was one of the first politicians I met as a young student, and he certainly made an impression.
May I congratulate the Secretary of State and the Minister on the £9.3 million investment in buses in Worcestershire?
I represent a rural constituency where people have not been able to get to work, access health services or stay connected with friends and family.
This investment may well make a real difference to their lives.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to speak up for his constituents in Worcestershire, and about the difference that will be made by the funding that this Government are providing.
It will ensure that his constituents have the connections that were cut off for too long under the previous Government.
What steps she is taking to improve the accessibility of railway stations for disabled people.
Ensuring that rail services and facilities are accessible to all is a core principle of our plan to fix Britain’s broken rail system.
The Department is carefully considering the best approach to station accessibility, and recognises the huge social and economic benefits it brings to communities.
MPs and stakeholders will be updated in due course.
After Northwich station collapsed in 2021, an Access for All application was submitted, with the support of local partners, to add step-free access to the Chester-bound platform.
Unfortunately, that opportunity was missed by the last Government, and the station has been rebuilt without those accessibility improvements.
I welcome the inclusion of improving accessibility in Great British Railways’ mandate, but what steps can be taken to ensure that stations such as Northwich see improvements while we wait for GBR to get up and running?
First, I thank my hon.
Friend for picking up the baton on Northwich station—we all remember the terrible situation when the canopy collapsed.
This Government are committed to improving the accessibility of the railway, and recognise its huge social and economic benefits.
The Access for All programme will deliver 32 step-free stations this financial year, the most since that programme started.
Anyone unable to use a station in the meantime can book alternative transport with the operator at no additional cost.
If she will take steps to help reduce overcrowding on Chiltern Railways services.