Can the Minister confirm that that improvement will go ahead?
In addition, the pressure on the A325 through Wrecclesham is becoming intolerable.
Will she work with local authorities to provide a Wrecclesham bypass, which is so sought by my constituents?
I would be happy to get my officials to write to the hon.
Gentleman to provide an update on discussions around those important schemes.
The  key to improved rail performance in my constituency is the reinstatement of rail infrastructure, notably the Burscough curves, alongside improved services to Manchester, where my constituents are also continually let down by Northern Rail.
Does the Secretary of State agree that one of the best ways to achieve the high growth that the country needs is to improve those transport connections?
Will she meet me to discuss that further?
Our manifesto was clear that we are committed to improving rail connectivity in the north of England.
I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend to address the specific issues on that line.
The Ely and Haughley upgrades are vital for getting freight from Felixstowe off roads and on to rail, reducing congestion on the A14 and providing much-needed relief to villages such as Kentford in my constituency.
Can the Secretary of State commit to a timescale for their commencement?
I am well aware of the strong case for the Ely junction improvement and the impact that will have on freight.
That is absolutely being considered as we look towards the 10-year infrastructure strategy and we consider GBR’s stretching target for getting freight off the roads and on to the railways.
Next year will mark the 180th anniversary of Wymondham train station, but sadly it is not accessible to all.
A great birthday present for my station would be to make it so.
Will the Minister meet me and the Wymondham access group to ensure that we can deliver that for the future?
I think a yes will do.
Sure thing.
My condolences to John Prescott’s family.
I am long enough in the tooth to remember when he was the Transport Secretary.
A feasibility study on the Borders rail link was a fundamental part of the Borderlands growth deal.
For some reason, the Scottish Government do not seem to prioritise transport links with England, so it is vital that the Department pushes that forward.
I am engaged with the Transport Minister in Scotland on exactly that issue.
I am regularly contacted by constituents of mine who are concerned about delays and cancellations on the Tyne Valley line, which is so fundamental to my constituency.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss delays and improvements to that line?
My hon.
Friend is right that Northern rail services on that line are very poor.
That is exactly what we are addressing through continued negotiation on rest-day working agreements.
My noble Friend the Rail Minister will be happy to meet him.
We have just seen the third fatality in six months at the Plusha junction in my constituency.
How many more lives will be lost before her Department, National Highways and Cornwall Council finally plan to implement a flyover at this accident blackspot?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to raise that.
We are developing the first road safety strategy in over 10 years, and improvements in infrastructure like that are exactly what will be considered under that plan.
Branston bridge in my constituency, a main route in and out of Burton and Branston, is falling down.
It was confirmed yesterday that it will be closed to vehicles for safety reasons, which is causing significant distress to residents, local businesses and commuters.
Will the Minister work further with me and others so that we can solve this problem?
Of course, I recognise that Branston bridge is a vital part of Staffordshire county council’s road network, linking communities and businesses in   my hon.
Friend’s constituency.