That is why these matters have been raised repeatedly, and I myself raised them in the meeting I had earlier this week and will continue to do so.
I am happy to be clear about that condemnation and to repeat that for him.
I know the Prime Minister shares my disappointment at the weakness of the G20 statement on Ukraine, compared with the G7 statement.
When he met President Xi, did he raise China’s support of Russia in the war in Ukraine and ask him to step back and join us in trying to end the war in Ukraine on fair terms for the Ukrainians?
Yes, I did raise the position of China’s stance in relation to the conflict and there is a clear read-out of the meeting.
It is not the first time that has been raised by this Government or, in fairness, by the previous one.
Not all members of the G20 at the summit are as concerned about the Russian invasion of Ukraine as the UK is.
Ahead of the summit, it was said that the Prime Minister would talk about the “unfathomable consequences” if Putin succeeds.
Did the Prime Minister talk to some of those sceptical leaders about those consequences?
If so, what did they say?
Yes, of course I did.
Russia is a member of the G20.
Putin was not there.
The Conservative party seems to be suggesting that we should not have been there either, which I find a very odd implication.
But, yes, it is really important to take every opportunity at these sorts of meetings to have the discussions that we need to have at leader level not only with our close allies, but with those who do not agree with us, so that we can raise those concerns and try to find a way forward, which is what we did.
Mr Speaker, may I associate myself with your remarks, the Prime Minister’s remarks and the remarks  of others about the late Lord Prescott?
He really was a one-off, and I will never forget his kindness and support of me.
On the substantive issue of the statement, I wish to congratulate the Prime Minister and colleagues on last night’s Security Council vote to try to get Israel to provide humanitarian access to Gaza.
But on its own, the vote will not stop the Israeli Government’s destruction of Palestinian lives and homes.
The inaction that we saw from the previous Government over the past year means that there is an even greater pressure on this Government to act quickly.
Given that Israeli Government Ministers are knowingly ignoring international law and ordering preparations for the annexation of illegal settlements to start in January, will the Prime Minister impose sanctions on them and the organisations that fund them?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising the important issue of the west bank and settlements.
It is a major and escalating cause of concern and has been for some time.
Certainly, sanctions have been imposed in the past and will continue to be imposed.
I welcome the Prime Minister’s statement condemning China’s actions, but can he make a commitment here, now and completely clearly that, before any Minister meets any Chinese official, they will meet with the family of Jimmy Lai, or indeed any of the other many Hongkongers who are here and whose families have now been detained.
We know—we can brief the Prime Minister on this—that there are Hongkongers who are threatened by the Chinese state here in the UK today, and it is his job to defend the people of this country, not to bow to the people in Beijing.
Defending the people of this country is what we do every day.
Raising these important issues is the right way to do it.
I was very clear about what I raised, and that is a matter of public record, as the right hon.
Member will well know.