An increasing amount of Transport for London’s funding comes from punitive taxes on motorists, including those in my constituency of Bromley and Biggin Hill.
There are reports that the Mayor of London was actively planning to charge drivers up to 60p a mile to drive.
Will the Secretary of State take the opportunity to discourage the mayor from introducing pay-per-mile road user charging across Greater London?
I am sure that the hon.
Gentleman is fully aware that the mayor has repeatedly made it clear that he has no plans to act on road user charging.
I call the shadow Minister.
We will all miss John Prescott.
He was a titan of our politics, and a man not afraid to come out swinging for what he believed in.
The figures show that capital spending on transport is not rising under Labour; it will fall by 3.1% in real terms next year.
We have huge tax rises and a more than £70 billion increase in tax.
Labour’s black hole myth has been debunked by the Office for Budget Responsibility, the Financial Times and the Institute for Fiscal Studies—all real economists—so why the cut in capital spending?
The Secretary of State was out of her depth when she negotiated a £9,000 pay rise for ASLEF train drivers with nothing in return.
Was she out of her depth when she negotiated with her own Chancellor?
This Budget delivered £1 billion funding for local bus services and transformational capital investment in infrastructure projects, such as the trans-Pennine route upgrade, the A57 and, of course, East West Rail.
This Government are committed to investing, investing, investing in transport, transport, transport.
What steps she is taking to simplify railway ticketing.
This Government are committed to reviewing the over-complicated fares system to simplify it.
We only have to look on social media any day of the week to see examples of people being confused and wrongly prosecuted because of the confusing nature of the rail system.
My officials  are exploring how ticketing innovations such as digital pay-as–you-go and digital season tickets can be rolled out more widely as quickly as possible.
I associate myself with the tributes paid to John Prescott.
Radio Merseyside has featured many stories about passengers who were fined because they bought train tickets in good faith, only to find out that they were the wrong ones.
Some of my Knowsley constituents find themselves being fined or denied travel by Merseytravel for buying tickets legitimately online.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to work with our mayor, Steve Rotherham, and with Merseyrail and other operators, to ensure that passengers are not unfairly penalised, and to create a clear and fair ticketing system that is easy for everyone to use?
We are working with the mayors as we look to establish Great British Railways.
I have asked the Office of Rail and Road to conduct an independent review of rail operators’ revenue protection practices.
That launches today and will involve devolved operators, where appropriate.
Addressing fare evasion is a priority, but we must always treat passengers fairly and appropriately.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
May I join others in expressing my party’s sympathy for the family, friends, colleagues and former constituents of John Prescott?
He was a towering figure.
I welcome the Secretary of State’s comments on simplifying ticketing.
That will doubtless help to get people back on to the railways.
Affordability is also critical to increasing the use of public transport.
Alongside her 50% hike in bus fares, the Chancellor buried on page 97 of the Budget an above-inflation rail fare increase of 4.6%.
That kicks in from March 2025, just when we expect public ownership of the railroads to begin.
Ahem.
Now that the railways are coming under her guardianship, will the Secretary of State assure the House that that will be the last above-inflation rail fare increase in this Parliament?
Order.
Questions should be a bit shorter.