On COP, we used the meeting to push forward on the targets.
It is a shame that what used to be a cross-party issue not so many years ago—[Interruption.]
When COP was in Scotland, there was a real unity across the House about the importance of tackling one of the most central issues of our time.
The fact that the Leader of the Opposition is now taking the position of attacking the very idea of setting targets shows just how far the Conservative party has fallen.
On this issue, I was proud that under some of her predecessors we had that unity.
It is a shame that has now been lost because of the position adopted by the Opposition.
The right hon.
Lady referenced my being at G20 in Rio when the farmers were protesting.
G20 is an opportunity for the leading economies of the world to get together and discuss questions of common issues on the economy and security.
If her implication is that the UK should not be there at leader level—that we should join Putin in avoiding that meeting—and that is the position of her party, then she should say so.
I call the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee.
At this time of such great uncertainty and with so many threats, there has never been a more important time for Britain to be back on the world stage, and we have been missed.
We can be a force for good, and our great friend, the sadly missed John Prescott, would be cheering the Prime Minister on as he takes a leadership role in tackling the most important threat of all—climate change.
John was an early champion of that.
Will my right hon.
Friend give us more details about how the UK-led global clean power alliance uses our convening power on international finance to unlock private finance, support the climate transition and help the developing world?
The clean power alliance is a global alliance, and countries are lining up to sign our initiative to speed up the development of renewables to  ensure we have the funding—and that is the great opportunity.
Climate is a huge challenge and we have obligations that we must meet globally, but it is also the single biggest opportunity we have for investment in jobs in this country, for energy security and to ensure the safety and security of everyone in this country.
I call the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
Mr Speaker, may I echo your words about the passing of John Prescott?
He dedicated himself to serving people and his enormous influence will be felt long into the future, not just in this country but around the world, with his incredible achievement of securing the world’s first international agreement on climate change at Kyoto.
Our thoughts are with his family and friends, and with those across the House, too.
I thank the Prime Minister for his statement.
I welcome his commitment at Baku to the new emissions targets.
We support those targets.
When will he set out an action plan to meet them?
Many families across the country will be worried not just about climate change, but about an increasingly insecure world: the devastating conflict in the middle east; the actions of China, not least with the continuing imprisonment of Jimmy Lai; the war in Sudan, of which I was alarmed to see no mention in the G20 declaration; and on our own continent, where Putin’s forces continue to wage their illegal and outrageous war against the innocent people of Ukraine.
On the middle east, we welcome the reiteration of the G20’s commitment to the two-state solution and the calls for ceasefires in Gaza and Lebanon.
But with the United States once again vetoing a UN resolution for a ceasefire in Gaza, does the Prime Minister agree that now is the moment for the UK to recognise the independent state of Palestine?