In Monmouthshire, we are eagerly awaiting the innovative Magor walkway station, which will reduce M4 congestion, improve public transport and, most importantly, help us in our mission to bring economic growth and boost the economy locally.
Will the Secretary of State commit to working with me and Welsh Ministers to deliver the five Burns stations, including the Magor walkway, and will she meet me to discuss progress?
I am familiar with Lord Burns’s recommendations for new stations in south Wales to relieve congestion on the M4 motorway, and I am in discussions with my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Wales and Welsh Ministers on these proposals.
I would be more than happy to discuss progress with my hon.
Friend.
I thank the Secretary of State for agreeing to meet me and  the hon.
Member for Westmorland and Lonsdale (Tim Farron)  about the A66.
While there is a strong economic case for dualling, the road safety considerations concern me most.
As she will know, 12 people tragically lost their life on the road last week.
I recently met constituents in Ravensworth who live near one of the single carriageway sections of the road.
They live daily with those fears.
Will she reassure them that she and her team will keep road safety considerations uppermost in their mind as they think about the future of the A66?
The former Prime Minister managed to ask two questions, because he asked his first behind the Chair earlier.
I am more than happy to meet him to discuss the A66, which we are considering and which provides that crucial northern trans-Pennine connectivity.
I reassure him that we take road safety seriously, particularly on that section of road.
We are in the process of developing the first road safety strategy in more than a decade.
Bath’s council is consulting on creating 6.2 km of cycle roads.
The recent £100 million increase to the active travel fund is welcome, but councils need long-term funding.
Will the Secretary of State commit to long-term funding of the active travel plans?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right, and we were pleased to overturn the previous Government’s cuts to Active Travel England, ensuring that it can help authorities such as Bath scale up their capability and capacity and deliver those important active travel routes.
As we look towards the second phase of the spending review, the ambition is absolutely to move to multi- year settlements, deliver that important consistency and sustainability for local authorities.
I thank the Minister with responsibility for roads for meeting my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Salisbury (John Glen)  and me last week to discuss the future of the A303 and the north-south routes through Wiltshire; village roads are clogged with heavy goods vehicle traffic.
Seeing as the Government have scrapped the Stonehenge tunnel, saving billions of pounds, I implore the Minister, as she  considers the road investment strategy for next year, to think about mitigation of the unsustainable traffic problems that we have in Wiltshire.
We have been waiting years for improvements.
Please could that be considered as part of the next RIS?
As the hon.
Gentleman will be aware, the Minister has already asked National Highways to meet the hon.
Gentleman and his colleagues to discuss those important issues.
We will place statutory duties and stretching freight targets on Great British Railways to encourage freight off the roads and on to the railways, but we are absolutely considering the specific congestion issues in the south-west as we look towards the road investment strategy.
An increasing amount of Transport for London’s funding comes from punitive taxes on motorists, including those in my constituency of Bromley and Biggin Hill.
There are reports that the Mayor of London was actively planning to charge drivers up to 60p a mile to drive.
Will the Secretary of State take the opportunity to discourage the mayor from introducing pay-per-mile road user charging across Greater London?