This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
May I associate myself with the Prime Minister’s remarks?
At a recent coffee morning, residents in Southampton Itchen told me how much they still miss the Bitterne NHS walk-in centre, which was shut down a decade ago under the Conservatives.
May I begin by welcoming this Government’s 10-year plan and its commitment to neighbourhood health services?
Does the Prime Minister agree that, as we put this plan for change into action for my local residents, Bitterne is an excellent location for the first new neighbourhood health centre?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for making the case for his constituents.
I know the Health Secretary will give it every consideration.
The 10-year plan will establish neighbourhood health centres in every community and will make a massive difference, starting in the places where the need is greatest and life expectancy is at its lowest.
I am proud that we promised 2 million extra NHS appointments in the first year of a Labour Government and we have now delivered 4 million.
We should not forget that the record investment in the Budget, which made that possible, was opposed by all the Opposition parties.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
I echo the Prime Minister’s sentiments about the horrific terrorist attack of  7 July .
I was pleased to be at the commemoration service on Monday.
In particular, our thoughts are with the families of those who lost their lives, those who had to go on without their loved ones.
I would like to pay tribute to Lord Tebbit, who died yesterday at the age of 94.
He was a man of iron integrity and conviction, who, by his efforts, helped to save our country from the chaos of the 1970s.
We all owe him so much.
In its manifesto last year, Labour promised not to increase income tax, not to increase national insurance and not to increase VAT.
Does the Prime Minister still stand by his promises?
Yes.
It is rare—[Interruption.]
It is rare that the Prime Minister is able to give a clear answer, but I am glad that he has done so now.
He also promised—in fact, he boasted—that he had solved the doctors strike.
Only a Prime Minister who was so weak would give doctors a 28% pay rise—only for us now to see them vote to strike again.
He folds in every negotiation and claims it is a triumph. [
Interruption.]
Yes, he does.
We saw more promises at the Budget: the Chancellor promised that she would lift the freeze on income tax and national insurance thresholds, because, in her words, they “hurt working people”.
Is that still Government policy?
No Prime Minister or Chancellor is going to write a Budget in advance.
We are absolutely fixed on our fiscal rules; we remain committed to them.
We remain committed to our manifesto commitments—I realise that sticking to fiscal rules and manifesto commitments is a bit unfamiliar to the Conservatives.
It is because of the decisions the Chancellor and this Government have taken that we can update the House: £120 billion of inward investment into this country since we took office; business confidence at a nine-year high—longer than the Leader of the Opposition has been in Parliament; Deloitte this week saying that the UK is now the best place to invest, creating 384,000 jobs.
What a contrast to the mess we inherited from the Conservative party.
There was no clear answer there.
The whole House will have heard the Prime Minister fail to rule out freezing tax thresholds.
He could say yes to the first question—he could promise—but could not this time.
What does this mean?
He is talking about record investment and more jobs.