May I also join in sending condolences to the family of Lord Tebbit.
He was a man of service—in the RAF, in politics and as a carer for his wife, Margaret.
He will be greatly missed.
After years of Conservative neglect, the special educational needs system is in desperate need of repair, but with parents understandably worried, we already hear Labour MPs planning another rebellion, so may I make this offer to the Prime Minister?
If he genuinely wants to fix the problem and not strip away the rights of children and parents in some cost-cutting exercise, we have 72 votes to help.
Will the Prime Minister look at the five tests for SEND reform that we have published today and work with us to make it happen?
It is telling that when the right hon.
Gentleman asks about the broken SEND system, the Tory Back Benchers laugh; that is how seriously they take their responsibility.
It is an absolute shame.
As the right hon.
Gentleman knows, every week in this House, Members raise the issue with me—I think it has been raised with me more times than anything else.
Everyone knows that the SEND system is broken; guess who broke it, along with everything else?
The system does not work for parents and it lets down children, so we need to reform and change it.
It is not about saving money; we have already invested an additional £1 billion in SEND.
It is about creating a new system that truly supports every child.
We are developing proposals, and we want to work with parents and teachers to get this right.
I would expect the right hon.
Gentleman to welcome that.
I thank the Prime Minister for his reply.
We want to work across the House to fix the mess that the Tories left, but we do not want another welfare-style mess this time; we have to fix the system properly for parents and children.
The Conservative Government badly undermined the security of our borders by ripping up the returns agreement that allowed us to send migrants back to Europe.
I hope that the Prime Minister can secure a new returns agreement with France that acts as a real deterrent and stops the boats.
The Conservatives also sent hundreds of millions of pounds to France and got nothing in return.
Does the Prime Minister agree that any new funding to the French Government must be conditional on them agreeing a returns deal and doing their bit to stop the boats?
We are working closely with the French on this issue.
We will only provide funding that delivers on our priorities.
We are working together closely, and we share information to a much greater extent than was the case before.
We have a new specialist intelligence unit at Dunkirk, and we are the first Government to persuade the French to review their laws and tactics on the north coast in order to take more effective action.
I will be discussing this at meetings with President Macron today and tomorrow.
In the light of recent events, will the Prime Minister update the House on the work of the covid corruption commissioner?
Does he agree with my constituents in Rugby, Bulkington and the surrounding villages that there should be no place in public life for people who exploited the pandemic and defrauded the taxpayer to line their own pockets?
My hon.
Friend makes a powerful point, and I hope it was heard by those on the Conservative Benches.
It is an absolute scandal that failed personal protective equipment contracts were handed out by the Conservatives, costing taxpayers £1.4 billion.
We are focused on getting our money back.
I can confirm that the commissioner is now investigating fraud involving bounce back and business support loans, and we will continue to go after the fraudsters, grifters and con artists, no matter who they are or where we find them.
The main reason—[Interruption.]
Order.