We welcome the ambitious recommendations that he has put forward, and agree that a crisis of this scale requires bold action.
We must consider any measures that will put our courts on a more stable and sustainable footing.
Victims and the public deserve swift justice and a court system that they can have confidence in.
We will carefully consider Sir Brian’s recommendations on jury trials, along with everything else, before providing a formal response to Parliament in the autumn.
Jury trials are and will remain a cornerstone of British justice, and will remain in place for the most serious cases.
However, justice delayed is justice denied.
The system was not designed for a scenario where tens of thousands of victims wait years for justice.
The Lord Chancellor and this Government are committed to turning the tide on the Crown court backlog by the end of this Parliament and creating a sustainable justice system fit for the 21st century.
All of us agree that justice delayed is justice denied.
That is why it is so important to get control of the court backlog.
No one pretends that this is straightforward, but the Government have made the crisis worse.
The backlog is at a record high, and accelerating, with 750 cases being added every month.
Sir Brian Leveson’s review rightly acknowledges that we must increase the number of court sitting days.
We thank him for his work and welcome many of his recommendations.
However, it cannot be right to give another sentencing discount to those convicted of crimes such as burglary and stalking.
That could see criminals serve as little as a fifth of their sentence, when combined with the Gauke review—20% of a sentence served.
Is that justice for victims?
Out of court settlements for drug dealers and thieves mean that they will not even get a criminal record.
It makes a mockery of the justice system.
Just as concerning is the proposal to scrap jury trials in many cases.
The report admits that this will have only a “limited effect” on the backlog.
It will save just £31 million—0.2% of the Department’s budget.
As the report states, there is no limit to the cases for which jury trials could be scrapped.
This is a slippery slope towards abolishing jury trials altogether.
Jury trials have been a central part of our constitution for centuries—in Magna Carta, and indeed before it.
They are a gift that we have given to the world.
To throw   them away so casually shows a total disregard for our constitution, and for such limited benefit.
It seems that too many on the Government Benches want to scrap jury trials regardless of the backlog, because they do not trust the British public’s instincts on justice.
They say that judges know best; we say that the public know best.
It does not have to be this way.
The Government must take up the Lady Chief Justice’s offer of more sitting days.
Will the Minister rule out yet another sentencing cut for criminals?
Will she rule out letting drug dealers and thieves avoid even a criminal record?
Does she accept that scrapping jury trials is a disgraceful and unnecessary rejection of one of our country’s proudest and most ancient liberties?
What I did not hear in any of that was an apology.
It is extraordinary to hear that the shadow Justice Secretary has suddenly discovered a sense of urgency, but where was that sense of urgency in the past 14 years?
The so-called party of law of order allowed two things to happen.
First, it took our prison system to the brink of collapse.
That let down the public, and it let down victims—soft on crime, and soft on law and order.
Secondly, it allowed the backlogs in our Crown courts to run out of control to record highs.