One in three dads do not take paternity leave, often because they cannot afford to do so.
That is a great loss to them and their children.
I want parents to be able to give their child the best care, and I want to make the system work better for employers.
Following a week of internal conflict, the Prime Minister will be well prepared if he wants to join me this weekend at the Tewkesbury medieval festival, which includes Europe’s largest re-enactment, or perhaps next weekend he will don his leather jacket and turn it up to 11 at the Tewkesbury Live music festival hosted by hospitality venues across the town.
Regardless of that, will he join me in thanking the volunteers and the hospitality venues that make Tewkesbury the unsung nucleus of Gloucestershire’s culture?
What an invitation!
I am grateful for the invite to join the medieval festival, but if I wanted to see a load of people stuck in the past and fighting each other, I would probably go to the next meeting of the shadow Cabinet.
I will consider it—thank you.
That completes Prime Minister’s questions.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
During PMQs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  asked what I thought was quite a reasonable question.
I knew what the question was going to be, but during PMQs, I could not hear a single word—like other Members in the Chamber, I am sure—because  the hon.
Member for Dewsbury and Batley (Iqbal Mohamed) , who is behind me, and others never shut up all the way through it.
We in Reform UK do not subscribe to that sort of dog-whistle politics.
Will you please advise us, Mr Speaker, of how to stop this behaviour in the future?
I think Mr Farage is capable of dealing with his own battles, as we have seen on many occasions.
I would say that this is about the respect and tolerance that we should show each other.
What we do in here is reflected outside, so please let us show common sense and respect for each other.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
At Prime Minister’s questions, the Prime Minister claimed in response to my question that the Green party had made unfunded spending commitments in our general election manifesto.
He also said that to me at last week’s Prime Minister’s questions.
That is clearly untrue; our manifesto was fully costed, including through proposals for the wealth tax that I was calling for.
Will you outline, Mr Speaker, how I might correct the record?
Should I send a copy of our manifesto to the Prime Minister?
I will not continue the debate from Prime Minister’s questions, which I have ended.
The hon.
Gentleman has corrected the record with what he has stated, which is now on the record.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Justice if she will make a statement on her plans to restrict trial by jury through the creation of a Crown court bench division and related sentencing changes.
This Government inherited a justice system in crisis, with record and rising backlogs in our criminal courts, leaving victims in limbo as they wait to see justice done.
For that reason, the Lord Chancellor commissioned Sir Brian Leveson to undertake a once-in-a-generation review of the criminal courts.
We are grateful to Sir Brian for all his work.
His report confirms that the system we inherited is broken, and that if we do nothing, it will collapse.
We welcome the ambitious recommendations that he has put forward, and agree that a crisis of this scale requires bold action.
We must consider any measures that will put our courts on a more stable and sustainable footing.
Victims and the public deserve swift justice and a court system that they can have confidence in.