He could say yes to the first question—he could promise—but could not this time.
What does this mean?
He is talking about record investment and more jobs.
We know that people are losing their jobs; unemployment has gone up every single month of Labour’s year in office.
What does the issue of tax thresholds mean?
It means that under Labour, millions of our poorest pensioners face being dragged into income tax for the first time ever.
Does the Prime Minister think it is right that struggling pensioners should face a retirement tax?
For a Prime Minister or a Chancellor to say we are not going to write a Budget in advance is not a Labour thing or a Tory thing—every single Prime Minister and Chancellor says that they will not do that.
We will stick to our manifesto commitments; we will stick to our fiscal rules.
This is a language the Conservatives do not understand, and that is what got us into the problem in the first place.
The Leader of the Opposition comes here every week to talk the country down, but that record investment—£120 billion—will mean good, well-paid jobs across the country.
This investment is from foreign investors who can choose whether to invest in this country; they are choosing to invest in this country now, because they have confidence in what this Government are doing.
Investors are fleeing the country.
The Prime Minister says he will stick to his manifesto promises, but Labour promised not to put a tax on working people and then we got the jobs tax, and all we have seen are jobs disappearing.
Before the election, the Prime Minister promised
“not a penny more on your council tax”.
The Institute for Fiscal Studies says that council tax bills will now rise at their fastest rate in 20 years.
Will the Prime Minister admit that under him council tax is set to soar?
No, of course it is not.
It soared under the last Government.
Here she goes again: the Leader of the Opposition is back on familiar territory.
She comes here every week complaining about the national insurance rise, and when she is asked whether she would have the courage to reverse it, what is her answer? [
Hon.
Members: “No!”]
No, and I will tell you for why, Mr Speaker.
She is too embarrassed to say that she does not want the investment that we have put in.
That investment went into the NHS.
The Conservatives want that investment, but they cannot say how they would pay for it.
That is what got us into the problem in the first place.
The Prime Minister still does not understand, so I am going to make it very simple for him: this is a mess of his own making—he should not be asking how we would clean it up.
The fact is this Government raised national insurance through the jobs tax, and that is why they have to put up council tax.
The truth is that his catastrophic Budget has created a domino effect that he cannot now control.
We on the Conservative Benches know that you cannot tax your way to growth, but now he is flirting—[Interruption.]
Labour Members are all muttering, but I remember that Budget.
They were laughing and cheering; they had no idea of the mess that they were creating.
They should go and explain to their constituents why unemployment is going up.
What is more worrying is that now the Prime Minister is flirting with Neil Kinnock’s demand for a wealth tax.
Let us be honest about what that means: it would be a tax on all our constituents’ savings, on their houses and on their pensions.
It would be a tax on aspiration.
Will the Prime Minister rule this out?
The right hon.
Lady says that we should not be asking them for advice on the economy.