We have given the largest settlement in the history of the Scottish Government—£14 billion extra.
The stability in the economy has enabled four interest rate cuts, meaning cheaper mortgages for home owners.
Fuel duty is frozen, meaning 3 million Scots motorists pay less at the pump.
The minimum wage is up, meaning a pay rise for 200,000 of the lowest-paid Scots—[Interruption.]
That deserves a large cheer, because it is for the lowest-paid Scots.
Also, the warm home discount has been extended to half a million Scots.
The jobs tax has decimated business confidence and has seen unemployment rise, and now—along with the Budget blow to Scotch whisky, the attack on family farms and the undermining of the oil and gas industry—the Scottish Hospitality Group has slated the spending review, saying it
“does absolutely nothing to support the hospitality sector”.
Will the Secretary of State work with the Chancellor to undo the damage her Budget and her spending review have inflicted on family farms, Scotch whisky, the oil and gas industry, hospitality, entertainment and business confidence in Scotland?
The hon.
Gentleman should go and speak to Scottish businesses and apologise for voting against the Budget and against the £14 billion extra that will go to Scotland as part of the spending review.
As a result of the decisions taken by this Government, we have the highest growth in the G7, the highest business confidence in a decade, record inward investment, three major trade deals and four interest rate cuts—all helping businesses right across the country.
It is fantastic news that Ferguson Marine has secured a contract with BAE Systems to help further enhance the UK’s maritime capability, making use of its skilled workforce.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that that is in sharp contrast to the student union politics played on defence by the SNP Government?
Does he agree that the benefits of the spending review cannot be fully assessed until the SNP is removed from power in 2026?
Yet again, I agree with my hon.
Friend.
I pay special tribute to both her and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Inverclyde and Renfrewshire West (Martin McCluskey) , who have done so much to make sure we  can get work into Ferguson Marine.
Again, it will not be lost on the House, or indeed the Scottish public, that the defence industry is supporting jobs in Scotland and straight into Ferguson Marine.
Where the Scottish Government walk past on the other side, we will invest.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 9 July.
On Monday, we marked the 20th anniversary of the despicable terrorist attacks on 7/7.
The painful memories of that dark day are deeply ingrained: 52 people were murdered and many more were injured.
We thank our emergency services who ran towards danger with true bravery, and send our deepest condolences to the victims, the survivors and bereaved, and all those forever affected by that appalling day.
May I also extend our deepest condolences to the family and friends of Lord Tebbit?
We remember his profound courage in the face of terrorism and a fierce devotion to his wife, Margaret.
May he rest in peace.
We also mark the 30th anniversary of the genocide at Srebrenica.
We remember those lost, and redouble our efforts to fight hatred and intolerance wherever it exists.
I am delighted to welcome President Macron to the United Kingdom.
Our relationship has never been stronger and we are focused on tough new tactics to tackle illegal migration, on major economic investment to create jobs, and on leading our allies to support Ukraine.
This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
May I associate myself with the Prime Minister’s remarks?