First, it took our prison system to the brink of collapse.
That let down the public, and it let down victims—soft on crime, and soft on law and order.
Secondly, it allowed the backlogs in our Crown courts to run out of control to record highs.
For 14 years the Conservatives did absolutely nothing, so let me explain the contrast with a party and a Government who are gripping the crisis and who are tough on law and order.
We commissioned one of their own—Sir David Gauke—to give us his sentencing review.
We commissioned one of our most revered judges, Sir Brian Leveson, who today has set out his recommendations.
We will not provide our policy response today, because that demands and requires seriousness—not what we hear from the shadow Justice Secretary, but serious, careful analysis—and we will provide our formal response to the House in the autumn.
But we are not delaying.
We are not waiting; we are investing in the system.
To take up the challenge from the right hon.
Gentleman about what the Lady Chief Justice said, we have already done what the previous Government failed to do, with an additional 4,000 Crown court sitting days and a record level of 110,000 sitting days a year—up from what the so-called party of law and order gave us.
We also understand that we need proper system capacity.
As we heard from the Lord Chancellor yesterday, this is not simply about adding more Crown court sitting days; as Sir Brian Leveson tells us—had the right hon.
Gentleman bothered to read the report—we cannot simply sit our way out of this crisis.
We have to build system capacity—more judges, more prosecutors, more defence lawyers, and more court ushers.
Of course we need to invest in the system, which is what the Government are doing with a promise of £450 million into our courts, additional to what the Conservative party provided.
We are staying laser-focused on our mission, which is to provide swifter justice for victims, and restore public confidence in a justice system that was left to rack and ruin by the Conservative party.
The right hon.
Gentleman has jumped the gun: we have been very clear that we are going to consider Sir Brian’s careful and detailed report, and we are going to listen to those who represent victims, and to the barristers and judges who do such an exceptional job.
We will do what it takes for the victim who, if she  reports a rape or serious crime, is told that she will have to wait until 2028, or 2029 in some cases, for her day in court.
That is unacceptable, and that is why we will do whatever it takes, with the seriousness that the previous Government simply failed to have.
I call the Chair of the Justice Committee.
What Sir Brian’s comprehensive report demonstrates is the terrible state that our once envied criminal justice system was left in by the shadow Lord Chancellor and his colleagues.
Does my hon.
and learned Friend agree with Sir Brian that digging ourselves out of the hole in which they left us will require more investment, greater efficiency and structural change?
Is that the debt that we owe to victims of crime in particular, to ensure that they get justice?
It is up to this Government to put right the wrongs that have been done over the past 14 years.
As ever, my hon.
Friend the Chair of the Justice Committee, gives a considered response and he is absolutely right.
There needs to be a recognition of the scale of the problem and two things are required: investment and reform.
When hon.
Members read the report, they will see that Sir Brian is very clear that we need investment.