I am proud that the Labour Government are banning fire and rehire.
I am proud that we are addressing the abusive use of zero-hours contracts and improving protections at work, particularly against unfair dismissal.
Reform and its Tory friends voted against Labour’s workplace protections.
I do not know why Tory Members are heckling; when they were in government they promised to deal with fire and rehire, but despite the scandal at P&O, they did absolutely nothing about it.
Does my right hon.
and learned Friend agree that it is only this Labour Government who will ensure that people have fairness at work?
I am proud that we will give 15 million workers—half of all workers—stronger rights at work.
We are ensuring sick pay for up to 1.3 million of the lowest paid, tackling sexual harassment, and providing bereavement leave for families who experience pregnancy loss before 24 weeks.
Compare that to the Leader of the Opposition, who thinks that maternity pay is “excessive”, and the leader of Reform, who wants working people to pay tax so that there can be tax breaks for millionaires and billionaires.
Both of them vote against reform and better protection of workers at every turn.
They always have, and they always will.
They offer nothing for working people.
With permission, Mr Speaker, before I ask my question, may I tell the House that there are a number of veterans of Northern Ireland in the Public Gallery?
Given what the Prime Minister said about 7/7, I would like to publicly thank them for their courage in defending our country and our democracy against the first scourge of terrorism.
The Prime Minister knows that every time a paramilitary was killed in Northern Ireland by a British soldier, it triggered a thorough investigation.
No bullet went unscrutinised.
Our soldiers were held to the highest standards of law.
The IRA were not; they tortured, shot men in the back, forced families to watch their menfolk being murdered, and killed women and children with  bombs, yet we are willing to prosecute our own men, who were forced to make life-and-death decisions in split seconds.
If the Government get the legacy legislation wrong, at least 50 innocent retired veterans will be exposed to legal persecution for crimes they did not commit.
I have raised this matter six times since February.
I ask again: on Monday, when we debate this matter in Westminster Hall, will the Government protect our veterans, or will they sacrifice them to politically motivated lawyers who are trying to rewrite history with a pack of lies?
May I join the right hon.
Gentleman in thanking the veterans here today, and all veterans?
He knows that this is a serious issue, and the end of his question did not really reflect that seriousness.
The scheme set up by the Conservative party was found to be unlawful in the courts, and he knows it.
It was not supported by communities.
It would have meant, as he knows, immunity from prosecution for those who committed the most appalling terrorist crimes, and that is why it did not have support in the communities or from any political party in Northern Ireland.
That was among the reasons it was found to be unlawful.
We have to tread carefully, and we have to get this right.
I will work with the right hon.
Gentleman on that, but we do not get there by cheapening the debate. [
Interruption.]
This is not about political point-scoring.
I have worked in Northern Ireland, I have spoken to many of the people affected, and I know that we must get this right.
I want to do so, and I want the House to do that together, if we possibly can, because it matters; but we have to do this in a serious way, and address the issues of the past in a way that has the support of victims and survivors.