Will the Prime Minister rule this out?
The right hon.
Lady says that we should not be asking them for advice on the economy.
She is absolutely right about that; we will not be asking for their advice.
What we did in the Budget was stabilise the economy through the measures taken by the Chancellor.
What has that led to?
Four interest rate cuts.
For mortgage holders, that is hugely important.
Compare  and contrast that with what happened under the Liz Truss mini-Budget.
We had the fastest growth in the G7 in the first quarter of this year; wages were up more in the first 10 months of a Labour Government than in the 10 years under the Tories.
So no, we do not need lessons from them.
The Prime Minister says that he has stabilised the economy.
Has he spoken to any farmers recently?
It is time for him to take responsibility for the mess that he is making.
He has been in office for a year, and all we see is him congratulating himself on what a fantastic job he has done. [
Interruption.]
Nobody out there believes it—not even Labour Members.
What a weak cheer!
He is congratulating himself, but we can compare records.
He talks about the fastest growing economy.
We left him the fastest growing economy of the G7.
We cut the deficit in every year until the pandemic, and we got inflation down to 2%.
On his watch, taxes are up, unemployment is up, inflation is up and this weak Prime Minister has been forced into a series of chaotic U-turns.
Yesterday, the Office for Budget Responsibility said that our economy is being eroded under Labour: doctors strikes; tax bombshells; the wealthy leaving in droves.
Is it not the truth that, under him, he is dragging us back to the 1970s?
We are responsible for 4 million extra appointments in the NHS; we are responsible for a 10-year plan on the future of the NHS after the Conservatives broke it; we are also responsible for free school meals being rolled out in a way that has never been done by anybody—breakfast clubs being rolled out, family hubs being rolled out, transport across the country, and migration coming down.
We take responsibility and we are proud of that.
The Eden Project in Cornwall is a proven success story, injecting millions into the local economy.
In Lancashire, Eden Project Morecambe will soon be under construction, and is set to create hundreds of jobs.
It is about time that we had the third instalment with MEMO Portland—or Eden Portland as many like to call it.
That will be a world-class attraction celebrating the Jurassic coast and transforming the economy in South Dorset.
Will the Prime Minister back this exciting project and work with me and all relevant Ministers to secure funding to deliver it, and ideally, can we use the new growth mission fund?
I thank my hon.
Friend for highlighting that exciting proposal.
He is a fantastic advocate for Portland and South Dorset.
Eden Portland is a hugely exciting project.
I cannot confirm funding allocations yet, but our £240 million growth mission fund should support transformative projects that give local leaders real investment to deliver real change.
He makes a compelling case in relation to the fund.
I call the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
May I associate myself and my party with the Prime Minister’s comments about the horrifying terrorist bombing of 7/7 here in London?
Our thoughts are with the victims, their families and our emergency services.
May I also join in sending condolences to the family of Lord Tebbit.
He was a man of service—in the RAF, in politics and as a carer for his wife, Margaret.
He will be greatly missed.