This is not about political point-scoring.
I have worked in Northern Ireland, I have spoken to many of the people affected, and I know that we must get this right.
I want to do so, and I want the House to do that together, if we possibly can, because it matters; but we have to do this in a serious way, and address the issues of the past in a way that has the support of victims and survivors.
That is a key test for me, because without their support, it is very hard to come up with something that will have the confidence of everybody in Northern Ireland.
That is why we have to work in this way.
In advance of the new legislation, the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland continues to engage with veterans and their communities to ensure that legacy mechanisms are fair, lawful and proportionate.
I will continue to work with the right hon.
Gentleman and others in the House, because the most important thing is not scoring points, but getting it right.
Last week, I published a report that revealed the terrible legacy that the Conservative party left the NHS locally.
Kids in Basingstoke wait 210 days following a referral for access to mental health services.
That is three times the national average.
I welcome the publication of the 10-year plan last week.
It was led by the Prime Minister, will be delivered by a Labour Health Secretary, and was made possible by a Labour Chancellor.
What more can the Government do to close the gap in mental health services locally, and ensure that every kid in Basingstoke has access to the very best mental health services?
The Conservative party failed to give children the support they need.
The 10-year plan that we have put forward will rewire our NHS and transform mental health services, with 85 dedicated mental health A&E departments, giving 24/7 support; specialist mental health professionals in every school  and college, benefiting 1 million young people this year alone; and an extra 8,500 mental health staff to tackle long waits.
That is only possible because of the decisions that we took to invest in our NHS—decisions that the Conservatives opposed.
I will add to the many calls that the Prime Minister has already heard about the broken SEND system.
I met headteachers and SEND co-ordinators in my constituency of Chichester last week.
They all told me the same thing: the SEND system is broken.
It is adversarial, parents are at breaking point, there are not enough spaces in specialist schools, and the education, health and care plan process is long, harrowing and often degrading.
I know that the Government are exploring their options, but will the Prime Minister take on board the Liberal Democrats’ calls to introduce a national body for SEND, so that we can end the postcode lottery and fix the problem for good?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising this issue.
I know it is of concern to her, and to many people across the House.
The system we have is broken; it does not serve anyone well.
We have to reform it, and I set out in an earlier answer the steps that we are taking.
We will share those with the House, and I hope that we can get the greatest support possible for the reform that I think everybody here knows has to happen.
I am delighted at the spending review commitment of £445 million for Welsh rail.
A new station at Magor and Undy will take cars off the congested M4, offer greener journeys and open doors for local residents without a vehicle to get jobs.
It is also great value for money due to the track and infrastructure that is already in place.