I have had a minimum of 14 billion conversations with the Treasury with regard to funding in Scotland.
This is the largest settlement ever in the history of the Scottish Parliament.
This Government’s decisions in the October Budget and the spending review have given us the highest growth in the G7, the highest business confidence in a decade, record inward investment,  three major trade deals and the conditions for four interest rate cuts, all helping businesses right across Scotland—everything that the hon.
Lady and her party voted against.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Like the Secretary of State, I welcome the great news for Ferguson Marine this morning.
As he knows, Scottish Liberal Democrats secured funding for key projects across Scotland in last year’s Scottish budget negotiations, including the Eye Pavilion in Edinburgh, which is so important for my constituents and his.
We welcome the additional funding as part of the spending review to help projects such as that, but almost two decades of SNP mismanagement have left our health service in dire need of investment and improvement.
Does he agree that the SNP should invest this funding wisely in GPs, dentists and care so that our constituents can see the same focus on innovation in health that was announced by the UK Government last week?
The hon.
Lady makes a good point about the Eye Pavilion in Edinburgh, which is a symptom of the whole of the Scottish Government’s strategy for our NHS services.
The SNP promised a new Eye Pavilion in its manifestos in ’07, ’11, ’16 and ’21, and it is yet to deliver it.
I bet we see the same process and the same promises in its manifesto in May next year.
One in six Scots is stuck on a waiting list, the NHS app is years behind other parts of the UK, and we have the worst cancer waiting times on record.
I am sure the hon.
Lady and millions of other Scots know that the SNP has failed their NHS.
If the SNP had any idea how to fix it, it would have done it by now.
During the spending review period, the Scottish Government will have to continue to mitigate some of the cruellest Westminster policies.
They had to do that under the Tories, and it continues under Labour, not least with the two-child cap.
Can the Secretary of State tell us whether there are any plans to scrap it?
The hon.
Gentleman and his colleagues voted against the Budget.
They voted against all the measures to raise revenue in the Budget, and they voted against the actual spending of it.
From the second that this Labour Government took power just over a year ago, there was £14 billion extra going into the Scottish budget.
The Scottish Government need to be spending it well, and I am sure the Scottish public will look dimly on a Scottish Government who cannot spend it and improve our public services.
I am not sure the Secretary of State quite caught the question there.
We voted against the two-child cap.
If there is cash to go around and UK Departments are getting bigger spending increases than the Scottish Government, why will he not prioritise child poverty?
The Child Poverty Action Group described getting rid of the two-child cap as “the most cost-effective way” to cut child poverty.
It was described by the Pensions Minister as “immoral”.
The Cabinet Office’s recent report “Tackling Child Poverty” stated:
“There is a lot we can learn from action already being taken in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland”.
Will the Secretary of State make scrapping the two-child poverty cap a priority, or will he insist on failed Tory policies?
Going by the votes last week, the hon.
Gentleman wants to keep the failed, broken welfare system that the Tories put in.