Will the Secretary of State make scrapping the two-child poverty cap a priority, or will he insist on failed Tory policies?
Going by the votes last week, the hon.
Gentleman wants to keep the failed, broken welfare system that the Tories put in.
What we have done as a Government is a pay rise for 200,000 Scots, day one rights for sick leave and parental leave and £150 off energy bills for more than half a million Scottish households, and we have banned exploitative zero-hours contracts.
There are 10,000 children in Scotland every single night going to bed without a home.
That is a dreadful record for the Scottish Government.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the future of artificial intelligence in Scotland.
Artificial intelligence will drive incredible change in our country.
It will turbocharge growth and boost living standards.
Scotland, as we know well, has been the UK’s home of AI since 1963, and it will become the home of the most powerful supercomputer in the UK, with this Labour Government investing £750 million in its development at the University of Edinburgh’s advanced computing facility in Midlothian.
We are currently assessing applications for AI growth zones from across the UK, including several from Scotland, which is at the cutting edge of computing power globally.
It is refreshing to have a UK Government so committed to investing in and developing AI, in comparison with John Swinney and the Scottish Government, who are stuck in an analogue age, unable even to provide patients and staff with a functioning NHS app.
Does the Minister agree that the towns of Airdrie and Shotts and the former industrial heartland of North Lanarkshire are incredibly well placed to serve as an AI growth zone and capture the Government’s clear ambition?
Much like my hon.
Friend, who is a truly passionate advocate for his community, I am proud to represent one of Scotland’s industrial heartlands.
He is right to highlight the role that they can play in Scotland’s AI future.
As for his comments regarding the First Minister, my right hon.
Friend the Health Secretary was particularly astute in his assessment.
I am afraid that the First Minister is from the age of “Taggart”, when what is upon us is the age of “Dept.
Q”.
The transmission line from Skye to Fort Augustus has been approved.
Due to a technicality, the people along the route will be deprived of £22 million.
Will the Minister take this up with Ofgem?
I am led to believe that the hon.
Member has already picked this matter up with the Secretary of State, who will be taking it forward, but I would be delighted to talk to the hon.
Member about it.
What recent discussions he has had with representatives of the broadcasting sector in Scotland.
The Secretary of State and I are committed to supporting a flourishing broadcasting sector in Scotland and regularly meet its representatives.
I know that my hon.
Friend the Member for Na h-Eileanan an Iar was part of a recent engagement that the Scotland Office was delighted to co-host with MG Alba, where he spoke passionately about the importance of Gaelic broadcasting, and we share his commitment to it.
We islanders have always been international ambassadors, and I am delighted that some of the Lewis chess pieces are going to France—a little bit of Gaelic Scotland in President Macron’s pocket.
Gaelic broadcasting also has a global reach: 1.8 million viewers watched “An t-Eilean”, MG Alba’s detective series.
Gaelic is a big part of Brand Scotland.
Requesting more money for broadcasting is a straightforward ask, but may I ask Ministers to think more imaginatively about growth deals?
Can we see a Scotland-wide growth deal for Gaelic, for cultural heritage items such as the Lewis chess pieces and for childcare, so that we can grow the social infrastructure of Scotland as well as its physical infrastructure?
That is an interesting point.
My hon.