Friend is absolutely right.
We talk about sitting days and backlogs, and it can all sound a little arid and academic, but it comes back to people.
The fact that so many victims of rape and serious sexual offences pull out of the process is testament to the fact that the system is not working.
That is the direct consequence of allowing the backlogs to run out of control.
We have to keep victims engaged in the process, which is why we have invested specifically in victims services and why we are looking to strengthen the victims code.
Ultimately, victims want swift justice.
That is why we will take a careful look at Sir Brian’s recommendations and do what it takes to bring down the backlog.
Magistrates courts are already under significant stress: some 22% of trials do not go ahead on the day that they are listed.
Removing the right to choose a jury trial for sentences of under two years under an intermediate court cannot reverse years of underfunding, the closure of local courts and severe staff shortages, from prosecutors to defence advocates.
The consultation on the reform of local justice areas proposes to merge three north Wales benches, against the advice of local magistrates.
Does the Minister recognise the risk of yet further disruption to justice in Wales?
The right hon.
Lady has described how important the role of the magistrates courts will be and the importance of whole-system reform.
The Government are not looking to tweak one aspect—to tweak what goes on in the magistrates court or the Crown court.
One of the geniuses of the magistrates court is the local link and the fact that it delivers local justice, so we will look at that carefully, but there is no  getting away from it: the scale of the problem, and what Sir Brian’s report tells us, means that we need whole-system reform of the criminal justice system, from beginning to end.
I thank the Minister for her statement and for the recognition of the importance of magistrates courts.
Sadly, Harlow magistrates court was closed by the previous Government—as was Chorley magistrates court, of course.
I recently spoke to a police officer in my constituency who has been a police officer for three years.
He is being asked to gather evidence to go to court for crimes committed before he was even a police officer.
Is it any wonder that victims have lost confidence in the system?
This Government need to ensure that we have fundamental reforms to this process to ensure that people in my constituency get the justice they deserve.
And we can reopen the courts in Chorley—they are available.
I come back to the fact that this Government are investing in our court estate.
We have invested an additional £20 million in our court buildings for maintenance and to keep the show on the road, but my hon.
Friend is absolutely right: the delays will reach a tipping point if we choose to do nothing about them, and that is simply not an option.
The obligation on the state is to deliver a fair trial, and timeliness is critical to that.
The longer the wait, the more likely it is that victims will pull out of the system and that the evidence becomes undermined, because people’s memories fade.
That is why timeliness and getting the delays down is so critical to the mission we have to pursue.
Here we go again.
Labour always talks tough on crime and always goes soft.
The Minister talked about David Gauke as one of our own, as if that was some defence—I assure her that I probably have more in common with her than I do with David Gauke.
That is not a good way to show off credentials on being tough on crime.