Gentleman that we all owe a debt of gratitude to Sir Brian Leveson and his team for the comprehensive review that they have undertaken, to which the Government will be giving due consideration over the summer, before we formally provide our response.
We have to ensure that whatever package of proposals we take forward knits together with the recommendations from the Gauke review and the outcome of the spending review that the Ministry of Justice has received, with a commitment to make an additional investment of £450 million in our courts.
I want to address his point about intermediate courts: they are not about saving money, but about addressing the backlog, delivering swifter justice for victims and having a criminal justice system in which the public can have confidence.
If this package of ideas is right and will achieve that aim, we will pursue it.
I spent the first 20 years of my professional life in the criminal courts as a barrister.
There is no one who loves the criminal justice system, or who has more respect for juries, than I do.
However, the courts now are not what they were.
The delays are so appalling that defendants just plead “not guilty”, because they know that their case will not come up for years, and the chances of actually facing justice are minimal.
It is in that extreme state, which we have inherited from the Conservative Government, that radical action is needed.
I know that my hon.
Friends on the Government Front Bench feel as I do about the criminal justice system and want it to work, so when they are looking at Sir Brian’s recommendations, will they consider a sunset clause?
If his recommendations work, there will come a time when we can increase the amount of jury service again.
My right hon.
Friend speaks with huge authority and personal experience of how our Crown courts operate.
Like us, she is committed to restoring and rebuilding our criminal justice system to what it once was, and to a system fit for the 21st century that the public can have confidence in.
That means  adapting our methods, taking on new technologies and becoming more efficient.
All of that will come in the second part of Sir Brian’s review, as we have asked him to do.
I will not pre-empty the response or give a running commentary on it, but all those things will be taken into account as we consider our response over the summer.
Last year, I was on a jury.
We all know that we need to get the court backlog down, but my experience at Reading Crown court was that the availability of jurors really is not an issue.
Many of us sat there for hours upon hours, and several jurors were dismissed on the Thursday, having never set foot in a courtroom.
Before we restrict the number of jury trials, what work have the Government done to actually understand the utilisation of jurors to see how many are being used and whether they could be used more effectively?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman and all those who perform the civic duty of participating in a jury for their service.
As I said, that will remain a cornerstone of British justice for the most serious cases, but that is not the issue.
The issue is that demand coming into the system simply outstrips the rate at which the courts are able to address and dispose of those cases.
We need to look at the system capacity, the amount of judicial time, the number of prosecutors and defence lawyers, and the availability of suitable court buildings, ushers and criminal legal aid.
We need all that system capacity, and we need to get it working together to address the challenges that others have outlined.
I remind the hon.