Some states have next-day hearings for domestic abuse cases, where courts can catch perpetrators in the window of remorse, when they will recognise their guilt and accept that they need to change.
The hon.
Member is right that as we take forward and are ready to announce the package of reforms in response to Sir Brian’s review, we will consider how we can take forward the best of our existing system and, indeed, learn from other systems.
Whether that is intensive supervision courts, where we have seen some good results, or tackling the root causes that lie behind crime and engaging in preventive measures, we should be doing all that.
This is our opportunity.
We have reached a point of crisis.
We have reached the point of emergency—no more, no less—as a result of the inheritance from the previous Government, but we have got to take the opportunity to build back better, with a more sustainable and more innovative justice system that the public can  have confidence in and that protects the public.
That is what we must do.
The hon.
Member is right: we should learn, we should listen and we should build something better.
As I think Members across the House would agree, Alex Chalk, the former Lord Chancellor and Justice Secretary, was taken seriously in this place, as were his opinions.
He recently said that some cases
“could conceivably be dealt with by a judge and two wingers, so reserve the Crown court for the most serious cases… It is helpful to look at which cases should be triable either way and which should be summary only.”
Does the Minister agree that it is worth taking note of serious voices like Alex Chalk, rather than the opportunism of the shadow Justice Secretary?
This issue is far too serious not to take seriously.
I listen to voices, such as those of the former Lord Chancellor, former Lord Chief Justice Sir Ian Burnett, the Victims’ Commissioner and Sir Mark Rowley.
They are all saying that we have got to take these matters and these recommendations seriously.
It is that serious work that this Government will engage in, and we will not duck the difficult decisions.
The Minister rightly points to the comparative inefficiency between Crown courts and magistrates courts.
The clear issue is that we need new technology to be introduced to Crown courts, so that people who are on trial and victims are served faster, quicker and more expediently.
The reality is that many cases collapse as a result of the evidence not being sufficient or brought fast enough.
Why, then, has the Minister allowed the efficiencies part of the Leveson report to be delayed?
That could bring forward much-needed recommendations that we could action to cut the backlog.