They voted against it—a confected argument.
Tomorrow evening sees the annual national police bravery awards.
Three of the officers nominated this year are three of those who were first on the scene of the tragedy in my Southport constituency last summer.
Will the Prime Minister join me in paying tribute to Sergeant Gregory Gillespie, Constable Luke Holden and PCSO Timothy Parry, who are with us in the Gallery today, for their immense bravery in the face of evil?
Does he agree that, just as our brave officers will always protect and defend us when we need them to, this Government will always support our brave officers in return?
Can I start by saying that the thoughts of the whole House are of course with the families of those who lost their little girls and with all those affected by this terrible incident?
I would like to put on the record our heartfelt thanks to all those who responded and those who are with us today—Sergeant Gregory Gillespie, PC Luke Holden and PCSO Timothy  Parry.
These officers ran towards danger to protect young lives.
I have met a number of them, and it is truly humbling to see the bravery and professionalism that they brought to their job that day and every day.
Southport is a wonderful and loving community.
In difficult days, they have shown kindness, empathy and courage.
I thank my hon.
Friend for all that he has done in relation to those values.
My constituent Mr Brian Buckle is a victim of a miscarriage of justice.
He was wrongfully imprisoned for over five years before being exonerated at retrial.
Despite a jury unanimously finding him not guilty of the crimes for which he was imprisoned, and the devasting impact the injustice continues to have on him and his family, his application for compensation was denied due to a 2014 change to the law that requires those who have been wrongfully imprisoned to prove their innocence beyond all reasonable doubt.
That is an almost impossible hurdle to overcome.
Will the Prime Minister consider meeting Mr Buckle to discuss his case, and lend his support to APPEAL’s campaign for fair compensation for those who have been victims of a miscarriage of justice?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising this particular case, which saw a grave miscarriage of justice.
The statutory test for compensation has been raised in the House before, and I have undertaken to look at it.
I know he is working with the Minister responsible on the particular case he raises.
I thank the Prime Minister for leading from the front in promoting the importance of his role as a father and keeping time for family life.
I am delighted that in the past week, the Government have launched a review into parental leave and started to rebuild the legacy of Sure Start by launching our Best Start family hubs.
Both of those will make a huge difference to my constituents in Ribble Valley.
Can he commit to the parental leave review creating some truly ambitious outcomes, so that we can make the UK not only a world-leading place to live and do business, but the best place in the world to live a rewarding family life?
The first full review of parental leave and pay is a landmark moment.
The current system is simply out of date and too complicated.
One in three dads do not take paternity leave, often because they cannot afford to do so.
That is a great loss to them and their children.
I want parents to be able to give their child the best care, and I want to make the system work better for employers.