There needs to be a recognition of the scale of the problem and two things are required: investment and reform.
When hon.
Members read the report, they will see that Sir Brian is very clear that we need investment.
This Government are already beginning to make that investment, through the additional Crown court sitting days that we have laid on this year; running the system at system max; additional funding for legal aid lawyers and criminal legal aid; and £92 million to keep the sector going, on both the defence and the prosecutorial sides.
We are making that investment but, critically, as Sir Brian makes absolutely clear, that alone will not be enough.[Official Report,  1 September 2025 ; Vol.
772, c. 2WC.] (
Correction) We need to consider once-in-a-generation structural reforms that will run a sustainable, proportionate system that will allow us to deliver swifter justice for victims.
Investment and reform: that is what we will be getting on with and that is what we will report on in the autumn.
The Minister will know the high regard in which I hold her.
With that in mind, does she, in her own heart, believe that intermediate courts will fix the criminal court backlog, or does she agree with the legal profession that that risks being a costly distraction from investing in the existing system?
Does she agree with me that chipping away jury trials in the name of speed risks undermining the cornerstone of British justice?
As I said in my opening response, jury trials will remain a cornerstone for British justice for the most serious cases but, as Sir Brian Levenson evidences in his careful report, juryless trials can be swifter trials.
To put that into context, 90% of criminal trials in this country are currently heard without a jury—that is how our criminal justice system currently functions.
Of course it is right that we listen to those who participate in the system, whether they are prosecuting or defending those in the system, but it is also right that we listen to the voices who have welcomed today’s report: the head of the Met police, former Lord Chancellors, a former Lord Chief Justice and the Victims’ Commissioner.
Their voices matter too.
Just as Sir Brian has done, we need to consider a package of measures capable of alleviating the acute crisis in which we find ourselves.
Does my hon.
and learned Friend agree that trial by jury is, and will always remain, a fundamental concept of our British justice system, but we also need to ensure that we restore victims’ faith in the system, and do what we can to ensure justice is not denied by justice being delayed?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The shadow Secretary of State for Justice quotes Magna Carta, but the state’s obligation is to ensure a fair trial, and essential to a fair trial is timely justice.
In circumstances where some victims of crime are waiting two or three years for their day in court, that is not fair.
In fact, that is resulting in many victims pulling out of trials, rendering court time wasted and retraumatising those victims.
What the shadow Secretary of State for Justice has not read is the entirety of Magna Carta.
I quote:
“To no one will we…delay right or justice.”
The right to a timely trial is embedded in Magna Carta, and we need to get back to delivering it.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
In his urgent question, the shadow Secretary of State for Justice said that “the public knows best”.
For once, I agree with him, which is why the public threw out the last Conservative Government after they crashed our criminal justice system.
Yesterday, I made the case for safeguarding the guarantors of our justice system—our jury trials.