I really wish the Labour party would stop talking down what we are doing on renewable electricity.
I remind the House that the consultation on onshore wind finishes on  7 July .
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of additional support for energy and trade intensive industries.
Wholesale energy prices have fallen significantly since the peak of the energy crisis, so the energy bill discount scheme strikes a balance between providing support and certainty to business and limiting the impact on public finances.
I thank my hon.
Friend for a proper Derbyshire answer.
Can she give more information on how the Government are working to help wedding venues and hospitality in general with extreme costs for electricity and gas, particularly where businesses have signed long-term contracts in the face of falling world prices?
I thank my hon.
Friend from South Derbyshire—it is a great county to live in, with great hospitality—for her question.
Businesses, including the hospitality sector, have already benefited from the energy bill relief scheme, which ended on  31 March  and provided £7.4 billion of support.
We are mindful of the fixed-term contracts, which are a supplier issue, and we are constantly engaging with stakeholders and suppliers on that.
Last week I attended the opening of the first phase of a new solar farm at Newcastle airport.
It was 50% funded by the regional development fund, which post Brexit we no longer have access to.
The further three phases are vital to ensure that the airport meets its net zero target and the Government meet their solar target, so what are the Government doing to ensure that those further three phases will be supported in some way by the Government?
I thank the hon.
Lady for that information.
With your permission, Mr Speaker, I will take that question away and find out more details.
I call the shadow Minister.
The director general of UK Steel said this week:
“There are huge question marks over if government really wants to sustain steel, the backbone of British manufacturing, or just leave it to shrink and rely on other nations’ supply.”
He is right to say that.
It is four years since the Government promised the green steel fund, but not a penny has been paid.
Why are the Government failing our steel communities so comprehensively?
That is absolutely not true; we are legislating for that at the moment.
It is incredibly important to the Government that we combat that and support the energy and trade-intensive industries.
The Committee on Climate Change said last week that
“the Government has high ambitions for decarbonisation but no policy to deliver it”.
We have been slow to react to the US Inflation Reduction Act and to the EU’s proposed green deal industrial plan.
The right hon.
Member for Maidenhead (Mrs May) , who, for the benefit of the Minister, is not from the Labour Benches, said:
“Where the UK once led, we are now falling behind.”
When will Ministers snap out of their appalling complacency and come up with the strategy and timeline that we need to support the UK in the global race for green jobs and investment?
We have met all our carbon targets and will continue to do so.
The Government have made the commitment to continue hitting and progressing on those targets.
What discussions he has had with the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities on the adequacy of the planning system for clean energy projects.
My Department has been working closely with the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities on delivering the proposals in the published action plan for reforming and speeding up the nationally significant infrastructure project planning process.
An important part of those reforms involves updating and strengthening the national policy statements for energy.
Last weekend, James Robottom, the head of onshore wind at RenewableUK, said that he does not expect much from the Government’s consultation on planning.