Does the Minister agree that all civilian deaths must be thoroughly and impartially investigated and that there must be meaningful accountability?
Let me be clear that the Opposition will continue to be strong and consistent advocates of justice, human rights and international law in this conflict.
We also condemn the unacceptable use of violence against civilians in all circumstances.
In our view, there will be a lasting peace only when there is a negotiated diplomatic settlement to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
The only real solution will be a settlement based on two states: a safe and secure Israel alongside a viable and independent Palestinian state.
We strongly oppose actions that make this two-state solution harder to achieve.
So my fundamental question is: what of substance are the Minister and the Government doing to bring this immediate conflict to an end and to lay the foundations for a two-state solution?
I do not have the latest information on the Tel Aviv attack, but I understand that Hamas are claiming it as one of theirs.
We absolutely condemn Hamas’s use of indiscriminate violence and attacks of this nature.
There can never be any justification for such acts of violence, and we will continue to call on Hamas and other terrorist groups to permanently end their incitements against Israel.
Importantly, Ministers and our ambassadors will continue to work very closely, today and in the days ahead, to urge the de-escalation of the present situation in Jenin.
Understanding that this comes in the context of, for years, Israel building settlements that block the route to a settlement of this dispute, and understanding that Israel is failing to show restraint, failing to follow international humanitarian law and failing to protect civilians, what are the Government actually going to do?
As I say, the statement that the Foreign Secretary put out with his Canadian and Australian counterparts last week set out a clear message to the Israelis about stopping the settlement expansion.
We will continue to work with our friends and allies to make that message clearly heard.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
Violence on all sides must be condemned.
However, contrary to what the Minister said, illegal settlements are a barrier to peace, yet the UK Government continue to fail to take any meaningful action towards preventing that.
This violence represents a serious escalation of tensions on the west bank.
As we have heard, Palestinians and Israelis have lost their lives.
What assessment has been made of the potential chain reaction of violence that this could unleash?
It has been confirmed that thousands of people have been displaced from the camp.
What discussions has the Minister had with international colleagues on how to minimise the suffering of those refugees— civilians—who have now been displaced twice?
This morning, UN aid agencies voiced alarm at the scale of Israel’s military operation in Jenin, reporting that water and energy  supplies have been damaged, so will the UK Government commit to working with partners to provide additional humanitarian funding to restore these vital supplies for people there?
The UK’s position is clear: settlements are illegal under international law and they call into question Israel’s commitment to the two-state solution.
So we have urged Israel to halt that settlement expansion, which is threatening the physical viability of a Palestinian state.
To the hon.
Gentleman’s point, we are working with our partners the United States, France, Germany and Italy to strongly oppose these unilateral steps.
I am afraid that I do not have the latest information on humanitarian funding, but our teams work very closely through the United Nations Relief and Rehabilitation Administration and other humanitarian organisations.
I would be happy to ask the relevant Minister to update the House later on what the latest commitments are.
Clearly, this morning’s car ramming is only the most recent of the terrorist attacks that have emanated from the city of Jenin.