Why do this Government not support our steel?
As the hon.
Gentleman knows well, this Government do support the UK steel industry.
On his broader point, which he mentioned in his original question, UK industrial emissions have fallen 65% since 1990, and we are making significant investments in industrial decarbonisation, not least the £20 billion announced at the end of March, which will contribute to decarbonisation through CCUS and help the steel industry.
Do Ministers agree that the Government’s competition for small modular nuclear reactors will help provide the volume of energy we need for energy-intensive domestic industries and, over the long term, at a lower cost than previous nuclear power stations?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his question.
There is enormous enthusiasm on the Government side of the House for the potential of nuclear, including small modular reactors.
We are determined to see that go forward as quickly as possible, which is why the new organisation, Great British Nuclear, is doing a rapid down selection of technologies this year, precisely in order to unlock the benefits that my right hon.
Friend so correctly highlights.
I call the Chair of the Energy Security and Net Zero Committee.
On decarbonisation, many organisations, such as the Institution of Civil Engineers, are asking about the Government’s net zero growth plan, which said:
“The public will play a key role in the transition and therefore we will set out further detail on how Government will increase public engagement on net zero.”
Can the Minister clarify when that detail will be published?
I thank the Chair of the Energy Security and Net Zero Committee.
He is right that as well as top-down Government policy, we must unlock the huge public desire of people to play their part and make sure we have the right information in place.
That will be provided and produced as soon as possible.
The Minister will welcome measures that many businesses are already undertaking simply because they are the right thing to do, including traditionally carbon-intensive industries, such as cement manufacturing.
Cemex in my constituency is investing to use decarbonised raw material and trialling the use of hydrogen in the combustion process, which will significantly reduce the amount of CO2 generated by every tonne of cement manufactured in Rugby?
My hon.
Friend is right, and he is right to champion those industries that are working so hard to decarbonise already.
As my hon.
Friend says, we have the net zero hydrogen fund, which will provide up to £240 million by 2025 to support the development and construction of new low-carbon hydrogen production plants, which will be able to assist in cement as well as other industries.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of regulations for industrial lithium-ion battery storage facilities.
It is a priority for this Government that all net zero energy infrastructure is built, operated and maintained in an appropriate and safe way.
My officials work closely with the industry-led electricity storage health and safety governance group to ensure an appropriate, robust and future-proofed health and safety framework is sustained as storage deployment increases.
We need to increase power storage, but the potential fire risks associated with lithium-ion battery storage facilities are now becoming widely acknowledged.
What is my hon.
Friend doing to ensure those facilities are not built in inappropriate locations, such as Basing Fenn in my constituency, which is a site sandwiched between a rare north-flowing, salmonid chalk stream and a hospital?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for her question and her tireless campaigning on this important issue.
As I discussed in that very positive meeting that I had with her yesterday, I have been working with colleagues across Government to establish the appropriate treatment of these facilities in planning and environmental regulation.
Every site should be considered on its own merits and is a decision for our local authorities.