However, I have to say to Opposition Members—all of them—that it is no good just having one kind of storage or one kind of tidal power; we also need to protect the Scottish economy with oil and gas to make sure we are not subjected to Putin or any other dictator holding us to ransom over our energy security.
It is good to hear that the Secretary of State is supporting the economy in Scotland, but my question is: how are the UK Government investing in grid capacity in Wales?
In Wales, such investment is crucial if we are to support energy transition projects such as the Holyhead hydrogen hub, Minesto, Morlais, BP Mona, Lightsource BP and, of course, new nuclear at Wylfa.
Grid capacity in Scotland, Wales, England and Northern Ireland is at the top of our list.
The Winser review has done a lot of work to look at how we can speed up the delivery of that capacity, given the big transition that is going on and this country’s big lead in renewables, which makes that necessary.
I call the Scottish National party spokesman.
On pumped storage hydro, it is as though the Secretary of State just does not get it.
It increases energy resilience and would reduce the £4.2 billion balancing costs that are getting paid out at the moment.
The 1.5 GW Coire Glas scheme can be delivered in seven years, and it would power 3 million homes for a 24-hour period.
The Government have found £700 million for Sizewell C and they have implemented cap and floor mechanisms for interconnectors, so why is he not having proper discussions with SSE about a cap and floor mechanism?
The Secretary of State does in fact get it, because we support the idea of having things such as hydro power.
Again, I have to say that there is a choice where taxpayers’ money is spent.
It has to be done competitively in the round.
To be talking merely about storage and not the generation, including nuclear power, which is a key part of this country’s energy security future, simply means that the overall view that the SNP has is unbalanced when it comes to how we power our nations.
The Secretary of State has proved he still does not get it—he is not having proper discussions with SSE.
If we move to carbon capture and storage, the Climate Change Committee’s progress report identified “risks” and “significant risks” associated with industrial clusters and carbon dioxide storage, which proves it is   nonsensical to have Acorn as a reserve.
When will the Government announce the track 2 clusters and provide parity for Acorn?
When does he envisage Acorn starting construction?
That is vital to meet the 2030 targets.
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, we have already pumped £40 million into Acorn.
It is on the reserve list.
He asks when; the answer is this year for track 2 and track 1 expansion.
So I say it again: the Secretary of State does get it.
What steps his Department is taking to help energy intensive industries decarbonise.
The Government are investing billions to support the development and deployment of carbon capture, utilisation and storage, hydrogen and other decarbonisation technologies, and have a range of policies supporting industrial decarbonisation, such as the industrial energy transformation fund and local industrial decarbonisation plans.
There are 23 clean steel projects across Europe, but none in the UK.
Meanwhile, the UK is the only country in the G20 where steel production is falling.
Other countries recognise the importance of their domestic steel industries, and they recognise the importance of investing in low-carbon steel.
Why do this Government not support our steel?
As the hon.
Gentleman knows well, this Government do support the UK steel industry.