My hon.
Friend is quite right to ask that question.
We would all like to see gas setting the price of electricity more frequently.
That is why we are   accelerating the take-up of renewables, which were so pitifully low in quantity when Labour was in power.
We need a Conservative Government to keep up progress and lower bills right across the country.
As I say, we will continue to make calls on Israel—[Interruption.]
Goods made in the settlements are not allowed to be imported, and that continues to be the case.
We continue to grow the work that we do on trade with Israel, the Palestinian Authority and the OPTs, and I know the Department for Business and Trade is focused on that development work.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps he is taking to support energy transition projects in Scotland.
What steps he is taking to support energy transition projects in Scotland.
We are supporting Scotland through the North sea transition deal, contracts for difference for renewable energy, and more than £80 million of net zero innovation portfolio funding.
I thank the Secretary of State for that response, particularly in relation to CfDs.
Will he commit today to a clear pathway for the true commercial-scale development of tidal stream energy?
A ringfence in the CfD auction is welcome, but it is only scratching the surface of what the industry can deliver.
Investors in projects are stalling, as they need long-term visibility.
The industry—and, indeed, all of us—needs this technology to succeed.
Let us unlock this predictable, renewable power and create an industry and sector that we can be proud of and that can be made on these islands.
We need a commitment today that the ringfenced budget will increase, to allow costs to fall and true-scale projects to be delivered.
If we want energy security, here is the pathway.
We are meant to be asking questions, not making statements.
Fortunately, the answer is pretty straightforward.
As the right hon.
Gentleman mentioned, we are doing tidal power in this CfD round.
That is to be welcomed and we look forward to this industry expanding in the future, as some of the technicalities and technical difficulties are resolved.
I know that the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie)  has visited recently to see this in action.
Energy storage is vital to managing demand as we switch to renewable electricity.
Pumped storage hydro is the most efficient large-scale storage  method.
UK capacity could be more than doubled by six projects across Scotland that have been shovel ready for more than five years.
They take a long time to build, so why are the UK Government not supporting investment in infrastructure that is critical for our future energy security?
I have discussed this matter with SSE in relation to that particular hydro storage project, and my hon.
Friend the Under-Secretary of State met MSPs yesterday to discuss the subject as well.
We are keen to have this kind of hydro storage, which is why our plans allow for it to be taken forward.
However, I have to say to Opposition Members—all of them—that it is no good just having one kind of storage or one kind of tidal power; we also need to protect the Scottish economy with oil and gas to make sure we are not subjected to Putin or any other dictator holding us to ransom over our energy security.
It is good to hear that the Secretary of State is supporting the economy in Scotland, but my question is: how are the UK Government investing in grid capacity in Wales?
In Wales, such investment is crucial if we are to support energy transition projects such as the Holyhead hydrogen hub, Minesto, Morlais, BP Mona, Lightsource BP and, of course, new nuclear at Wylfa.