However, I can tell my hon.
Friend that in 2021, north Northamptonshire generated a total of 362 GWh of renewable electricity.
The people of Kettering, like their representative, want Kettering to be one of the greenest constituencies in the country.
The Secretary of State has signalled that his party will finally drop the nonsensical proposed hydrogen levy—another welcome Government U-turn.
Will he confirm that it is, in fact, a U-turn?
Will he outline exactly how the much-needed investment in green hydrogen technology will be paid for without already struggling households being made to foot the bill? [
R]
The whole House will welcome the hydrogen economy as an important way to store power.
It is becoming increasingly apparent that that power is most likely to be used in heavy industry as well as heavy transport.
This Government are committed to hydrogen power, but we are also keen to ensure that it does not impact on people’s energy bills, just as those bills are starting to fall thanks to the support that we provided families with this past winter.
The contracts for difference auctions have been very successful in kickstarting the British success story that is offshore wind.
However, the mechanism now needs adaptation to maximise job creation in places such as Lowestoft and to ensure that we adopt a strategic approach to the provision of enabling infrastructure such as ports and the grid.
I would welcome an update from my right hon.
Friend on the Government’s work on this important issue.
I could only just hear my hon.
Friend’s question, as the shadow Secretary of State made it quite hard to hear.
The Government recently completed a call for evidence on this very subject, looking at the introduction of non-price factors in the contracts for difference scheme so that it values things other than just cost deployment.
My hon.
Friend, like all Members on the Government Front Bench, wants the maximum number of jobs created and retained in this country.
Lord Deben has urged the Government to
“find the courage to place climate change once again at the heart of its leadership.”
Does the Minister share concerns that the Prime Minister and, therefore, this Government are just too weak to stand up to their Back Benchers and really grasp the opportunity and necessity?
It was this Prime Minister who created the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero, and it is this Government who have delivered more than 43% renewable electricity on to the grid.
We will take no lectures from the Labour party on combating climate change.
Will my hon.
Friend please outline what his Department is doing to look at the import of green hydrogen feedstock into the UK, to increase the scale and speed of the UK industry and help us achieve our 10 GW capacity by 2020?
I am aware of proposals on the shipping and possible piping of hydrogen and the important part that must play.
If we are to decarbonise all of British industry, we will need shipping as well as piping.
I will be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss what further we can do.
I very much welcome the recent progress on developing carbon capture, usage and storage on Teesside.
I hope we will see the final confirmation that it will happen and the work will start.
That said, local industrialists and investors are concerned that the Department is not now asking BP to build the CO2 collection pipework as originally planned, meaning that it will not go to CF Fertilisers or Kellas or pass by the Alfanar site.
Could the Minister provide an update, please?
We are moving at top speed to drive forward CCUS.
We are in a world-leading position.
The opportunity is enormous in the Tees, the Humber and areas in the north-west as we seek to get that right and embed those industries in this country.