Friend for her question and her tireless campaigning on this important issue.
As I discussed in that very positive meeting that I had with her yesterday, I have been working with colleagues across Government to establish the appropriate treatment of these facilities in planning and environmental regulation.
Every site should be considered on its own merits and is a decision for our local authorities.
Will this Government stop chuntering on about batteries and battery storage all the time?
Will they get down to JCB and see its innovative new hydrogen fuel car and  heavy goods vehicle?
Is it not about time that we realised that hydrogen is the future and that this Government should be building a pipeline of hydrogen throughout the country?
I will not be drawn on chuntering on by the hon.
Gentleman, but let me just say that it was this Government who allowed JCB to proceed with that technology and to develop it at commercial scale.
I am pleased to tell him that the Secretary of State will be visiting imminently.
What steps he is taking to help increase the potential benefits of floating offshore wind for the supply chain.
The Government are committed to placing the UK at the forefront of the floating wind sector.
I am delighted to announce that the Crown estate will be providing an update to industry this morning on a 4 GW leasing round in the Celtic sea and has already commissioned the survey work required to support it.
The development of floating offshore wind in the Celtic sea is a once-in-a-generation opportunity for my Aberavon constituency, for Wales and for the entire United Kingdom.
Last week, the Climate Change Committee rightly blasted the Government for failing to deliver on their net zero commitment.
I am profoundly concerned that floating offshore wind will be squandered due to the lack of grip and direction that the committee described.
When will the Minister be bringing forward an industrial strategy for floating offshore wind, which will ensure that Welsh manufacturing and Welsh jobs are placed at the heart of turbine and substructure fabrication, starting with the vital seabed licensing process.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
We are the world leader in floating offshore wind and we are determined to stay there in order to realise the industrial benefits, which he rightly champions, and the opportunities in Wales.
The floating wind demonstration programme—[Interruption.]
The Labour Front-Bench team really do not like to hear this, do they?
The fact that we have cut our emissions more than any other major economy on earth under this Government is what leads those on the Labour Front Bench to sense their own inadequacy, because they know what they left behind.
That floating wind demonstration programme is supporting innovation with £31 million of Government funding matched by £30 million from industry.
Floating offshore wind and all these exciting generation technologies are wonderful, but all of them will come to nought unless we can increase the speed and capacity of the grid connections to get the electricity onshore and to the users who need it.
What is the Minister doing to sort out the national grid and to speed up the way in which grid connections are made, because, without this, we will go nowhere?
My hon.
Friend puts it so well.
It is so true: whatever the generation, if we cannot get the electrons where they need to go, we are frustrated.
That is why we are determined to speed up the connections.
That is why, from the Pick report on offshore wind to the Nick Winser review, this Government, led by the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.