As we have heard already today, settlements are war crimes under the Rome statute.
So my question for the Minister is: what specific actions will the Government take to ensure that Israel adheres to international law and that its leaders are held accountable for its war crimes?
As I say, we have been clear on this.
My colleague in the other place will speak with the Israeli ambassador later today to ensure that we put forward the UK view that de-escalation is urgently required in this difficult situation and that we continue to tackle the questions associated with illegal settlements, which are contrary to humanitarian law.
When the Russians have bombed predominantly civilian areas, resulting in the death of civilians, we have rightly condemned it as a war crime.
Why have the Government not condemned these actions, which are resulting in the loss of civilian life, as a war crime?
Have the Government called in the Israeli ambassador to remind her in the strongest terms possible of the legal responsibility that Israel has to protect civilians?
The UK supports Israel’s right to defend itself and its citizens against terrorist activities, but we are clearly urging the IDF to demonstrate restraint  in order to prioritise the protection of civilians.
As I say, Lord Ahmad will be speaking with the Israeli ambassador later today.
We all condemn attacks on civilians, regardless of which community they are from.
The actions of the IDF in Jenin are indefensible and have resulted in 2023 being one of the most lethal years for Palestinians.
The UK has long claimed to support a two-state solution, endorsed UN Security Council resolution 2334 and recognised that settlements are illegal under international law.
So after yesterday’s appalling move to block action by citizens and public bodies to stop illegal occupation and settlements, have UK Government policy changed?
As I say, this Government will continue to stress the importance of the adherence to the principles of necessity and proportionality when Israel defends its legitimate security interests, as well as the importance of continuing to provide appropriate protection to the Palestinian civilian population, particularly children.
At around 11.30 am yesterday, 17-year-old Majdi Younis Saud Ararawi sustained a gunshot wound to the chest and Nouruddin Husam Yousef Marshoud, who was just 15, was shot in the head by Israeli occupation forces.
Their names join a list of more than 30 Palestinian children killed by the Israeli regime since the beginning of 2023.
The ultimate cause of those senseless killings is Israel’s brutal and illegal occupation of Palestine, which has gone on for over half a century.
Given that last night the Government voted for legislation banning peaceful means of protesting against this abomination, and given Britain’s humanitarian and historic responsibilities to the Palestinian people, what actions have the Government taken?
The Minister has ducked the question so far, but I will give her another chance to answer.
What action will the Government take to ensure that Israel adheres to international law and its leaders are held to account?
As I have said, we are engaging both with the Israelis and the Palestinians to urge them to de-escalate those tensions.
Lord Ahmad will be speaking to the Israeli ambassador later, highlighting and demanding that under international law access to medical care and staff is allowed, so that those who are injured in the Jenin refugee camp are able to receive the medical care that they require.
The use of aerial bombardment and armoured assault by thousands of troops in a refugee camp, familiar to the people of Gaza, is now extended to the west bank.
Alongside settlement expansion, it is part of the annexation of the Occupied Palestinian Territories by Israel’s far-right Government.
Occupation is the cause and context of these latest war crimes.
Will the Government acknowledge that and respond by recognising the state of Palestine?
As I say, across this House we continue our long-standing position of a two-state solution.