Occupation is the cause and context of these latest war crimes.
Will the Government acknowledge that and respond by recognising the state of Palestine?
As I say, across this House we continue our long-standing position of a two-state solution.
We will continue to work with partners across the world to find a solution that allows that to happen.
In the  meantime, we are deeply troubled by the level of violence and we continue to call on Israel, while defending itself and its citizens, to demonstrate the restraint required to ease the situation in Jenin today.
My thoughts go out to the people affected by the horrific attacks on the Jenin refugee camp.
We must be clear that this is a violation of international law and that the occupying forces, in particular, have a responsibility to end the violence.
I will give a clear suggestion of a possible action: will the UK Government send a clear message of condemnation by bringing to an end the importation into the UK of goods that are produced in those Israeli settlements that are deemed illegal under international law?
As I say, we will continue to make calls on Israel—[Interruption.]
Goods made in the settlements are not allowed to be imported, and that continues to be the case.
We continue to grow the work that we do on trade with Israel, the Palestinian Authority and the OPTs, and I know the Department for Business and Trade is focused on that development work.[Official Report,  5 July 2023 , Vol.
735, c. 4MC.]
I do not think the Minister understands the power of office.
Today we have heard comments and some warm words, but we have seen no action.
The UK currently has the power of holding the presidency of the United Nations Security Council, so will she call the Security Council together to act now on the atrocities that we have seen in Jenin?
What other measures will she take to stop further atrocities occurring?
As I say, we continue to work on the peaceful two-state solution.
Later today, Lord Ahmad will provide an update in the other place on our continuing activities.
This year has already been the deadliest for violence in the west bank since 2005.
What assessment has the Minister made of the impact of rising Israeli violence against Palestinian civilians?
I will give her another chance: does she not agree that civilian deaths should lead to investigations and accountability?
As I say, we continue to be deeply troubled by the high number of Palestinian civilians who have been killed and injured, as the hon.
Lady highlights.
While Israel has a legitimate right to defend itself, it is important that Israeli forces exercise maximum restraint, especially in the use of live fire, when protecting that legitimate security interest.
I draw attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Peace is a word we often hear in relation to Israel and Palestine, but how can peace be achieved when Palestinians are subjected to systematic and deliberate oppression and discrimination by Israeli authorities?
The people in the Jenin refugee camp have already fled their homes, and they have been displaced yet again.
Can the Minister set out what is being done by the international community to help those who have now been displaced twice?
Will  she condemn the denial to access medical care for Palestinians in Jenin?
And will she join me in calling out Israel’s behaviour for what it is?
As stated in a report by Amnesty International, Israel is committing the crime of “apartheid against Palestinians.”
As I say, Lord Ahmad will be speaking to the Israeli ambassador later and will be making clear that we want to ensure that medical supplies are able to get into refugee camps to provide the care that is needed to those who are injured as a result of the violence of the past few days.