I am afraid that I do not have the latest information on humanitarian funding, but our teams work very closely through the United Nations Relief and Rehabilitation Administration and other humanitarian organisations.
I would be happy to ask the relevant Minister to update the House later on what the latest commitments are.
Clearly, this morning’s car ramming is only the most recent of the terrorist attacks that have emanated from the city of Jenin.
So far, Operation House and Garden has resulted in the destruction of three labs, hundreds of improvised explosive devices and thousands of grenades.
Underneath the mosque, there were two tunnels with hundreds of weapons, and 120 people have been arrested.
Clearly, the terrorist activity is going to be severely limited.
Behind all this is the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, Hamas and the Jenin battalions.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree with me that this is a proportionate attempt to reduce terrorism against the state of Israel?
As I say, while the UK remains absolutely resolute in its commitment to Israel’s security, and we condemn absolutely the use of indiscriminate force by Hamas and other terrorist groups, we call on all parties to maintain a proportionate balance, so that we can de-escalate the existing situation and ensure that civilians are not caught up in this any more.
With water and electricity services in the Jenin refugee camp damaged as a result of the violence, camp residents are unable to move from their homes.
Many are in urgent need of food, drinking water and medical support, but the ambulances have been prevented from reaching the wounded.
Will the Secretary of State raise with the Israeli authorities the issue of access for ambulances and medical teams to the Jenin camp?
The FCDO Minister for the middle east, Lord Ahmad, will be listening to the debate and will be able to give an update in the other place later today about his ongoing discussions with Israeli counterparts.
Let us be clear: any loss of innocent civilian life is one too many.
But let us also be clear that the Palestinian Authority has lost control over Jenin and it has become a safe haven for terrorists.
Terror groups have fortified the area with IEDs and last week they fired rockets  towards Israel from inside the camp.
Iran has also boasted about arming, training and funding the Palestinian terror groups that operate there.
Does the Minister agree that it is in the interests of both the Palestinians and the Israelis that terror groups cease these operations, which only further destabilise the Palestinian Authority and the region, with innocent people dying as a consequence?
We recognise the real security concerns facing Israel and the Palestinian Authority while they try to deal with those terrorist groups, and we condemn absolutely terrorist groups planning and carrying out attacks.
To my hon.
Friend’s point on the loss of innocent lives, every loss is one too many and there will also be a serious number of injuries to civilians.
We continue to be deeply concerned by the cycle of violence in the west bank.
The urgent need for all parties to de-escalate to prevent that loss of life remains critical.
Unless and until we acknowledge our own role in this developing tragedy, anything the Minister says at the Dispatch Box is essentially going to be meaningless.
The increase in violence by the IDF and the expansion of settlement in the west bank happen because we and other countries in the west do nothing to hold Israel to account.
So could the Minister tell us now: will she commit to supporting an International Criminal Court investigation into what is happening there?
Will the Government here now set a timetable for the recognition of the Palestinian state?
This Government and Members on both sides of the House do not waver from the two-state solution that we all wish to see.