And will she join me in calling out Israel’s behaviour for what it is?
As stated in a report by Amnesty International, Israel is committing the crime of “apartheid against Palestinians.”
As I say, Lord Ahmad will be speaking to the Israeli ambassador later and will be making clear that we want to ensure that medical supplies are able to get into refugee camps to provide the care that is needed to those who are injured as a result of the violence of the past few days.
Reports from Jenin are shocking, particularly reports that medical teams are unable to get access to civilians in need.
I support what the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee,  the hon.
Member for Rutland and Melton (Alicia Kearns) , said about having steps towards a solution and an ending of Israeli settlements.
The United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs reports there have been at least 570 attacks by settlers against Palestinians in the west bank this year, which is an average of three attacks a day.
What is the Minister doing, in discussions with her counterparts, on tackling Israeli settler violence, as well as on the issues faced because of new Palestinian militant groups?
Action is needed now to de-escalate the situation, as well as looking again at the international funding for the United Nations Relief and Works Agency, which is vital to support Palestinian refugees.
As I say, we condemn settler violence in the strongest possible terms and we urge the Israeli authorities to do what they can.
The Foreign Secretary’s statement, published with Australia and Canada at the end of last week, highlighted the very clear demand that the Government of Israel reverse their decision to approve over 5,700 new settlement units in the west bank and change the settlement approval process.
We will continue to work with allies to achieve that.
The escalation of violence in the west bank over the past year and the killing of innocent civilians, including children in recent days, is devastating.
The two-state solution, which many of us hope will bring peace and stability to the region, seems further away than ever.
What are the Government actively doing to stop the killing of innocent people and to ensure that a two-state settlement is still a diplomatic reality?
As I have said, we continue to work with partners and allies on the two-state solution.
Indeed, we call on all those caught up in the violence today to show restraint and to de-escalate the situation so that the violence can come to a halt and we can ensure that those casualties are able to receive treatment.
My good and hon.
Friend  the Member for Cynon Valley (Beth Winter)  was absolutely correct in her remarks and I thank her for securing this urgent question.
I visited the refugee camp at Jenin in 2012 and saw some of the clinics and schools; to say that the conditions were grim is an understatement.
What we have seen over the past day or two is an attack by Israeli security forces on a refugee camp, using missiles against children, parents, the elderly  and the vulnerable.
This is not about Israel defending itself.
Even the White House has stated that it is tyranny.
When will the UK Government intervene not just with words to condemn those actions, but with something in practical terms to support the Palestinian people undergoing such appalling oppression?
The UK’s position on the middle east peace process is clear and we will continue to support a negotiated settlement, which leads to a safe and secure Israel living side by side with a viable and sovereign Palestinian state, based on the 1967 borders.
In the short term, we are calling very firmly, as are all partners around the world, on Israeli defence forces to show the required level of restraint to ensure that the violence ceases in Jenin refugee camp as soon as possible.