I, or colleagues, would be happy to meet him to discuss how we make sure that the issues he has rightly raised are addressed.
What steps he is taking to increase the use of solar panels on building roofs; and if he will make a statement.
The Government are supporting the installation of rooftop solar in numerous different ways: financial incentives, performance standards and the solar taskforce.
For years now, I have been trying to persuade Governments of all colours to change building regulations to require all new buildings to be fitted with solar panels.
That would have the benefit of securing supply, reducing household bills considerably and helping us towards net zero, so why do we not do it?
I assure my hon.
Friend that I am a great enthusiast for solar panels—I have had them on my home for the past 12 years, and they perform very well.
I want to see more people do that.
In fact, over that period, we have gone from virtually no renewables in our system—6.9%—to 43% in the last quarter.
I am very keen for that expansion to go further and faster.
We need to ensure that it is part of the building code, but we also want to make sure that other forms of renewables can be installed, so it is a balance between not being too prescriptive and making sure that we make speedy progress, particularly on all the commercial rooftops in this country.
A few weeks ago, I had the pleasure of visiting an innovative housing project in Rumney in my constituency, which had solar panels in nearly all the new buildings but also ground source heat pumps, electric vehicle charging points and battery technology in the houses, bringing down bills for the residents while contributing to net zero.
Will the Secretary of State join me in praising Cardiff’s Labour council and the Welsh Labour Government for the work they have done on this issue, and will he explain what we are doing to ensure greater manufacture of those technologies in this country?
Of course, I am delighted that the Barnett formula stretches so far in providing some of the excellent additions to those buildings.
I just want to repeat that no Government have gone further and faster in the G7 than this one in introducing renewables and ensuring that they now power a very significant part of  our grid.
We want to go further and faster still, and we will make sure that things such as building codes help with that plan.
What assessment he has made with Cabinet colleagues of the adequacy of workforce skills for delivering net zero projects.
We recognise that having the right skills within the workforce is critical, which is why we established the green jobs delivery group.
The Climate Change Committee has expressed concern that the UK is falling behind on a range of net zero commitments, including on skills.
A skilled workforce, alongside new green jobs, is a key component of the green new deal, but the workforce plan is not due until 2024.
In the light of the urgency of addressing climate change, will the Government commit to bring that forward to some time later this year?
We are working as quickly as we can on ensuring this.
The new skills that will be required are really beneficial for the UK economy, so we are keen to work with the green jobs delivery group and the Department for Education in looking at apprenticeships and how we can push this forward as quickly as possible.
What steps he is taking to encourage private sector investment in clean energy technologies.
What steps he is taking to encourage private sector investment in clean energy technologies.
Our “Powering up Britain” plan seizes opportunities from the transition to a decarbonised energy system.