It is so true: whatever the generation, if we cannot get the electrons where they need to go, we are frustrated.
That is why we are determined to speed up the connections.
That is why, from the Pick report on offshore wind to the Nick Winser review, this Government, led by the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie) —this is the first time that this country has had a networks Minister—are absolutely focused, in a laser-like way, on making sure that we speed up and get the delivery of the infrastructure that we need to deliver the green transition.
What steps his Department has taken to ensure local community engagement in onshore wind proposals.
The Government want communities to participate in and benefit from onshore wind proposed in their local area.
On  11 May , the Government issued a consultation for onshore wind partnerships in England, proposing improvements to the current system of community engagement and benefits.
Some energy firms give discounts to those who live near onshore wind farms when the wind blows.
Unfortunately, though, that is not the case everywhere.
Will the Minister look again at this policy nationally so that my constituents, such as those who live in Ulley near Penny Hill wind farm, and even myself—I live in Harthill near Loscar wind farm—will see the benefits of clean, green wind power reflected in their energy bills?
The consultation on onshore wind partnerships proposed that the Government work with RenewableUK to update the industry-wide community benefits protocol for onshore wind in England.
An updated protocol would seek to encourage more innovative approaches, for example through developers supporting local energy bill discounts.
The consultation closes on  7 July .
I am not sure there is much point in community engagement when there is no onshore wind.
We do not have any onshore wind.
Last week, we heard the Climate Change Committee’s devastating report on this country’s commitment to net zero.
When will this Government unlock the barriers to onshore wind?
I completely refute the suggestion that we have no onshore wind.
Onshore wind contributes 14 GW of power to the UK’s national grid as we speak, and of course we support the deployment of onshore wind with communities.
We come now to the shadow Minister.
The Minister is sort of right that there have been some onshore wind turbines built just recently—two since February 2022, so there is not much chance of community engagement there, to be honest.
In December, the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities promised that the onshore wind ban would be completely lifted by the end of April this year.
Why have the Government broken that promise?
I will take no lectures from the Labour party on developing renewable electricity.
When Labour left office in 2010—[Interruption.]
They do not like to hear this, but when Labour left office in 2010, less than 7% of the grid was accounted for by renewables.
Now it is 43%.
I think maybe the Government should take lessons from Labour.
It is now generally understood that the Government consultation is likely to lead to only minimal relaxation of planning rules and that onshore wind will effectively remain banned.
Tory peer Lord Deben, chairman of the Climate Change Committee, said of the consultation on Saturday that it is simply unacceptable that the Government are still discussing whether they are in favour of onshore wind or not when it is widely recognised as one of the cheapest forms of energy generation.
He is right, is he not?
I really wish the Labour party would stop talking down what we are doing on renewable electricity.
I remind the House that the consultation on onshore wind finishes on  7 July .
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of additional support for energy and trade intensive industries.