We are moving at top speed to drive forward CCUS.
We are in a world-leading position.
The opportunity is enormous in the Tees, the Humber and areas in the north-west as we seek to get that right and embed those industries in this country.
The unique geology of Cornwall means that there is huge potential for geothermal energy.
There are a number of projects bidding for the current allocation round.
Geothermal energy has a competitive strike price, has lithium as a by-product and makes use of mature technology.
Will the Secretary of State ensure that those benefits are properly factored into any assessments?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right about the opportunities of geothermal.
He will be pleased to know that it just received a potential allocation through the contracts for difference round.
As he and other hon.
Friends have pointed out, geothermal has great potential in this country, and we look forward to supporting it.
Communities in Padanaram, Forfar, Aberlemno and Stracathro in my constituency have been on the receiving end of an extraordinarily flawed consultation by SSEN—Scottish and Southern Electricity Networks—on taking a 400 kV line from Tealing to Kintore.
I welcome the investment, but can the Minister advise on the minimum standards for consultations on capital infrastructure of this nature, and why will Ofgem not mandate that there is a community benefit?
I will, with the hon.
Gentleman’s permission, arrange to write back to him in a more detailed structure, given that the development is  actually in the constituency of my hon.
Friend  the Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie) .
Unlocking access to the grid will unlock significant private sector capital ready to come in for microgeneration of battery storage projects.
Can my hon.
Friend give me an update on the timing for the Winser review and the Government’s response to it?
The Government have received Nick Winser’s review and it will be published imminently.
Following a debate in Westminster Hall on making heritage buildings more sustainable, will the Secretary of State undertake to meet his colleague the Minister with responsibility for culture to push for the urgent revision of guidelines to allow greater flexibility in the siting of solar panels and other renewable installations on heritage buildings, in order to make them more environmentally sustainable and economically viable?
Speaking for myself, I would be delighted to have a meeting on that subject.
At a time when the cost of generating electricity is falling thanks to the increasing use of renewables, my constituents do not understand why the price of electricity remains linked to the price of gas.
I know that the Government are undertaking a review of electricity market arrangements.
When might they expect to see a change?
My hon.
Friend is quite right to ask that question.
We would all like to see gas setting the price of electricity less frequently.
That is why we are   accelerating the take-up of renewables, which were so pitifully low in quantity when Labour was in power.
We need a Conservative Government to keep up progress and lower bills right across the country.
The Secretary of State outlined the progress being made on small modular nuclear reactors.
Can he provide an estimate of how many there might be within 10 years?
Great British Nuclear will be launched later in July.
We will also be launching the draw-down selection process for which technologies we will invest in and support.
I would be delighted to speak to the hon.
Gentleman in more detail about that progress moving forward.
I think my constituents, not least those who are part of the Glasgow Community Energy co-operative, will be disappointed with the Minister’s answer to  the right hon.
Member for Exeter (Mr Bradshaw) .
The Minister is extremely familiar with the clauses that form part of the proposed community energy Bill.
They are not acceptable as amendments to the Energy Bill before this House.