We are also talking to stakeholders and ensuring that we are giving the best support we can to all those who will be vulnerable in winter 2023-24.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Next week will mark the 500-day anniversary since Putin launched his invasion of Ukraine and began trying to blackmail the world on energy.
As ever, Britain stood strong in the face of tyranny, and I am pleased to report that from Saturday just past, energy bills are falling by an average of 17% for households.
We are committed to powering Britain from Britain, despite some alarming energy surrender plans coming from the Opposition.
The Climate Change Committee’s report published last week found that of the policies and consultations that are the responsibility of the Secretary of State’s Department, no less than 33 are overdue.
He cannot blame anyone else.
Will he now own up to the Government’s appalling failure?
The actual data argues the opposite way.
We have met all our carbon budgets to date.
The Climate Change Committee last week said that the chances of reaching carbon budget 4 are “slightly increased”.
We are confident of meeting it, and we have   set out our plans for carbon budgets 5 and 6.
I have to say that given that this country has the best record in the world among developed nations for getting carbon under control, it is surprising to hear the Opposition’s view.
Our domestic nuclear sector and our military are struggling to recruit and retain enough nuclear engineers.
What discussions is the Minister having with the sector and the Department for Education to create a long-term workforce plan to solve the issue?
Since day one, the skills challenges that we face have been a top priority for me, which is why my Department is working closely with the Ministry of Defence, the DFE and the sector to tackle them.
With the employer-led Nuclear Skills Strategy Group, we have deployed a joint plan of skills actions to support the civil and defence programmes, but I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss that further.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Six days ago, the Climate Change Committee delivered its most scathing assessment in its history on the Government’s record, saying that they were off track on 41 out of 50 key targets.
It said that we have gone “markedly” backwards in the past year, on the Secretary of State’s watch.
Who does he blame for this failure?
As has been discussed more than once in these questions and answers, we have taken this country from having only 7% renewable energy to over 40%.
We have decarbonised faster than any other G7 nation and we are on track for carbon budget 4, having already overdelivered on carbon budgets 1, 2 and 3.
Based on our record to date, we are doing a pretty good job.
That answer is total complacency from a Secretary of State who has just been proven to be failing on every major aspect of his agenda.
That is why Lord Goldsmith resigned.
Lord Deben has said he is failing, and  the right hon.
Member for Maidenhead (Mrs May)  has said that we are losing the global race.
Is not the truth now that even the Tories do not trust the Tories on the climate crisis?
This is one of the problems with not being prepared to follow the data, which shows us overdelivering on the commitments of carbon budgets 1, 2 and 3, and that we are more likely to meet carbon budget 4 than we were a year ago.
If the right hon.
Gentleman wants to ignore all that and still roll out his pre-written question, that is how we get to his conclusions.
The truth is that the Government are delivering on the issues of climate change while protecting every single household in the country from Putin’s tyranny.