We will continue to urge Israel to halt that and ensure that the trade relationships that we have with Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories can progress as they need to.
Many of my Luton South constituents have been in touch to say how distressed and angry they are about the increase in violence on the west bank.
Many have set out that the access to supplies, clean water and powdered milk for children is at risk, so, beyond conversations, can the Minister confirm that there will be additional support for healthcare and medical organisations on the ground so that they can help civilians?
Once my noble Friend Lord Ahmad has had discussions with the Israeli ambassador, I will ensure that further information on how we will continue to support UNRWA and other humanitarian groups focuses in particular on this incident.
I am afraid that I do not have more information to hand at the moment.
One eye witness in an interview with CNN has compared the impact of the incursion with a natural disaster in terms of the destruction of infrastructure, such as roads, water systems and electricity.
What role can the British Government play in helping reconstruction to reduce further humanitarian suffering?
Is it the policy of the British Government that the state of Israel should pay reparations for damage to civilian infrastructure in the occupied territories as a result of military activity?
As I have said, we have seen the violent activity today on our TVs and we call on the Israeli Defence Forces and the Israeli Government to demonstrate the restraint that is required to prioritise the protection of civilians and ensure that we can see both medical support get into the Jenin camp and de-escalation of the violence as soon as possible.
I wish to pass on my thanks to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cynon Valley (Beth Winter)  for raising this issue today.
I will give the Minister one more chance before we end this urgent question: can she set out with far, far greater clarity than she has done so far what action the Government will take as president of the UN Security Council to ensure that Israel adheres to international law and that its leaders are held accountable?
As I set out earlier this week, the Foreign Secretary spoke to the Israeli Foreign Minister, Eli Cohen, on  26 June  and to Palestinian Prime Minister Shtayyeh on  16 June .
Such conversations are going on day after day.
Lord Ahmad will be able to give an update on his conversations later on in the day in the other place.
Israel is clearly in breach of international humanitarian law as well as multiple UN Security Council resolutions.
The Minister has ducked the very specific question on the  Security Council on multiple occasions.
As president of the Security Council, the UK has a particular power to convene the Security Council and, indeed, the responsibility to do so.
Can the Minister give us a very clearcut answer: will the UK Government convene the Security Council on this issue—yes or no?
As I have said, the Government continue not only to have close discussions with the Israelis to try to ensure a de-escalation of the violence that we are seeing today, but to work closely with our allies and partners to ensure that we continue to support and give the clear direction of international partners on the question of the two-state solution.
I thank the Minister of State for her measured and careful answers to the urgent question.
It is important that her interest in this matter is put on the record.
Will she outline what discussions have taken place with our Israeli allies to renew peace talks, to allow both states to co-exist beside each other without the tit-for-tat action that has become normalised and yet is truly horrific and heartbreaking for all those who are losing loved ones in this conflict?