So could the Minister tell us now: will she commit to supporting an International Criminal Court investigation into what is happening there?
Will the Government here now set a timetable for the recognition of the Palestinian state?
This Government and Members on both sides of the House do not waver from the two-state solution that we all wish to see.
As I have said, settlements are illegal under international law and we will continue, alongside allies and partners, to make that point clear.
As for the ongoing activity today, I hope that Lord Ahmad will be able to pick up on that later today as progress is made with our counterparts in Israel.
But hasn’t our strategic partnership with Israel, announced in this House, afforded us any leverage over Israeli policy in the west bank?
Our strategic relationship with Israel is a strong and long-standing one.
We work with Israel in many areas, from security to trade.
It is an important partner.
That does not negate the fact that we want to see a de-escalation of the current situation and to ensure that the loss of civilian lives is minimised.
I share the distress of others at the loss of civilian life.
Islamic Jihad has already claimed several of the dead as Islamic Jihad fighters and, as we have heard, the Israelis say that the camp was used as a hub for terrorist operations.
Does the Minister think any more can be done to prevent terrorists from embedding themselves among civilians, particularly in places such as refugee camps?
We recognise the security challenges that are faced and will continue to be faced, not only by Israel and the Palestinian Authority in this case, but elsewhere in the world, where innocents living  in refugee camps are used as a cover for terrorists wishing to cause harm.
We all have to continue to tackle that not only in the west bank, but around the world.
Importantly, in this situation, we will all continue to urge de-escalation to reduce the risk of any further civilian casualties or loss of life.
This year has seen more Palestinians killed than in any other year, more settlement starts announced than in any other year, more demolitions in East Jerusalem than in any other year and more violence in general.
We are on the precipice of another intifada.
At the minute, it looks to me as though Israel is acting with impunity and this is an all-out assault on Palestinian life.
So what actions will the Government undertake—not just conversations—to bring this dreadful escalation in violence to an end?
We are absolutely committed to working with all parties on the challenges associated with demolitions so that people remain calm and avoid provocation.
But we are clear that in all but the most exceptional of circumstances demolitions and forced evictions are contrary to international humanitarian law.
The practice causes unnecessary suffering to Palestinians and is harmful to efforts to promote peace.
In particular, we are monitoring developments at Masafer Yatta closely and we have made our views clear to the Israeli Government on that matter.
Constituents have written to me about their grave concerns for the welfare of civilians and health workers in the Jenin camp.
They, like me, know that the Israeli army enjoys a climate of impunity because the international community never holds Israel to account for its actions.
Israel continues to breach international law, including the fourth Geneva convention.
As we have heard already today, settlements are war crimes under the Rome statute.
So my question for the Minister is: what specific actions will the Government take to ensure that Israel adheres to international law and that its leaders are held accountable for its war crimes?
As I say, we have been clear on this.