A recent report by the Energy and Climate Intelligence Unit shows that, regardless of Ministers’ plans to expand domestic oil and gas production, imports of gas will continue to rise significantly unless we tackle demand.
New oil and gas licences simply will not deliver energy security as the oil and gas is sold at global prices on international markets.
They will cost the taxpayer dearly while being a disaster for the climate.
Will the Government finally do what is needed by ruling out new licences and committing instead to measures that will genuinely make the UK energy secure, including a nationwide street-by-street home insulation programme, unblocking onshore wind, and installing new solar on every roof?
We have gone from 14% of our homes being insulated under the previous Government to nearly 50%—it will be 50% this year—and we have set up an energy taskforce to reduce the usage of energy and make it more efficient.
However, the policy of the hon.
Lady’s party, and that of the official Opposition, of importing all the oil and gas that we require and not providing new licences is simply insane.
It means that every single family in Britain will be subject to the next tyrant like Putin, and that the carbon used will be double what is taken from the North sea.
It is bonkers policy.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of increases in the population on the ability to meet net zero targets.
Population growth is taken into account when setting our decarbonisation goals.
Specifically, it is accounted for in our baseline emissions projections, which help determine the effort required to meet our carbon targets.
Does my right hon.
Friend accept that in 2050, on present Government policies, we will have 25 million more people in this country than there were in 1990, the base date for carbon dioxide emissions?
He obviously accepts that a higher population leads to higher global emissions, but can he also say that when it comes to climate change, it would be a good idea for this Government to concentrate on a net migration policy, rather than net zero?
As my hon.
Friend knows, the Prime Minister is absolutely determined to bring net migration down to sustainable levels.
I would also point out to him that the UK does not set decarbonisation targets per capita, because all countries need to reduce emissions in absolute terms.
We are determined to play our part in doing that—to move to net zero, but in a pro-growth, pro-business manner.
It is not simply about empowering future generations, but those that exist.
That is why the roll-out of smart metering is important.
The latest quarterly statistics claim that 57% of UK households have smart meters, but that masks the fact that only four out of 32 Scottish local authorities are above 50% in the roll-out of smart metering, five are below 30%, and three island councils  are below 10%.
All those are also the areas with the highest fuel poverty.
As we approach March 2024, when radio teleswitching will go off, how will we ensure that people have access to smart metering, enabling them to get off-peak tariffs?
The hon.
Gentleman is right, both to enthuse about the importance of smart metering and the benefits it can bring—even more so as we move forward in the coming years—and to highlight the importance of ensuring, as ever, that something so important is equitably distributed.
I, or colleagues, would be happy to meet him to discuss how we make sure that the issues he has rightly raised are addressed.
What steps he is taking to increase the use of solar panels on building roofs; and if he will make a statement.
The Government are supporting the installation of rooftop solar in numerous different ways: financial incentives, performance standards and the solar taskforce.