When will the UK Government intervene not just with words to condemn those actions, but with something in practical terms to support the Palestinian people undergoing such appalling oppression?
The UK’s position on the middle east peace process is clear and we will continue to support a negotiated settlement, which leads to a safe and secure Israel living side by side with a viable and sovereign Palestinian state, based on the 1967 borders.
In the short term, we are calling very firmly, as are all partners around the world, on Israeli defence forces to show the required level of restraint to ensure that the violence ceases in Jenin refugee camp as soon as possible.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cynon Valley (Beth Winter)  for securing this urgent question.
It has been reported that medical teams have been prevented from entering Jenin.
Will the Minister condemn that now from the Dispatch Box?
Will she express to her counterpart that Palestinians must have medical aid, and can she then return to the House to update MPs on the medical situation?
As I have said, international humanitarian law requires access to be made available for medical teams to treat those in need of care, so we are urging Israel to allow that as soon as possible.
I know that my colleague, the Minister for the middle east, will be raising that particularly urgently with the Israeli ambassador when he speaks to her this afternoon.
I will ensure that an update is provided by the Department in due course.
The last time that we saw tensions rise like this, we experienced a month of hate, with incidents of antisemitism rising to an all-time high, and horror tropes on the streets of London.
Does the Minister agree that, while discussions are taking place to de-escalate the situation, we all have a duty to temper our language to make sure that Jewish residents, such as my constituents, do not live in fear of abuse, graffiti, racist convoys and, ultimately, violence.
We all have a duty to try to tackle this behaviour on the streets when we see it.
We all have a duty to ensure that antisemitic voices are not allowed to cause distress or violence.
We will continue to ensure that those who feel anxious get the support they need.
We provide a great deal of support and are very proud of the work that the Home Office does in support of many of our Jewish communities.
This year, we have seen a record number of settlement units approved.
The Israeli Finance Minister has instructed ministries to prepare for an additional 500,000 settlers on the west bank.
We have seen 33 Palestinian children killed.
While the Government urge restraint and we get the same weak answers time and again from the Dispatch Box, Israel is acting with impunity.
I think the Minister said it slightly wrong earlier on, but it seemed that she was saying that trade with illegal settlements is now deemed illegal by the UK Government.
Is that the case?
Let me reiterate again that the UK position on settlements is absolutely clear.
Those settlements are illegal under international law and, indeed, they call into question that commitment to the two-state solution, to which the UK are committed.
We will continue to urge Israel to halt that and ensure that the trade relationships that we have with Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories can progress as they need to.
Many of my Luton South constituents have been in touch to say how distressed and angry they are about the increase in violence on the west bank.
Many have set out that the access to supplies, clean water and powdered milk for children is at risk, so, beyond conversations, can the Minister confirm that there will be additional support for healthcare and medical organisations on the ground so that they can help civilians?