What steps he is taking to encourage private sector investment in clean energy technologies.
What steps he is taking to encourage private sector investment in clean energy technologies.
Our “Powering up Britain” plan seizes opportunities from the transition to a decarbonised energy system.
Our policies, backed by billions of pounds of Government funding—but more importantly, leveraging in about £100 billion of private investment—will support up to 480,000 jobs in 2030.
Enfinium is building a new energy-from-waste facility in my constituency, which will process nearly 400,000 tonnes of waste to generate electricity for more than 95,000 homes and businesses each year.
Will the Minister join me in welcoming this investment in renewable energy, and outline how the Government are supporting energy-from-waste facilities across the country?
I thank my hon.
Friend, and I am delighted to join her in welcoming this new investment, which will be a huge asset to her community as well as having positive national implications.
Energy from waste with combined heat and power is supported through pot 1 of the contracts for difference scheme—our auction system.
We expect to announce the results of the latest round in early September, and I hope the House will watch that announcement with great interest.
What assessment has the Minister made of the role of a tariff support mechanism to encourage short-term private sector investment in deep geothermal to support levelling up?
There is no greater champion than—or anyone in this House with half the knowledge of this, as far as I can tell—my hon.
Friend in supporting the potential of deep geothermal.
When the Prime Minister responded to his report, I know he thanked my hon.
Friend for all the work that went into it.
I can confirm that geothermal technologies that generate electricity are eligible for the contracts for difference scheme.
We are also supporting and encouraging the development of geothermal heating projects through the green heat network fund, which supports the development of low-carbon heat networks.
Under the leadership of my hon.
Friend, I am confident that geothermal has a positive future.
Private sector businesses in the Humber are ready and willing to invest £15 billion in carbon capture, storage and decarbonisation projects.
However, this is being put at risk because, of the eight track 1 carbon capture and storage projects selected, not a single project was approved for the Humber, despite the Humber being the largest carbon emitter in the country and the fact that 80% of the UK’s licensed CO2 storage capacity is accessible from the Humber.
When will these businesses get the clarity they need?
When the track 1 expansion process is launched, will both Humber pipelines be approved?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question, and she is right to be frustrated because of the enormous potential both to decarbonise and to unlock industrial benefits for the area.
We are moving as quickly as possible.
I have already said that the Viking project and the Scottish cluster are in the favoured position, and the team is moving as quickly as possible this year to provide more certainty and unlock further investment.
Private sector investment in clean energy is vital, but does the Minister agree that one reason that the United Kingdom, despite having the highest tidal range on planet Earth after Canada, still uses so little of it, is a lack of public sector leadership?
Areas such as Morecambe Bay, which could contribute to tidal energy, bringing down people’s bills and protecting us against Putin, are something that we could move forward.
Will the Minister agree to meet me and other MPs around the bay, so that we can bring forward plans to get the most out of our tidal energy?
I am not an expert in the hon.
Gentleman’s history on this topic, but I hope it has been consistently in favour of tidal energy, and therefore different from so many other areas of policy.