It is interesting to note that Opposition Members, including the leader of the Labour party, have campaigned to ensure they are preventing the deportation of foreign criminals.
Those on the Government Benches are determined to see foreign criminals removed, and there was an increase in removals of 74% last year.
I call the shadow Minister.
Under successive Conservative Governments since 2010, returns of failed asylum seekers have collapsed by 44%, and returns of foreign national offenders have fallen by almost 30% over the same period.
For all the Government’s tough talk, only 2% of those arriving on small boats since 2018 have been returned anywhere, yet Ministers are still resisting Labour’s plan for a new returns and enforcement unit to ensure the swift removal of those with no right to be here.
Meanwhile, over the weekend, more people crossed the channel in small boats than will be covered in the entire first year of the Government’s failing Rwanda scheme.
Will the Minister stop the headline-chasing gimmicks and instead commit to setting out his plan for the 99% of people currently stuck in the asylum system who will never be sent to Rwanda?
The fact of the matter is that nearly 18,000 foreign national offenders were returned between January 2019 and December 2023.
The fact of the matter is that Opposition Members, including the leader of the Labour party, have campaigned to prevent the deportation of foreign criminals, while Government Members welcome an increase of 74%, with an average of 500 people being removed every single week.
What recent assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of neighbourhood policing levels.
What steps he has taken to increase police visibility in local communities.
What steps he has taken to increase police visibility in local communities.
What recent assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of neighbourhood policing levels.
What recent assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of neighbourhood policing levels.
What steps he has taken to increase police visibility in local communities.
I am happy to remind the House that last year we reached record numbers of police officers—in excess of 149,000, which was over 3,000 more than at the previous peak under the last Labour Government.
In terms of local policing, we achieved 67,785 as of March last year.
Under this Government, 10,000 neighbourhood police officers have disappeared since 2015 and have yet to be replaced on the frontline.
Given the Government’s proclivity for lifting Labour’s policies, may I gently encourage the Minister to adopt Labour’s plan to recruit 13,000 new neighbourhood police officers, allowing for a named, contactable officer in every ward in the country?
The hon.
Member is using figures that went up to 2019.
Of course, the reason he is using figures that are five years out of date is that the numbers have gone up since then.
If we take neighbourhood policing as a whole, we see an increase of 6,000, from 61,083 in 2015—the year he mentioned—to 67,785.
I am surprised that he is not joining me in welcoming that.
Antisocial behaviour has been a big problem in Holyhead.
Almost £700,000 of UK Government safer streets funding has been used for CCTV, improved lighting, self-defence training for local women and girls, delivering crime prevention packs and outreach work.
Will the Minister join me in thanking Chief Inspector Robert Rands, PC Lisa Thomas and many others who work so hard to improve the lives of people who live and work in Holyhead?
I certainly join my hon.
Friend in thanking those officers as well as countless thousands of others around the country who do such good work.
On ASB, in addition to the safer streets money that she mentioned, from the beginning of this month we have an extra £66 million of funding for antisocial behaviour hotspot patrolling.
Every single one of England and Wales’s police forces will get that, and that will make an enormous difference in combating the scourge of ASB.