I spoke to the RAF earlier today; they are the best of the best, and I know that the whole House will join me in expressing our gratitude.
With this attack, Iran has once again shown its true colours.
It is intent on sowing chaos in its own backyard—on further destabilising the middle east.
Our aim is to support stability and security because that is right for the region, and because although the middle east is thousands of miles away, it has a direct effect on our security and prosperity at home, so we are working urgently with our allies to de-escalate the situation and prevent further bloodshed.
We want to see calmer heads prevail, and we are directing all our diplomatic efforts to that end.
Yesterday I spoke to my fellow G7 leaders.
We are united in our condemnation of this attack.
We discussed further potential diplomatic measures, which we will be working together to co-ordinate in the coming days.
I will also shortly speak to Prime Minister Netanyahu to express our solidarity with Israel in the face of this attack, and to discuss how we can prevent further escalation.
All sides must show restraint.
Our actions reflect our wider strategy in the middle east, which I have set out in the House previously.
I believe there are three vital steps to put the region on to a better path.
First, we must uphold regional security against hostile actors, including in the Red sea, and we must ensure Israel’s security.
That is non-negotiable and a fundamental condition for peace in the region.
In the face of the threats that we saw this weekend, Israel has our full support.
Secondly, we must invest more deeply in the two-state solution.
That is what we have been doing over the past six months, including working closely with the Palestinian  Authority, so that when the time comes, they can provide more effective governance for Gaza and the west bank.
It is significant that other regional partners actually helped to prevent a much worse attack over the weekend.
It reminds us how important the attempts to normalise relations between Israel and its neighbours really are, and they hold out precious hope for the region.
Thirdly, the conflict in Gaza must end.
Hamas, who are backed by Iran, started this war.
They wanted not just to kill and murder, but to destabilise the whole region.
This weekend, they rejected the latest hostage deal, which offered a road to a ceasefire.
It is Israel’s right, and indeed its duty, to defeat the threat from Hamas terrorists and defend its security.
I want to be clear: nothing that has happened over the past 48 hours affects our position on Gaza.
The appalling toll on civilians continues to grow—the hunger, the desperation and the loss of life on an awful scale.
The whole country wants to see an end to the bloodshed, and to see more humanitarian support going in.
The recent increase in aid flows is positive, but it is still not enough.
We need to see new crossings open for longer to get in vital supplies.
I want to take this opportunity, Mr Speaker, to pay tribute to the three British aid workers who were killed in Gaza: John Chapman, James Kirby and James Henderson.
They were heroes.
The children of Gaza whom they were risking their lives to feed need a humanitarian pause immediately, leading to a long-term sustainable ceasefire.
That is the fastest way to get hostages out and aid in, and to stop the fighting.
Israelis and Palestinians alike deserve to live in peace, dignity and security, and so do people across the entire region.
In conclusion, Saturday’s attack was the act not of a people, but of a despotic regime, and it is emblematic of the dangers that we face today.
The links between such regimes are growing.