What concrete steps can we take to protect those civilians?
I have personally repeatedly raised with Prime Minister Netanyahu the issue of settler violence in the west bank, as have my colleagues including the deputy Foreign Secretary.
We have joined with allies in sanctioning the activity of particular individuals where it has been brought to our attention and we will continue to ensure that the Israeli Government do everything they can to reduce tension in the west bank.
It is not conducive to long-term peace in the region, and that is why we have taken action where we can, as well as being explicit with the Israeli Government about our concerns.
Mr Speaker, I knew your father well for a very long time.
He was a fine man, and I am sincerely sorry for your loss.
There was not one single word in the Prime Minister’s statement of condemnation of the Israeli destruction of the Iranian consulate in Damascus, which is the proximate reason for the event everyone is here in concert condemning.
He was not even asked to do so by the Opposition  Front Bench.
Kay Burley is the only person so far to demand that of a Government Minister.
We have no treaty with Israel—at least not one that Parliament has been shown.
The Iranians are not likely to listen to the Prime Minister when Britain occupied Iran, looted its wealth and overthrew its one democratic socialist Government in my lifetime.
Whatever may have happened a few weeks ago, it is absolutely no justification for launching more than 300 drones and missiles from one sovereign state towards Israel—it is as simple as that.
In the hon.
Gentleman’s question, not once did he condemn that action or, indeed, the actions of Hamas in the region.
There is no equivalence between these things whatever, and to suggest otherwise is simply wrong.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his strong support for the state of Israel.
Last year, as Israel and Saudi Arabia were about to strike a transformational agreement, Iran-backed Hamas carried out its massacre on  7 October  with the aim of torpedoing the chance of peace between Israel and the Arab nations.
Last Saturday’s drone attack by Iran being thwarted by Israel and her allies, including Jordan, demonstrates that our countries can work alongside Israel after this new period of contention.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that this represents a new opportunity for Israel and the Arab nations to rebuild relations in the aftermath of  7 October  and bring the hostages home?
I agree with my right hon.
Friend.
It is significant that other regional partners helped to prevent a much worse attack over the weekend.
It reminds us how important the attempts are to normalise relations between Israel and its neighbours.
It holds out precious hope for the region.
It is exactly that hope that Iran and its proxies are trying to snuff out, and we should work hard to combat that.
My condolences to you and your family, Mr Speaker.
Prime Minister, I condemn Iran and Hamas—let me start there—but we must not lose focus on the situation in Gaza, where there is a humanitarian crisis and famine.
It is just destruction that people are seeing in front of their eyes.
If we want to ensure that the hostages come home—like the hostage who has been adopted in Brent, Noa Argamani—we must argue for a ceasefire, not a pause.
Will the Prime Minister clearly state that we should be calling for an immediate ceasefire on all sides?
It is wrong to suggest in any way that we have lost sight of what is happening in Gaza.