I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for that question.
We responded within the eight-week deadline to that ICIBI report and accepted the recommendations made to us in it.
We are working through them, but work was already in train, particularly in collaboration with the Care Quality Commission, on better accreditation practices for care providers when we are matching people to those visas.
Outdated laws are allowing child sexual predators and offenders to enter or leave our country while in possession of illegal material on their digital devices because Border Force does not have the power to access them.
Will my right hon.
Friend work with his colleagues in the Ministry of Justice to consider the merits of  a new offence of wilful obstruction, under which an individual could be prosecuted if they fail to unlock their devices to allow them to be properly searched?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her work in this area.
The issues that she raises are of direct importance to intelligence gathering  and child protection.
My officials have been working closely with Border Force to ensure that its powers keep pace with the digital age.
When the next legislative opportunity arises, if not before, we will carefully consider giving Border Force powers to compel individuals to submit to searches of their devices, if they are suspected of holding child sexual abuse material.
The murder of Gracie Spinks in Chesterfield sent shockwaves through the town, and the report on Derbyshire police’s handling of this desperately unhappy situation was salutary.
There is still far too much inconsistency in how stalking and violence against women are handled, so will the Home Secretary back Labour’s plan to bring in mandatory national standards, and mandatory training on tackling violence against women, so that we see consistency in policing on stalking right across the country?
I reassure the hon.
Gentleman and the House that, under my leadership, the Home Office and policing across the UK will maintain its focus on preventing violence against women and girls.
We have a roll-out of police guidance and training when it comes to women and girls.
I will listen carefully to the proposals he has put forward, because we want to make sure that women and girls feel safe in this country.
This Government champion fantastic animal welfare standards.
My constituents would like to see alternatives to animal testing wherever possible, and would be keen to hear a vital update from the Department.
Given that interest is about to switch in this House to a different matter, I will be brief.
I promise to write to my hon.
Friend on this, but she should know that this Government have already doubled spending on finding alternatives to animal testing.
We will continue to make sure that the inspection regime is as strict as possible, to make sure that when animals need to be used, the conditions are as humane as possible.
Will the Home Secretary tell us what level of auditing there will be of the hundreds of millions of pounds being sent to Rwanda?
In particular, will he guarantee that no UK taxpayers’ cash will, either directly or indirectly, be used to fund the M23 militia in the Democratic Republic of the Congo?
All our overseas expenditure, whether it is through official development assistance or through contractual relationships, such as the ones with Rwanda, is always robustly policed to ensure that it is spent exclusively on the issues that it is designed to address.
We have a strong, good working relationship with the Government of Rwanda, who are absolutely committed to being the exporter of solutions to global problems, rather than the exporter of problems.
The people of Romford are angry that they are not getting the police cover from the Mayor of London that we pay for.
We are seeing a crime wave across Romford, including in Gidea Park, and we have seen a stabbing in the town  centre.
We have had enough.