The people of Romford are angry that they are not getting the police cover from the Mayor of London that we pay for.
We are seeing a crime wave across Romford, including in Gidea Park, and we have seen a stabbing in the town  centre.
We have had enough.
Will the Minister please ensure reform, so that Essex towns such as Romford get the service that Roger Hirst gives to the people of the historic county?
My hon.
Friend is quite right to draw attention to the contrast between the excellent work done by Roger Hirst in Essex and the appalling job being done by Sadiq Khan in London.
Sadiq Khan is the only one of the 43 police and crime commissioners to have missed his recruitment target and, tragically, police officer numbers are falling in London, in contrast to the rest of the country.
Londoners will have a chance to cast their vote on  2 May , and I hope that they kick him out.
My constituent Maysara is a British citizen, and his parents live in Gaza.
His parents successfully applied for  visas to visit him in the autumn last year, but they were unable to travel after 7 October, and their visas expired.
I contacted the Home Office on Maysara’s behalf to ask if those visas could be extended, but I was told that his parents would have to make new applications.
However, there are no functioning visa application centres in Gaza, so will the Minister explain what exactly my constituent’s parents should do?
I am more than happy to look at the details of the case.
The hon.
Gentleman has to understand that the circumstances on the ground changed dramatically after Hamas’ brutal mass murder rampage on  7 October , and our security posture in the region has had to be enhanced.
I am not making any implications about his constituent’s family, but he and the House will understand that we must be careful in everything we do when it comes to accepting people who are leaving Gaza in these circumstances.
Mr Speaker, before I start, I would like to express my deepest sympathy, and I am sure that of the whole House, on the death of your father.
He was a true giant of not just this House, but the other place, too.
I also want to express my solidarity with our Australian friends after the horrific and senseless attacks in Sydney in recent days.
Our thoughts are with all those affected.
On Saturday evening, Iran sought to plunge the middle east into a new crisis.
It launched a barrage of missiles and attack drones over Iraq and Jordan, and towards Israel.
The scale of the attack, and the fact that it was targeted directly at Israel, are without precedent.
It was a reckless and dangerous escalation.
If it had succeeded, the fallout for regional security and the toll on Israeli citizens would have been catastrophic, but it did not succeed.
In support of Israel’s own defensive action, the United Kingdom joined a US-led international effort, along with France and partners in the region, that intercepted almost all of the missiles, saving lives in Israel and its neighbours.
We sent additional RAF Typhoons to the region as part of our existing operations against Daesh in Iraq and Syria, and I can confirm that our forces destroyed a number of Iranian drones.
We also provided important intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance support for our partners.
Our pilots put themselves in harm’s way to protect the innocent and preserve peace and stability.
I spoke to the RAF earlier today; they are the best of the best, and I know that the whole House will join me in expressing our gratitude.
With this attack, Iran has once again shown its true colours.
It is intent on sowing chaos in its own backyard—on further destabilising the middle east.