Both the Defence Secretary and the Foreign Secretary have spoken to their counterparts over the weekend, and the Foreign Secretary has spoken to the Iranian Foreign Minister specifically to urge de-escalation and condemn what happened over the weekend.
I will be speaking to Prime Minister Netanyahu shortly, and I can reassure the hon.
Lady and all Members of the House that we will continue, together with our allies, to urge calm heads to prevail and de-escalation.
That is the right course forward, and across all levels of Government that is the message we are taking to everyone.
There is another country that is under almost constant daily bombardment by Iranian-made drones: Ukraine.
Some three years ago I pleaded with the Israelis to help Ukraine against Russia, and they refused even though Russia was spending half a billion dollars in the Iranian drone programme.
I know the Prime Minister will be speaking to the Prime Minister of Israel later today; now that RAF pilots have quite rightly gone to the defence of Israel, could he perhaps ask that Israel now decides it is time to help Ukraine in its hour of need, and we can see off both Russia and Iranian aggression?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for the role he has played in ensuring the security of the UK and our allies over previous years.
My statement  alluded to the fact that the Ukrainians were suffering from Iranian drones over the same weekend that this happened.
Not only will I, as always, be taking up his points with all our allies in urging them to do more to support Ukraine, but I know he will have welcomed the recent announcement a few weeks ago of more support from the UK to Ukraine, specifically in the areas of uncrewed platforms on autonomous warfare to make sure the Ukrainians have the ability both to protect themselves and to conduct their operations.
The majority of the 10,000 new platforms we are delivering to the Ukrainians have been developed in the UK, which my right hon.
Friend was keen to ensure we saw the benefits of here at home.
I am glad that has been realised, both supporting Ukraine and its security and bolstering the British defence industry here at home.
There is rightly consensus across the House to call for restraint from the Israeli Government, but we have called for restraint before: we called for restraint with regard to the attack on Gaza, yet the indiscriminate bombing took place; we called for restraint on the settlements in the west bank, yet the settlements have expanded; we called for restraint so that food could be got to the children of Gaza, yet malnutrition is killing some of them.
So what action will the Government take if Israel does not show restraint, because we are in danger of the middle east being set alight by the decisions taken by the right-wing factions within the Netanyahu Cabinet?
I am sorry, but I missed the part of the right hon.
Gentleman’s question where he condemned Iran and Hamas for what they have done.
We will always encourage de-escalation in the region, and I am proud of the role the UK is playing to bring that about.
The Prime Minister was right to authorise the defence of Israel and the avoidance of violence and death, but violence has also erupted in the west bank over the last few days, as he will know.
What concrete steps can we take to protect those civilians?
I have personally repeatedly raised with Prime Minister Netanyahu the issue of settler violence in the west bank, as have my colleagues including the deputy Foreign Secretary.
We have joined with allies in sanctioning the activity of particular individuals where it has been brought to our attention and we will continue to ensure that the Israeli Government do everything they can to reduce tension in the west bank.