They are no more than a cynical attempt to exploit the suffering, pain and turmoil being experienced by people in Palestine right now.
While we rightly condemn the violent acts of Iran, so too must we condemn the violent acts of Israel.
From listening to the interviews that he has been giving, the Foreign Secretary is correct in his attempt to uphold the principle of proportionality, but if firing 100 missiles in retaliation for an isolated attack on an embassy is—correctly—considered disproportionate, so too must be Israel’s 192-day bombardment of Gaza.
We know that the agenda in Tehran is to bring about as much instability as possible.
We all have a responsibility to ensure that that does not happen.
There is not going to be a military solution to the conflict in the middle east.
There must be a political and diplomatic solution, so what is required now is the same as what was required six months ago: we need de-escalation, and for the causes of conflict in the region to be reviewed.
The biggest continuing cause of conflict is the siege of Gaza; hence the need for a ceasefire.
Can the Prime Minister outline what he is doing to ensure that the ceasefire mandated by the UN Security Council becomes a reality?
First, it is important not to try to draw any equivalence between Israel’s absolute right—indeed, duty—to provide security for its citizens in the face of an appalling terrorist atrocity and what happened over the weekend.
Those things are not remotely the same.
More broadly, though, as I have said repeatedly from this Dispatch Box, we urge Israel to abide by international humanitarian law.
We have been very clear that too many civilians have been killed, and we are deeply concerned about the impact on the civilian population in Gaza; our diplomatic efforts are geared towards alleviating that suffering.
I will continue to raise those points with Prime Minister Netanyahu when I speak to him, but, as I have said, drawing an equivalence between those two things is absolutely not the right thing to do.
I call the Chair of the Defence Committee.
Notwithstanding the sheer scale of the Iranian attack, multi-layered air defence proved effective.
Are we ensuring that we are passing any learnings we have picked up on to Ukraine for the use of its own defence, and, in a more hostile and dangerous world, with the ever-increasing proliferation of missile and drone technology, are we reviewing our own air defence assets and capabilities to support our allies—and, indeed, closer to home—if ever required?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his excellent question.
He is right about the importance of air defence, which is why it has repeatedly been one of the key capabilities that we have sought to provide to Ukraine—that is something we have led on for some time.
Ditto, some of the new contracts that we have placed to replenish UK stockpiles, most recently this year, also cover air defence missiles.
More broadly, my right hon.
Friend is right that we need to ensure our industrial production here in the UK is geared to produce the capabilities we need, whether for our own use or for Ukraine’s.
I am pleased to say that the Defence Secretary is working with the industry to ensure that supply chain is there to meet those needs.
Mr Speaker, I send you and your family our deepest condolences on the loss of your father, and associate myself and my colleagues with the comments of others about the appalling murders in Sydney and the death of the aid workers in Gaza.
I thank the Prime Minister for his statement.
The Liberal Democrats join him in condemning Iran’s attack on Israel: this is an alarming escalation in a conflict that has already seen far too many deaths and far too much suffering.