All trans children and young people deserve access to high-quality and timely healthcare and support.
Around 100 studies have not been included in the Cass report, and we need to know why.
The Secretary of State is obviously not concerned about the way that the Cass report has been used to perpetuate a broader hostile environment towards trans people in the UK—a hostile environment created in part by the Government’s delay in reforming the Gender Recognition Act 2004.
Misrepresenting the report, and the high-and-mighty attitude from the Secretary of State, helps no one.
Will she commit to the extra funding needed to help young people have a holistic approach to their healthcare pathway?
All trans children and young people deserve access to high-quality and timely healthcare and support.
Around 100 studies have not been included in the Cass report, and we need to know why.[Official Report,  22 April 2024 ; Vol.
748, c. 663.] (
Correction)The Secretary of State is obviously not concerned about the way that the Cass report has been used to perpetuate a broader hostile environment towards trans people in the UK—a hostile environment created in part by the Government’s delay in reforming the Gender Recognition Act 2004.
Misrepresenting the report, and the high-and-mighty attitude from the Secretary of State, helps no one.
Will she commit to the extra funding needed to help young people have a holistic approach to their healthcare pathway?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
We want to not just help with crisis support, but prevent our young people from getting into a position of crisis in the first place, so we are rolling out mental health support teams, ahead of our schedule, across schools.
That is a really important piece of work that will help 44% of the student population, but we want to go even further.
In the 12-month period ending in  March 2021, we increased the number of children and young people aged under 18 who received NHS-funded mental health services to some 758,000.
Of course, we want that support to be there in the community, but importantly we also want to help clinicians to understand that this is just one of several sets of conditions that they should have confidence to work on, in order to look after the child holistically.
Before we begin today’s proceedings, I would like to thank right hon.
and hon.
Members in all parts of the House for their kind messages following the death of my father.
I gained so much from him: a love of cricket, of rugby league and of animals, but most of all, an abiding sense of the importance of public service.
He was a giant of the Labour and trade union movement and a great parliamentarian.
I know he will be greatly missed by his former colleagues in this House and in other places, but most of all by family and friends. [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”]
I now turn to the election of the Chair of the Public Administration and Constitutional Affairs Committee.
I wish to inform the House that I have received a letter from  the hon.
Member for Hazel Grove (Mr Wragg)  informing me of his resignation as Chair of that Committee.
I therefore declare the Chair vacant.
Nominations for the election of a successor are now open, and will close at 12 noon on  Tuesday 7 May .
Nomination forms are available from the Vote Office, the Table Office and the Public Bill Office.
Only Members of the Conservative party may be candidates in this election.
If there is more than one candidate, the ballot will take place on  Wednesday 8 May .
A briefing note with more information about the election will be made available from the Vote Office.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What recent progress his Department has made on reducing net migration.
I put on record my condolences for your loss, Mr Speaker.