Israelis and Palestinians alike deserve to live in peace, dignity and security, and so do people across the entire region.
In conclusion, Saturday’s attack was the act not of a people, but of a despotic regime, and it is emblematic of the dangers that we face today.
The links between such regimes are growing.
Tel Aviv was not the only target of Iranian drones on Saturday; Putin was also launching them at Kyiv and Kharkiv.
And who was the sole voice speaking up for Iran yesterday, seeking to justify its actions?
Russia.
The threats to stability are growing, not just in the middle east but everywhere, and we are meeting those threats, time after time, with British forces at the forefront.
It is why our pilots were in action this weekend.
It is why they have been policing the skies above Iraq and Syria for a decade.
It is why our sailors are defending freedom of navigation in the Red sea against the reckless attacks of the Iran-backed Houthi militia.
It is why our soldiers are on the ground in Kosovo, Estonia, Poland and elsewhere, and it is why we have led the way in backing Ukraine, and we will continue to back it for as long as it takes.
When adversaries such as Russia or Iran threaten peace and prosperity, we will always stand in their way, ready to defend our values and our interests, shoulder to shoulder with our friends and our allies.
I commend this statement to the House.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
I thank the Prime Minister for an advance copy of his statement, and for the regular briefings on the developing situation in the middle east.
I also thank him for his warm tribute to your father, Mr Speaker.
Doug Hoyle  was a great servant of our party, respected by all who knew him.
I also join the Prime Minister in offering our solidarity with the victims of the horrific attack in Sydney, and in recognising the heroism of the three British aid workers killed in Gaza while working for World Central Kitchen.
Turning to the events of this weekend, we support the defensive action taken by the UK, alongside our international allies, against the Iranian attacks on Israel, and we welcome the Prime Minister’s call for restraint.
Once again, we all salute the professionalism and bravery of our armed forces.
We also support the RAF planes being sent to the region to bolster Operation Shader.
Their efforts are vital for a safer world.
There can be no doubt that the attack perpetrated by Iranian forces this weekend has left the world a more dangerous place.
It targeted innocent civilians, with a clear intent to destabilise the region.
It must be wholly condemned by all, but let us also be clear that a full-scale conflict in the middle east is in no one’s interest.
It is a path that can only lead to more bloodshed, more instability and the unleashing of forces that are beyond the ability of anyone to control.
The combined defensive action this weekend was a success and, because of that, lives were saved.
As a result, escalation is not inevitable.
In repelling the attack, Israel showed strength and courage.
It must now show the same strength and courage to de-escalate.
That has to be the primary objective, and that is the responsibility of all sides and every partner.
We must be resolute and united in our support for the collective security of Israel, Jordan and other partners in the region.
But tensions remain very high.
We must proceed calmly, carefully and with restraint, because if diplomacy takes centre stage—and it must—we also need to be clear that diplomatic premises should not be targeted and attacked.