If we want to ensure that the hostages come home—like the hostage who has been adopted in Brent, Noa Argamani—we must argue for a ceasefire, not a pause.
Will the Prime Minister clearly state that we should be calling for an immediate ceasefire on all sides?
It is wrong to suggest in any way that we have lost sight of what is happening in Gaza.
Indeed, the G7 statement yesterday specifically referenced our desire to co-operate to end the crisis in Gaza, to work towards an immediate humanitarian pause where hostages can be released, to get aid in, to build the conditions for a sustainable ceasefire and, crucially, to deliver more humanitarian assistance into the region.
It is welcome that we have seen an increase in that flow over the past few days and weeks, but far more aid has to get in, and that is pressure that we will continue to put on all partners concerned.
My condolences, Mr Speaker.
Can I commend my right hon.
Friend’s statement?
It is clear, as has been said already, that all roads lead back to Tehran when it comes to the terrible violence and wars that take place in the middle east.
Every country—not just Israel, but other Arab countries—fear what Tehran is doing in their countries as well, which is something we forget.
We know that Iran is committing murder at home and has executed thousands of protesters while this war on Hamas has taken place.
With all of that known, when my right hon.
Friend sits down with our international colleagues and looks for other restrictions to place on Iran, will he please consider proscribing the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps and doing so in a way that makes sure it can no longer foment extremism here in the United Kingdom as well?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his question.
As I said in my statement, we are urgently working with our allies to see what steps we can take together in a co-ordinated fashion to deter and condemn what Iran is doing.
With regard to destabilising activity here in the UK, he will know that the Charity Commission recently opened an investigation into a particular organisation.
We will continue to use all the powers at our disposal to ensure that people are not fomenting hate and undermining British values here at home from abroad.
I have notified the office of  the hon.
Member for Rutland and Melton (Alicia Kearns) , who chairs the Foreign Affairs Committee, that I would reference her in my question.
It was recently revealed that she told a private fundraising event:
“The Foreign Office has received official legal advice that Israel has broken international humanitarian law, but the Government has not announced it.”
I have a simple question for the Prime Minister.
If he cannot answer it—if he dodges and deflects—our constituents will know that he is hiding the truth.
Was the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee telling the truth—yes or no?
I am happy to address that clearly.
We have one of the most robust arms export licensing control regimes in the entire world.
We have previously assessed that Israel is committed and capable of complying with international humanitarian law.
But, as the hon.
Member would expect, we regularly review our assessment.
As the Foreign Secretary confirmed last week, the UK position on export licences is unchanged and, following the latest assessment, is in line with our legal advice.
We will keep that position under review and act in accordance with advice.
I also point out to the hon.
Member that most like-minded countries have not suspended their existing arms export licences to Israel.
I, too, welcome the Prime Minister’s leadership in this area.