Friend consider increasing visibility at high-profile locations such as those that I have mentioned?
My right hon.
and learned Friend has raised a couple of points.
First, it is completely unacceptable to try to intimidate parliamentarians whatever their political hue, and I will stand shoulder to shoulder with them regardless of their political party in defending their right to do and say what they believe to be in the best interests of their countries and their communities without fear of intimidation.
That is an absolute red line, and it will be enforced.
Secondly, these petulant acts of vandalism in the name of protest are unacceptable.
When criminal damage occurs, it will be pursued, and in the Criminal Justice Bill we are taking specific actions to remove the veneer of a defence that criminal behaviour is somehow justified because people are not getting their way at the ballot box.
Too many residents in Nottingham South tell me that antisocial behaviour is making their lives a misery.
They never see a bobby walking the streets, and under the lawbreaking Tory police and crime commissioner, Nottinghamshire police has been placed in special measures, with His Majesty’s inspectorate of constabulary and fire and rescue services saying that the force is letting victims down.
My constituents tell me that they will be voting for Labour’s Gary Godden on  2 May , in order to  rebuild neighbourhood policing and adopt a zero-tolerance approach to antisocial behaviour.
They are right, are they not?
They would be very wrong if they voted Labour expecting that that would increase a policing presence.
Across the country we have seen over and over again that the best-performing police areas are typically controlled by Conservative police and crime commissioners.
I know the situation in Nottinghamshire very well, and I have spoken directly to its police and crime commissioner, who has a clear plan of action to ensure that she continues to put police officers on the frontline.
Labour-run police forces in the area have been sadly lacking in that regard.
Following an increase in antisocial behaviour in Tunstall, I was proud to work with more than 500 local residents to gain support for new CCTV, new alley gates and better street lighting through the safer streets fund.
However, when I met the Labour leader of Stoke-on-Trent City Council, she told me that there would be no money for Tunstall—and, to make matters worse, she has dumped some undesirables in the Sneyd Arms hotel in the town centre, which has led to further criminal activity that is blighting high street stores throughout our community.
Does the Home Secretary agree with me that, thank God, Ben Adams, Staffordshire’s police, fire and crime commissioner, was listening and ensured that we received that safer streets funding so that those in our communities would feel safer, and that people should vote for Ben on  2 May ?
I could hardly have put it better myself.
I recently visited the wonderful town of Stoke and saw the passion of its people.
This is a classic example of local leadership in the hands of the Labour party failing people, and local leadership in the hands of Conservatives defending them.
If he will make an assessment of the potential merits of introducing a visa scheme for Palestinian refugees.
We are all concerned about the plight of those living in Gaza.
Currently, we are not considering establishing a separate route for Palestinians.
In any humanitarian situation, the UK must consider its resettlement approach in the round, rather than on a crisis-by-crisis basis.
It is not surprising that the upper tribunal found the decision to require biometric data for people from Gaza to be “irrational and unreasonable”, because most of us find that to apply to most decisions made by the Home Office.