Friend in thanking those officers as well as countless thousands of others around the country who do such good work.
On ASB, in addition to the safer streets money that she mentioned, from the beginning of this month we have an extra £66 million of funding for antisocial behaviour hotspot patrolling.
Every single one of England and Wales’s police forces will get that, and that will make an enormous difference in combating the scourge of ASB.
Does the Minister agree that getting extra officers out in our communities should be top of the list for any police and crime commissioner?
Unfortunately, in Durham, we see that the Labour PCC is more interested in increasing her back-office staff and overseeing a decline in standards, with the latest police effectiveness, efficiency and legitimacy report showing two areas requiring improvement for the first time ever  in Durham.
Does he agree that the sooner we get an ex-beat cop in place, such as the Conservative candidate, Rob Potts, the sooner Durham will return to being an outstanding police force?
I completely agree.
Spending money on things such as flowerbeds and diversity staff instead of frontline police officers is the wrong priority.
Former frontline officers such as Rob Potts, running for PCC in Durham, will do a good job of getting priorities straight.
Kulsuma Akter from Oldham was murdered by her estranged husband on a busy Bradford street in the middle of the day, in front of their baby son.
Research has repeatedly shown that regular foot patrols—especially in crime hotspots—lead to reduced offending and increased public confidence, particularly if combined with community-based prevention.
Greater Manchester police and West Yorkshire police want to learn lessons from this tragic murder.
What lessons has the Home Secretary learned about reducing neighbourhood policing and the prevalence of such appalling crimes?
That is a tragic case, and we will study any findings by the Independent Office for Police Conduct very carefully.
The hon.
Lady mentioned hotspot patrolling; I mentioned in a previous answer that the Government are providing £66 million this financial year on top of the regular police funding settlement to fund hotspot patrolling, which may help in such situations.
To repeat a previous point, local policing numbers have gone up by about 6,500 since 2015.
Selectively quoting figures that are five years old does nothing to help public debate.
Halesowen police station is under threat of closure thanks to decisions taken by the Labour west midlands police and crime commissioner.
Tom Byrne, the Conservative candidate for PCC, says that he will stop that closure programme.
Does the Minister agree with me and Tom Byrne that keeping Halesowen police station open is critical for community confidence and for the effectiveness of neighbourhood policing?
I agree very strongly.
The Labour PCC’s police station closure plans in the west midlands are shocking.
This year, West Midlands police is getting an extra £50 million—a 6.8% increase and well above the rate of inflation.
Tom Byrne would do an excellent job of making sure that that maintains frontline services, which is exactly how that money should be spent.
Northumbria police force has lost 11,000 officers and £148 million from its budget since 2010.
Even after the uplift it will remain 427 officers short compared with 2010 levels.
Will the Minister support the call from Northumbria’s PCC Kim McGuinness for further investigation into police resources as, clearly, not all areas of the country have benefited equally from the uplift programme?
I am pleased to tell the House that for this financial year, which started just a couple of weeks ago, Northumbria force’s funding has gone up by £28 million —a 7.6% increase and more than double the rate of inflation.
The resources are there, but using those resources  wisely is a matter for police and crime commissioners.
Conservative police and crime commissioners tend to spend those resources most wisely.
What steps his Department is taking to help tackle violence against shop workers.