I welcome the closure of hotels, but I worry about reports in today’s Daily Mail that the Home Office is buying up large amounts of property in some of the poorer areas of England, which risks taking us back to the situation we saw in 2016.
Will the Minister reassure me that that is not the case, because my constituents are clear that that places an unacceptable strain on the community, and indeed an unhappy strain on community cohesion?
My right hon.
Friend is a strong supporter of the work the Government are doing to get a better grip on the flow of people coming across to our country, who inevitably need accommodating while they are here.
We have a mixture of accommodation to meet those needs, and getting the numbers down is critical to be able to reduce that dependence.
I am able to say, however, that we are not actively pursuing procurement in the three local authorities cited in the article that my right hon.
Friend references—and that includes Middlesbrough.
My sincere condolences, Mr Speaker.
The Government promised some considerable time ago that a hotel used in my constituency would no longer be used to house those seeking asylum.
That is not the case; it has almost become de facto permanent.
Could the Minister speak to me—not necessarily on the Floor of the House, but separately—and give me an assurance that there will be a managed closure of that facility?
What I cannot do on the Floor of the House is make commitments about specific hotels, but I would be very happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman to discuss this.
What he could do to help me with this particular challenge is to get behind the work that the Government are doing to reduce the flow of people coming to the UK, which fundamentally and crucially would help us to be able to close hotels such as the one in his constituency.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
We have increased the volume of asylum cases processed.
We successfully met a ministerial commitment to close over 50 asylum-seeker hotels by January 2024, and we had closed over 100 by the end of March.
Last year, I brought forward measures to make legal migration fairer and to radically reduce the numbers; 300,000 people who came to the UK last year would not now be eligible to do so.
Anyone who wants to bring a family from abroad must be able comfortably to support them financially.
In the Budget, the Government put forward £75 million to roll out violence reduction units and hotspot policing across England and Wales, and £230 million for technology that will save the police time and money and make sure that police officers are on the frontline doing the job that they were recruited to do.
May I add my condolences, Mr Speaker?
My right hon.
Friend will be aware that police numbers in Essex are at record levels and that overall crime is down.
However, there has been a rise in vehicle thefts.
Will he therefore welcome the efforts of our excellent police, fire and crime commissioner, Roger Hirst, in establishing a stolen vehicle intelligence unit that has so far recovered £14 million-worth of vehicles?
Will he look at what further support can be given to Roger Hirst to tackle this crime?
My right hon.
Friend is right to highlight the fantastic work of Roger Hirst and the stolen vehicle intelligence unit.
A number of large-scale seizures have been made against attempted vehicle exports.
The Government have reduced vehicle-related crime by 39% since 2010, and we seek to go further through the Criminal Justice Bill.
We want to see more innovative approaches like the one taken by Roger Hirst, which is why I am very proud to campaign alongside him.
He has done fantastic work to protect the people of Essex.
I call the shadow Home Secretary.