Friend implement the measures as quickly as possible to benefit retail workers across Stockton South and the rest of the country?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend, who has campaigned vigorously on this issue and met me on a number of occasions to go through the specifics of the proposals, working closely with the Secretary of State for Justice, my right hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for Cheltenham (Alex Chalk) , to ensure that both the policing response and the criminal response send a very clear deterrent to those who may be tempted to assault retail workers.
It is not acceptable and we will take action.
I call the shadow Minister.
In January, the Government voted down our latest attempt to introduce a stand-alone offence tackling violence against retail workers, continuing a pattern of years of failing to address this issue while such violence reached epidemic proportions.
Last week—surprise, surprise—they U-turned and an offence is now to follow.
When will the Government follow that up by stealing the other ideas they keep denying: a restoration of neighbourhood policing, which was down between 2015 and 2023—not the response officers they have been talking about, but proper neighbourhood policing; and getting rid of the £200 limit?
Members should recognise that just because a clause might have a similar sounding name, it does not mean it is the same.
The simple truth of the matter is that the Opposition clause was deficient in many ways.
The clause that we will put forward in the Criminal Justice Bill will address the issue.
On local policing, the hon.
Lady should recognise that there has been a 6,000 uplift.
What steps his Department is taking to help tackle antisocial behaviour.
Last year, we launched the antisocial behaviour action plan, backed by £160 million-worth of  funding and over 100,000 hours of police and other uniformed patrols undertaken to target antisocial behaviour hotspots, extended to every single police force in England and Wales.
We banned nitrous oxide, increased fines for fly-tipping, littering and graffiti, and are strengthening powers to tackle antisocial behaviour through the Criminal Justice Bill that is making its way through the House.
One of the aspects of antisocial behaviour that really annoys my constituents is persistent cannabis smoking by people in their own homes, particularly, but not exclusively, in blocks of flats.
When I raise the matter with the police, they tell me that they are not going to go into people’s homes and deal with it.
I do not think that that is good enough; does the Home Secretary?
The police should take action when there is credible reporting of criminal behaviour.
I have had this conversation with police leaders from areas around the country, and it is a conversation that we will continue to have with the police.
People need not only to be safe but to feel safe, in their communities and in their homes.
My condolences to you, Mr Speaker.
Protesters who recently created an obnoxious stunt outside the home of the Leader of the Opposition belong in jail, as do the trust fund vandals who caused tens of thousands of pounds’ worth of damage outside the Ministry of Defence last week.
The truth is that frontline politicians of any political hue, and our military personnel, are prepared to put themselves forward to serve and protect this country, which is, of course, a concept that the vandals would know nothing about.
When it comes to this type of antisocial behaviour, will my right hon.
Friend consider increasing visibility at high-profile locations such as those that I have mentioned?
My right hon.
and learned Friend has raised a couple of points.