Currently, we are not considering establishing a separate route for Palestinians.
In any humanitarian situation, the UK must consider its resettlement approach in the round, rather than on a crisis-by-crisis basis.
It is not surprising that the upper tribunal found the decision to require biometric data for people from Gaza to be “irrational and unreasonable”, because most of us find that to apply to most decisions made by the Home Office.
Is it not also irrational and unreasonable for the United Kingdom to offer humanitarian visas to people caught up in the conflicts in Ukraine, Syria and Afghanistan, but not to offer such visas to people fleeing the conflict in Gaza?
I will not give a running commentary on ongoing litigation, but I can say that we are supporting British nationals with dependants in Gaza to get those individuals out of Gaza safely, working in collaboration  with Foreign Office colleagues.
There are also marked differences at play here.
Of course, the right of return is fundamental as part of efforts towards a two-state solution, and other factors are at play in responding to the Ukrainian situation.
The dynamic is very different, which directly affects the relationship we have with the Ukrainian Government, particularly in respect of the ability to carry out checks on individuals.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
Gaza Families Reunited’s petition for a Palestinian family visa scheme has garnered 100,000 signatures, and I hope it will soon be debated in Parliament.
Gazans are stuck in a cruel and irrational Catch-22 situation: they cannot cross the border to Egypt because they do not have visas, as they cannot get their biometrics registered, but they cannot get their biometrics registered because they cannot get to a visa application centre in Egypt.
The Government have the power to waive the requirement for biometrics to be registered, and it is in the Minister’s hands to do so.
Why won’t he?
The hon.
Lady will appreciate that the security of the system is imperative.
We must act in accordance with the requirements, which we put front and centre.
I will not comment on ongoing litigation, but I can say that we will continue to work with Foreign Office colleagues in the way that we have described.
Elements of the peace process are at play in relation to these issues, but we will keep our response to this crisis under review as matters develop.
What progress he has made on reducing the number of asylum seekers accommodated in hotels.
What progress his Department has made on closing asylum hotels.
The Home Office has been clear that the use of hotels is a temporary and short-term measure to ensure that we meet our statutory obligation to accommodate destitute asylum seekers.
We have made significant progress in closing over 100 asylum hotels as of the end of March.
Our actions mean that there are over 20,000 fewer asylum seekers in hotels today compared with six months ago.
Does the Minister’s ambition extend to closing all the hotels?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right that the Government’s ambition is to close the hotels.
We closed 100 by the end of March, and we are working towards closing 150 by May.
Fundamentally, the objective is to alter the way in which people are accommodated and to introduce more cost-effective and appropriate approaches, but also to reduce the flow of people coming into this country illegally, which is the very best way of alleviating the pressures.
I welcome all the efforts that my hon.
Friend is making to deal with and speed up the asylum process.
However, will he outline what measures he considers when deciding which hotels to close in each tranche?
My right hon.
Friend will recognise that value for money is a critical consideration that informs hotel closure decisions, as are operational deliverability and the notice periods on contracts.