Friend is at the frontline of our fight against illegal migration, but legal migration is important.
We have recognised that, for a number of reasons, the figures have been too high in the most recent couple of years and I have listed measures we have taken.
The combined impact of that is that, by our estimations, under the new regime that I have put in place, 300,000 people who would previously have been eligible will no longer be eligible.
That is the order of magnitude of change that we will eventually see once these proposals are fully implemented.
The refusal to allow care workers from overseas to bring a spouse with them comes at the same time as, in Cumbria, we are finding it impossible to fill at least a fifth of all the social care jobs.
Would the Home Secretary explain to constituents of mine who are unable to find people to care for them and their loved ones why it seems sensible to make the lives of people from overseas so miserable in coming over here to care for our loved ones that they do not come at all?
I recognise that, in rural communities, recruitment and retention of staff is difficult and in the hon.
Member’s constituency—a wonderful, beautiful, but very rural constituency—there are particular pressures.
I can assure him that the global supply of potential care workers is very significant.
Actually, the issues about where in the country those people work are more about the internal dynamic within the UK economy than the quantum of people around the world who would seek to work in the UK.
There are plenty of people who would wish to work here, recognising that they are not allowed to bring their dependants with them, but the issue of where in the country those people work is actually a broader issue.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
The cruel Conservative hikes to the visa minimum income threshold have caused deep distress—deep, deep distress—to many.
Does the Home Secretary understand the pain that these changes have caused, and what message does he believe it sends out to those who would do us the honour of making their home in these islands that he puts such a high price on love and family life?
It is absolutely right that any nation in the world puts conditionality on the people it accepts within its own borders.
This country has a long-standing tradition—in fact, I am a product of this, as are the Prime Minister, the Business and Trade Secretary and many others in the Government—of being open and welcoming.
However, when we see the orders of magnitude of legal migration that we have seen over the last couple of years, it is incumbent on us to take action.
We have made it clear what action we will take, and we have given notice of the changes so that people can make their plans accordingly.
When there are special cases, there is a special cases exemption, so that we can both control immigration and do our moral duty to protect those people who seek our protection, and be an attractive place for people to come and work.
What recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of the level of funding allocated to the safer streets fund.
Since 2020, we have supported 413 projects through our safer streets fund and the safety of women at night fund, investing over £150 million, including £3.9 million that has been designated to Merseyside.
The objective of the fund is to improve public protection—particularly that of women, particularly at night—and independent evaluation shows that it is more than achieving its objective.
I do not think the Minister answered the question about the impact of the reduction.
Merseyside has now received a combined reduction of £180,000 to our safer streets fund in round 5.