The resources are there, but using those resources  wisely is a matter for police and crime commissioners.
Conservative police and crime commissioners tend to spend those resources most wisely.
What steps his Department is taking to help tackle violence against shop workers.
Violence and abuse towards shop workers is not and will never be acceptable.
Last October the police published a retail crime action plan, which the Government have embraced and enhanced.
Last week we launched the fighting retail crime action plan, which includes a commitment to create a new offence of assaulting a retail worker, as the sector has been calling for.
Last week I met a shopkeeper in Hounslow who has been repeatedly targeted by shoplifters.
The family who own the shop cannot afford security guards or to lose a large amount of stock, unlike the big chains.
It is welcome that the Government have finally backed Labour’s 10-year campaign, along with the Union of Shop, Distributive and Allied Workers and other campaigners, to introduce a stand-alone offence of assault against a shop worker, but will the Minister go further and scrap the unfair £200 minimum, which leaves offenders getting away with impunity?
Shoplifting is still a criminal offence, irrespective of the financial value of what is taken.
We have made a clear commitment to ensuring that shopkeepers are protected and that the retail environment is safe.
That is why we have put in place funding to put more police officers on the street and why, as my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Croydon South (Chris Philp)  just mentioned, neighbourhood policing numbers are up.
We have committed the police to pursuing all reasonable lines of inquiry, and I am proud that we have put in place a specific criminal offence of assault against a retail worker.
For our high streets to thrive, people need to perceive them as safe places to be, but there is real concern that the Mayor of London is failing to get the Met to take retail crime seriously enough.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that we need a new Mayor for London, Susan Hall, to ensure we have more effective policing on our high streets?
Quite frankly, the Mayor of London has been a massive disappointment when it comes to the policing of London.
The Met is the only police force in the country to see its police numbers reduce.
It has failed to meet its recruitment targets.
Quite frankly, Londoners deserve better.
As the chair of the all-party parliamentary group on retail crime, I welcome the announcements, as I am sure will shop workers everywhere.
When will the announcements  be operationalised, and what is the monitoring process, so that we can all judge whether they are not just words but action?
The hon.
Gentleman makes an important point.
We are putting the changes through as amendments to the Criminal Justice Bill.
The sooner it makes its passage through the House, the quicker we can put these specific changes in place, but we are not waiting for that.
We have had conversations with police forces to ensure there is visible policing on our high streets and that they respond to every reasonable line of inquiry, sending a signal to retailers and potential criminals that we take this issue incredibly seriously, and that the police will respond to this important type of crime.
I realise the Home Secretary may be sick of hearing from me about assaults on retail workers, but I welcome the huge and comprehensive package announced last week to support them.
Will my right hon.
Friend implement the measures as quickly as possible to benefit retail workers across Stockton South and the rest of the country?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend, who has campaigned vigorously on this issue and met me on a number of occasions to go through the specifics of the proposals, working closely with the Secretary of State for Justice, my right hon.