A briefing note with more information about the election will be made available from the Vote Office.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What recent progress his Department has made on reducing net migration.
I put on record my condolences for your loss, Mr Speaker.
The Government have implemented a number of measures to reduce net migration.
Those include restricting overseas students from bringing family dependants to the UK while they study, stopping overseas care workers from bringing family dependants, increasing the salary threshold for skilled worker visas—ultimately to £38,700—and increasing the minimum income requirements for family visas.
We recognise that levels of migration have been too high and, upon my appointment, I immediately took action to bring those figures down.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his answer, but one of the main drivers of immigration over the past 20 years or so has been labour shortages caused by falling birth rates.
According to projections by Philip Pilkington and Paul Morland, if birth rates do not increase, immigration will have to rise to over a third of the population over the next 50 years if we are going to maintain a sufficient working-age population.
Immigration on this scale has no democratic consent and obviously my right hon.
Friend has promised repeatedly to reduce net migration, so what discussions has he had with colleagues in the Treasury about this issue?
Does he agree that the Government must have a strategy to address falling birth rates, to ensure that we do not always have to rely on ever-increasing rates of immigration?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
Birth rates are driven by myriad social and economic factors, which I have to concede are beyond my control, but I have spoken with my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer about related issues and recognise that GDP per capita is an important metric, as is overall GDP.
We are ensuring that we invest in a British workforce: my right hon.
Friend the Education Secretary is passionate about apprenticeships and lifelong learning.
We want to be a high-skilled, high-income economy, rather than a low-skilled, mass-migration economy.
That remains the Government’s priority, and we are taking action through our immigration policy to reflect that desire.
Trhas Teklehaimanot Tesfay is one of the elite female cyclists chosen to lead RideLondon next month.
She is also an asylum seeker, living in a hotel in my constituency where the food is so bad it makes her sick and unable to compete.
Last month, an investigation by Sustain found food for asylum seekers that was undercooked, past its sell-by date and infested with insects, which in some cases left them malnourished and hospitalised.
Could the Secretary  of State investigate this scandal and the responsibility of the contractor Clearsprings, so that asylum seekers  such as Trhas are not subject to such dangerous and degrading conditions?
Mr Speaker, I can assure you, the hon.
Gentleman and the House that our contractors are expected to maintain standards and, where they fall below those standards, they will be held to account.
I will absolutely take note of the case that the hon.
Gentleman has raised.
I welcome the measures my right hon.
Friend has taken to tackle the levels of legal migration, but could he inform me what assessment he has made of the expected impact of the new immigration salary list and what impact that will have on the net migration figure?
My hon.
Friend is at the frontline of our fight against illegal migration, but legal migration is important.
We have recognised that, for a number of reasons, the figures have been too high in the most recent couple of years and I have listed measures we have taken.
The combined impact of that is that, by our estimations, under the new regime that I have put in place, 300,000 people who would previously have been eligible will no longer be eligible.