Friend  the Member for Basingstoke (Dame Maria Miller)  has garnered so much support for these measures across the House and in Government.
It is a pleasure to appear opposite, and respond to once again, the shadow Minister,  the hon.
Member for Cardiff North (Anna McMorrin) , who shadowed me in my role before she was moved to a different team.
It is also important to put on record our gratitude, as my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Basingstoke (Dame  Maria Miller)  did.
We are grateful to her, to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bridgwater and West Somerset (Mr Liddell-Grainger)  for his work, to Stephen Twigg and his staff, to Mr Speaker, and indeed to the Comptroller of His Majesty’s Household, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Castle Point (Rebecca Harris) , who with the Bill, as with many others, has done so much as the Whip to ensure that it has progressed smoothly and is—hopefully —within touching distance of becoming law.
I will pay my own tribute to the Comptroller of His Majesty’s Household later, when we come to my Bill.
On private Member’ Bills, this shows the House at its best.
I think these measures have been debated in a ten-minute rule Bill and a previous private Member’s Bill, and I infer from  the right hon.
Member for Basingstoke (Dame Maria Miller)  that this was a presentation Bill.
That shows the importance of the work of the House on a sitting Friday to push through to the other place such legislation, which is so important internationally to so many of our Commonwealth partners, as well as, obviously, the Red Cross.
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right.
I often say when I am talking to schools or more broadly in my constituency—I suspect he does so in his—that if our electorate want to see the House at its best, they should watch the Chamber on a sitting Friday when we are debating private Member’ Bills: there is often much cross-party co-operation and enlightening debate.
One goes away not only having hopefully moved things forward and achieved something, but having learned something.
Before I turn to the substance of the Bill, I have a couple of other points to make.
I turn briefly to the suggestion made by my right hon.
Friend the Member for Basingstoke and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cities of London and Westminster (Nickie Aiken)  about, I think, the Canadian Parliament—
New Zealand.
I am sorry; the New Zealand Parliament, which gave the power to the Speaker or the Chair that if a Minister had not been deemed by the Chair to have given a sufficiently accurate or appropriate answer to a question, they could have the question re-put to the Minister.
I gently say to my right hon.
Friend that while that is an interesting suggestion, it would be entirely redundant in this place, given how Ministers always answer directly the question posed to them as fully and helpfully as they can.
The other reason it is a genuine pleasure to be here is that the Bill has been brought forward by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Basingstoke.
The hon.
Member for Ogmore (Chris Elmore)  highlighted that she had been forcefully pushing this issue to a conclusion.
I must say that, having had the pleasure of working with her on various amendments to legislation in the past, I have always found it wise to agree with her.
I am therefore pleased to confirm the Government’s support for the Bill.
It is wise to agree with her, not least because generally she is right in the points she is making, as I know from experience.
So it is a genuine pleasure to speak on her Bill on this occasion.
I recognise in doing  so her work as chair of the CPA as well as her work with the Westminster Foundation for Democracy and the huge value that that adds.