That was my first trip for the CPA, and what a fascinating one it was.
I pay tribute to the CPA officer, Martin Vickery, who was outstanding on the trip, and I know that the Clerk at the Table, who was also there, will always remember it.
It was my first experience of the CPA in action.
Grenada had had the same Government and Prime Minister for 22 of the previous 27 years, but Dickon Mitchell defeated the incumbent, Keith Mitchell, who was seeking his sixth term, in the 2022 elections.
I wonder whether a Prime Minister had ever before succeeded another with the same surname.
The incumbent New National party had had all 15 seats in the Grenadian Parliament, but after the 2022 election, it was suddenly in opposition, as Dickon Mitchell’s National Democratic Congress took nine of the available seats.
The election brought about certain new challenges for the Parliament of Grenada, for the National Democratic Congress, which had no experience in government, and for the New National party, which had not been in opposition for decades.
That goes back to the point made by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stoke-on-Trent South (Jack Brereton)  about having new and young parliamentarians.
None of the MPs elected for the National Democratic Congress had ever been elected or even been in politics before —the Prime Minister, Dickon Mitchell, had been a solicitor—so it was fascinating for the CPA UK to be invited over to undertake a series of workshops on how to be scrutinised, and, equally importantly, on how to scrutinise.
I was joined on the trip by  the hon.
Member for Bristol East (Kerry McCarthy) , and by my hon.
Friend  the Member for East Kilbride, Strathaven and Lesmahagow  (Dr Cameron) , who was then a member of the Scottish National party at the time but has since defected to the Conservative party—although I would not take any credit for persuading her on the trip that she was a Conservative.
In Grenada, I also worked very closely with Leo Cato, the Speaker of the House of Representatives of Grenada, and with Dessima Williams, the President of the Senate of Grenada.
Dessima Williams is a former communist who was very much part of the revolution in Grenada in the early ’80s.
We—two women politicians from completely different sides of the political divide—bonded so incredibly well, and that underlines how important it is that the Bill secures the CPA’s status.
Ms Williams said to me as I left, “Only the CPA could bring a communist and a conservative together.”
I think that is a clear example of how parliamentarians, no matter their political persuasions, can put their political parties aside and work together for the greater good.
That is the extraordinary power that the CPA provides.
During my trip, I also met women’s rights campaigners, people working to improve disability rights and services and, very importantly, the Youth Parliament and climate change campaigners.
This goes back to what my hon.
Friend the Member for Stoke-on-Trent South said earlier.
We met the Youth Parliament, and they were outstanding young people who want to make a difference for their country.
As a women’s rights campaigner, I found it fascinating to talk to other campaigners who are working very hard to tackle violence against women and girls.
Our trip coincided with International Women’s Day, and I was privileged to be invited to make a speech at the Prime Minister’s event to over 100 Grenadian schoolgirls—although, I did not expect it to be aired live on Grenadian TV, which was an experience.
I was then delighted to welcome Speaker Cato and the President of the Senate, Dr Williams, to my constituency only a few weeks ago during the 75th anniversary of the Commonwealth of Nations celebrations, which were presided over by Mr Speaker.