I absolutely agree with the hon.
Member.
It is very important that any candidate who is seeking to become a parliamentarian and is successful, whenever a general election may be, does get involved in the CPA once they arrive here.
It is an enlightening experience and it helps us as parliamentarians to be learning from others, not just in the United Kingdom, but across the globe.
It does feel as though my hon.
Friend and I have been here for a lifetime, but when we entered as new parliamentarians, one of the fears over engaging with the likes of the CPA was the public’s reflection on the travel and so on.
It is vital that we highlight in this Chamber how important it is for parliamentarians to be able to witness how Parliaments work in other parts of the world.
Does she agree that it is important that, through these debates, we continue to highlight the importance of the CPA, so that Members do not avoid engaging with the likes of the CPA through fear?
I completely agree.
Although this is the mother of all Parliaments—it has been here for a thousand years or more—we really should be able to learn from others.
I thank my hon.
Friend for giving way.
My other hon.
Friend,  the Member for Hyndburn (Sara Britcliffe) , is right to point out the need for us to explain the benefit of the CPA, because much of our day-to-day work as Members is connected to the grassroots of what we do in our constituencies, but the role of a parliamentarian is so much greater than that.
I will give an example.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Cities of London and Westminster (Nickie Aiken)  was talking about her meetings with the Malaysian Parliament earlier this week.
I had the great pleasure of meeting the hon.
Rodiyah binti Sapiee, who is a Member of the Malaysian Parliament and is a new regional representative for the Commonwealth Women Parliamentarians network.
We  have not touched upon that organisation much in this debate so far, but it is there to support elected Members, very much in the way that my hon.
Friend the Member for Hyndburn spoke about—supporting new Members to do their jobs as well as they can, and hopefully retaining them work in Parliament for longer.
The Malaysian Parliament has 28 female Members, just 13.5% of their parliamentarians, and we discussed ways to increase the number of women parliamentarians.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that we can learn from each other about these questions in our Parliaments throughout the Commonwealth because we have such similar set-ups?
Order.
I am being very generous in allowing the scope to be broadened somewhat.
I now look forward to hearing more from Nickie Aiken.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I agree with my right hon.
Friend about women supporting women.
We do a great job of supporting women in this Parliament and I am delighted to be part of her cross-party women in parliament group.
We have to have strength in numbers and we have to encourage more women to stand, whether in CPA countries or our own, because we have to hear women’s voices in politics.
Does my hon.
Friend agree this is not just about encouraging women but—I consider myself to be a relatively young person—it is also about including more young people into parliamentary democracies across the Commonwealth?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his point, and I believe the CPA can be a force for good in sharing good practice for encouraging people from all walks of life to enter politics.
I am about to go on to talk about my experience with the CPA in Grenada, where there were many young people who had been elected for the first time.
It strengthens all democracies if they represent the people they are there to serve.