It is important that they are agreed well in advance of being laid before Parliament, so that everybody can be sighted on what they mean in practice.
As ever, my right hon.
Friend is right.
Therefore, subject to the passage of this legislation and prior to those regulations being introduced, until they come into force, they do not come into force.
We will work closely with those organisations so that when those regulations are laid and approved, hopefully there will be no surprises in them because they will have worked collaboratively with us to draw them up.
The arrangements will detail the day-to-day management of the privileges and immunities granted to both organisations on a functional need basis, and other facilities.
Furthermore, administration of the arrangements will be resourced from the existing resources responsible for managing privileges and immunities with international organisations in the UK.
The Bill strengthens our commitment to the work of the Commonwealth and our support of democratic legislators through our work with the CPA.
It will also support the FCDO’s global humanitarian objectives, ensuring that the UK remains at the heart of an unrivalled global network for economic, diplomatic and security partnerships through our work with the ICRC.
Hon.
Members raised a couple of points, which I will turn to before concluding.
I was grateful to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cities of London and Westminster (Nickie Aiken)  for a wide ranging, informative and typically well-informed contribution.
Craving your indulgence, Madam Deputy Speaker, may I take just a minute, as I am conscious that my hon.
Friend has announced that she will not seek re-election at the next general election, and who knows whether I will get another opportunity at the Dispatch Box?
Let me put on record my gratitude to her for everything she has done.
She and I served together as fellow ward councillors on Westminster City Council before I was elected to this place and she was subsequently elected.
She is a fierce champion for what she believes to be right for her constituents and her community, and she has demonstrated that as a councillor and leader of the council and now as a Member of Parliament.
She will be hugely missed by her constituents and by this House.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Hyndburn (Sara Britcliffe)  asked what support His Majesty’s Government will give, beyond this legislation, to both the organisations  that we are debating.
His Majesty’s Government give the ICRC £48 million of core funding annually, and up to £100 million in bilateral donations.
We have a long-standing and robust relationship with the ICRC and a track record of supporting it.
My understanding is that we fund CPA International to the tune of £196,000, and we give CPA UK £235,000.
We support them through not only this legislation and what we say in this House but tangible financial support.
In an ever more challenging global context, His Majesty’s Government and my right hon.
Friend the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Secretary remain committed to working with and supporting the work of the CPA and the ICRC.
This Bill gives both organisations the status in legislation that they need and deserve to continue their international operations without impediment; it reflects our commitment.
I once again congratulate my right hon.
Friend the Member for Basingstoke.
The Government continue to support the Bill, and I commend it to the House.
With the leave of the House, I call Dame Maria Miller to wind up the debate.
I thank the Minister for his comments.
I am grateful to everybody who took part in the debate, including my hon.
Friends the Members for Hyndburn (Sara Britcliffe), for Cities of London and Westminster (Nickie Aiken) and for Stoke-on-Trent South (Jack Brereton),  the hon.
Member for Ogmore (Chris Elmore) —I give him a special call-out, as he is the treasurer of the CPA—and  the hon.
Member for Cardiff North (Anna McMorrin) .