I again congratulate my right hon.
Friend and thank her for bringing forward the Bill.
I wish it well on its continued passage through the other place.
I am delighted to see you in the Chair, Mr Speaker—long may you reign.
It is a privilege to speak in favour of the Bill introduced by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Basingstoke (Dame Maria Miller) .
I pay huge tribute to her, as she has been the flag-bearer for the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association for the whole time I have been in this House—four and a half years.
One of the first conversations we ever had was about how important it is, particularly for a new Member of Parliament, to be part of the CPA.
I took her at her word, and I have been delighted to be involved in that brilliant association.
Can we also pay tribute to my right hon.
Friend the Member for Basingstoke for the work she did with new parliamentarians when we came into the House?
She specifically promoted women in this Parliament in order to reach 50:50 status.
This is about not just the work she has done for the CPA, but what she has done for women in this place.
Absolutely.
I will not spare my right hon.
Friend’s blushes: she is not only a brilliant parliamentarian, but she supports newer Members of Parliament, and I have been the beneficiary of her advice.
I have been the supporter of the incredible work of the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association for many years, and this Bill will cement in law the difference it has made across our beloved Commonwealth over the past 76 years.
I also welcome the Bill as it recognises the work the ICRC does to support regions in crisis.
From Australia to Anguilla, from Botswana to the British Virgin Islands, the CPA is crucial in keeping all parliamentarians connected across the globe, sharing good practice, helping us to learn from each other and fostering friendly, positive and long-lasting friendships across the 180 Parliaments and legislatures that make up the Commonwealth family.
As my hon.
Friend was making her remarks about how we learn from other Parliaments, I recalled sitting in the New Zealand Parliament for questions one morning, where the Speaker took an interesting role.
If the Speaker was not satisfied with an answer the Minister gave, he asked for the question to be answered again.
Does she think we should considering doing that here as well?
I can always do that if you want! [
Laughter.]
My right hon.
Friend makes a good point, and I am sure those on the Front Bench would be delighted to comment on it in their speeches.
The ICRC is an essential partner for achieving the three core objectives of the UK’s humanitarian framework, which are:
“Prioritise humanitarian assistance to people in greatest need and provide them with what they need the most to recover from crises; Protect the people most at risk, including from conflict-related sexual violence and barriers to humanitarian assistance; Prevent and anticipate future shocks and build resilience in long-running crises by tackling the underlying drivers of crises, instability, and extreme food insecurity”.
Nobody could ever argue with any of that.
The ICRC is much respected, not only in this country, but abroad.
It carries with it an unparalleled ability to engage with all parties engaged in a conflict and it supports innocent civilians caught up in the crossfire.
The amendments tabled by my right hon.
Friend in Committee are crucial to the successful operation of the ICRC.
Amendments 1 and 2 are designed to protect information that the ICRC provides in confidence to the Government from being used in UK civil court proceedings.
ICRC information being used in legal proceedings is a real risk and concern.