Current laws cannot apply as neither is an intergovernmental organisation, so a new enabling power is necessary.
The CPA does vital work in promoting parliamentary democracy throughout the Commonwealth, but its current set up as a UK charity is a cause for concern among some members and is somewhat restrictive.
The Bill seeks to address that.
The Commonwealth is a unique club of nations united by our shared historical and economic ties, alongside a shared belief in the value of democracy and the rule of law.
In an increasingly hostile world where the rule of ruthless autocrats is on the rise and democratic rights are under threat, advancing those basic values and supporting the flourishing of parliamentary democracy throughout the Commonwealth remains as important now as it was when the CPA was first founded in 1911.
That is why the Bill is so important to ensure the CPA remains relevant and best placed to promote parliamentary democracy throughout the Commonwealth.
That will allow the CPA to participate more fully internationally than it does today, removing some of the restrictions on it.
More than 60 countries and jurisdictions participate in the CPA, as well as more than 180 legislators.
It helps to increase the participation of under-represented groups in Commonwealth Parliaments, including women, disabled people and young people.
The organisation also does vital work to help develop shared learning throughout Parliamentary democracies across the Commonwealth, facilitating knowledge-sharing and helping to strengthen our democratic systems.
The second organisation that the Bill focuses on, the International Committee of the Red Cross, does hugely important humanitarian work to protect victims of conflict and violence around the world.
This week, the Prime Minister announced the Government’s commitment to increase spending on defence to 2.5%, which is incredibly welcome, particularly as it will be funded through much-needed efficiency savings in Whitehall rather than tax rises.
It reflects the increasing threats we face from our adversaries globally in an increasingly insecure world.
The work of the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement is more important than ever.
Conflicts have ignited around the world, whether following Putin’s illegal invasion of Ukraine, or the horrific turmoil in the middle east, in Gaza and Israel.
In addition to Ukraine, Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories, the ICRC has key operations in Afghanistan, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ethiopia, the Sahel, Sudan, Syria and Yemen.
In all such conflicts, innocent civilians are caught up in the violence and harmed by the results of war, and that is why the Bill is so essential.
Alongside the CPA, the Bill also seeks to recognise the ICRC properly as an international organisation.
Under international law—through the Geneva convention—the ICRC already has a specific and unique humanitarian mandate to act in times of international conflict, and it has been given wider recognition internationally through the rights of a humanitarian initiative.
More than 110 states around the world have already recognised the ICRC and given it equivalent status to an international organisation, so it is only right that the UK follows suit.
That is particularly important as it would allow the ICRC to operate in the UK while preserving its core principles of neutrality and independence.
A number of amendments agreed in Committee further improve the quality of the Bill, particularly those on the importance of the confidentiality of the information that the ICRC provides to the Government and during legal proceedings.
As my right hon.
Friend the Member for Basingstoke said, confidentiality is critical and remains a fundamental principle of the ICRC.
Those changes are eminently sensible, given the sensitivities of the information that will often be dealt with in such circumstances.
That is particularly important in protecting victims during conflicts and bringing justice through criminal prosecutions to those who commit such crimes.
I again congratulate my right hon.
Friend and thank her for bringing forward the Bill.
I wish it well on its continued passage through the other place.