Friend for his point, and I believe the CPA can be a force for good in sharing good practice for encouraging people from all walks of life to enter politics.
I am about to go on to talk about my experience with the CPA in Grenada, where there were many young people who had been elected for the first time.
It strengthens all democracies if they represent the people they are there to serve.
As I am the youngest on our Benches —I am not 30 yet, thankfully—may I ask my hon.
Friend to explain how Grenada managed to get young people into its Parliament and also how they can feel they can stay in the job?
One of the problems young people, and all Members of Parliament, face is the rise in abuse on social media, which can strongly put people off entering this place.
People enter this place to do good things for their constituents, and that is not always reflected through our media and social media.
How are other Parliaments across the Commonwealth tackling that?
Order.
This debate is about the movement and transfer of the CPA.
I have got to be a little bit careful because other people may want to stretch the scope of other Bills when we do not want them stretched.
This is an important subject and the House is very supportive, but we must ensure that we stick within the terms of the Bill.
I just reiterate that I support the points my hon.
Friend has just made, because it is important that we make sure that the CPA is a force for good.
In the Cities of London and Westminster, the Commonwealth is right at home.
We are fortunate to host the international headquarters of the Commonwealth secretariat and the Commonwealth Foundation in  Marlborough House, and of course the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association for the United Kingdom operates from here in the mother of all Parliaments.
My hon.
Friend is right to bring up the importance of the international secretariat being here right in the heart of Westminster, and that has enabled us to work with it as CPA UK and as the UK Parliament.
Around International Women’s Day, for example, we worked with it to deal with online abuse, which has just been raised.
We set up—as we can now with the advent of the widespread use of Teams and other facilities for online meetings—online training for women parliamentarians across the Commonwealth.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that that is just one example of how we can work as a team with the CPA, and how having it so close to us here in Parliament helps us effectively support its work in this way?
I absolutely agree.
That goes to the heart of the Bill—the status of the CPA and whether we can consolidate it.
We are just across the road from the Foreign Office, and this is about working together for the soft power element that the Government are focused on.
The Commonwealth Parliamentary Association works, as many here will know, to promote parliamentary democracy and good governance.
It is completely non-partisan.
I have thoroughly enjoyed meeting and getting to know parliamentarians from a wide range of countries and political parties.
Back in March last year, I was fortunate enough to be invited to be a member of the CPA UK delegation to the stunning island of Grenada in the Caribbean, where I was honoured to meet Prime Minister Dickon Mitchell.
That was my first trip for the CPA, and what a fascinating one it was.
I pay tribute to the CPA officer, Martin Vickery, who was outstanding on the trip, and I know that the Clerk at the Table, who was also there, will always remember it.
It was my first experience of the CPA in action.