Friend in Committee are crucial to the successful operation of the ICRC.
Amendments 1 and 2 are designed to protect information that the ICRC provides in confidence to the Government from being used in UK civil court proceedings.
ICRC information being used in legal proceedings is a real risk and concern.
I was surprised to learn that in the past 15 years the ICRC’s confidentiality has been challenged some 20 times in the UK, be it in respect of disclosing information regarding its work with British forces abroad or of its dialogue with a variety of actors on the global stage.
Today, I will be focusing my comments on the CPA, as I have been fortunate to work closely with it during my time in this place.
Before my hon.
Friend leaves the subject of the ICRC, let me take the opportunity again to highlight the importance of the amendments introduced in Committee.
She reiterated the number of times the ICRC has been threatened with having to divulge very confidential information.
Does she, like me, hope that that is taken into consideration when the Bill goes to the other place?
Obviously, providing that confidentiality and the need not to divulge such information except in criminal cases is an important step.
Does she agree that we need to make sure those provisions are in place for civil cases as soon as possible?
I hope that no debate in the Lords will delay their coming into effect.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for her intervention; she makes a serious point.
If organisations such as the International Committee of the Red Cross are to succeed in their objectives, they have to be trusted in the regions and countries they serve.
They have to deal with people who we may not wish to deal with ourselves to bring an end to conflicts, or even to safeguard civilians’ lives and prevent sexual violence in conflict.
I hope the other place, which tends to be clear when scrutinising Bills, will see her point and will accept those amendments and not change the Bill.
As I said, I would like to move on and concentrate my remarks on the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association because of the work that I have been delighted to undertake with that brilliant organisation.
As a one-term MP—I can confirm that I will be a one-term MP, because I am standing down at the next election—and as the MP for Cities of London and Westminster at this  point, I have been proud to support the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association.
In fact, only this week I was honoured to speak to a delegation from the Malaysian Parliament, including His Excellency Johari Abdul, Speaker of the House of Representatives, as well as members of the House of Representatives’ special Select Committees and several parliamentary officials.
It was fascinating as usual to learn how similar our parliamentary procedures are, such as timetabling, where our model very much mirrors theirs.
That is barring the Malaysian Parliament’s provision in the procedures—you may be interested to learn this, Mr Speaker—for the Head of State to make a statement every morning.
It could be interesting to introduce that practice here in the Commons.
I am not sure whether His Majesty would like to come every day to make a speech.
I personally—
Order.
Also, His Majesty is not allowed into the House of Commons.
I had forgotten that small point.
Maybe we should just move on.
The Malaysian version of the Procedure Committee— I am proud to sit on the UK’s Procedure Committee—is called the standing orders committee.
I was asked to speak to the Malaysian delegation about the procedures of the House of Commons—how business is tabled, the Standing Orders and my experience on the Procedure Committee.
What a week to be discussing the procedures of Parliament.