As a women’s rights campaigner, I found it fascinating to talk to other campaigners who are working very hard to tackle violence against women and girls.
Our trip coincided with International Women’s Day, and I was privileged to be invited to make a speech at the Prime Minister’s event to over 100 Grenadian schoolgirls—although, I did not expect it to be aired live on Grenadian TV, which was an experience.
I was then delighted to welcome Speaker Cato and the President of the Senate, Dr Williams, to my constituency only a few weeks ago during the 75th anniversary of the Commonwealth of Nations celebrations, which were presided over by Mr Speaker.
My brilliant constituency team thoroughly enjoyed discussing with them the day-to-day work of an MP’s office, and heard how this differed from their experiences in some way but also mirrored them in others.
We were also joined by Chantelle de Jonge, a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta, in Canada.
That is a clear example of how the CPA brings parliamentarians from across different countries together.
My hon.
Friend is talking eloquently and with a great deal of passion about her visit to Grenada.
Her visit was just one of a number of different delegations that the CPA UK sends out, thanks to the financial support of this place and the other place, to ensure that Members of Parliament can carry out the work and relationship development she mentions.
Does she agree that it is very important that Parliament continues to reiterate its support for CPA UK, given the good store that Members of Parliament set by it?
They feel very strongly about the work of the CPA; it is a real priority for parliamentarians.
The CPA must therefore continue to be a financial priority for Parliament.
I completely agree, which is why I am fully supportive of the objectives of the Bill.
I also agreed with  the hon.
Member for Bath (Wera Hobhouse)  when she said in Committee that
“this Bill creates equal partners in the Commonwealth, rather than the more outdated model where the UK takes the leadership”.––[Official Report, Commonwealth Parliamentary Association and International Committee of the Red Cross (Status) Public Bill Committee,  6 March 2024 ; c. 6.]
The Bill provides the necessary delegated legislation-making powers for the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association and the International Committee of the Red Cross to be treated in a manner comparable to an international organisation of which the UK is a member.
Due to the powers under the International Development Act 2002 and the International Organisations Act 1968, which is even older than I am, the Government have not been able to treat the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association or the International Committee of the Red Cross as international organisations to which they are party, because neither organisation is an intergovernmental organisation.
Instead, both have their own unique constitutional arrangements, reflecting their specific international priorities.
Therefore, it is absolutely necessary to establish special powers to enable the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association and the International Committee of the Red Cross to operate in the United Kingdom.
It is welcome that the Bill is supported by parties from across the House.
It will provide the International Committee of the Red Cross with more protections for its work.
The Bill will ensure that the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association can continue to strengthen democracy and encourage cross-party work.
I look forward to supporting the Bill through its stages and once again congratulate my right hon.
Friend the Member for Basingstoke on her outstanding work to get us where we are today.
I call the shadow Minister.
I pay tribute to  the right hon.
Member for Basingstoke (Dame Maria Miller) , whose dedication and commitment to this matter has been a labour of love over the past two years, and the reason we are all here today.
I also pay tribute to my hon.