The high streets taskforce has been an important and productive initiative for local councils of all colours, and I hope that its legacy, findings and best practice will live on through the Bill.
It is work that deserves to be celebrated and continued, and we should all be grateful for the wealth of knowledge that the taskforce has contributed.
The Bill is necessary to institutionalise that legacy further, developing it across local government and local communities.
Having an improvement plan will help provide the basis for helping secure future funding, providing a more cohesive plan to help justify investment decisions, and will mean that certain schemes can be on the books whenever the funding is available.
It also means that other projects that crop up can be knitted into the fabric to align better with the longer-term strategic vision and priorities for an area.
Without a clear vision of what a preserved and enhanced high street area would look like, I suggest that the spending would not be as optimal as it could, or should, be and the funding may not even be won at all.
Much of the focus for Government investment would be better informed and would deliver better value for money through high street improvement plans.
Indeed, local authorities and place partnerships will be able to engage with national bodies to push for certain optimal schemes or the refinement of them to help deliver greater benefits for our high streets within the spending envelope.
That could mean infrastructure projects, such as with organisations like Network Rail and National Highways, environmental enhancements from organisations like the Environment Agency, or major housing delivery on some of our brownfields through organisations like Homes England.
It is important that we improve the linkage of national organisations to better understand  the needs of our local communities and high streets.
Improvement plans can help do that through better co-ordination and clarity of direction.
High street improvement plans may also be important for Historic England in identifying areas in need of a partnership scheme in conservation areas, known as PSICA.
The reviews of high streets will, in some cases, draw on conservation area appraisals as well.
In some of those cases, that will expose the absence of appraisals and will help fill the gap, particularly where condition of those areas is poor.
It has been exciting to work with Historic England in Longton to help save buildings on Market Street, and the heritage action zone funding we have secured has helped deliver on some of those buildings.
However, it has not delivered on all those buildings, and we actually have a number of buildings that are still in a poor state.
We have amassed knowledge and data about the ownership and condition of some of those buildings, and we need to move on to the next stage.
I hope we will secure some additional funding for Longton through the heritage lottery fund to help improve and continue some of the good work already started through the PSICA scheme.
There is much more work to do, especially in ensuring that the traffic flow and public realm are optimised for footfall and dwell time in Longton town centre.
I hope the use of some of the levelling-up partnership funding for the town centre will help.
Also, some of the other plans that we have been developing, particularly around things like crime and antisocial behaviour, are important for many of our high streets and town centres.
Longton has recently seen a spate of absolutely mindless crime and antisocial behaviour targeting a number of retailers.
In the next few weeks, I will be meeting a number of them alongside Staffordshire police to discuss some of the issues.
I have been absolutely delighted to help secure more funding to address some of those issues.