It is wise to agree with her, not least because generally she is right in the points she is making, as I know from experience.
So it is a genuine pleasure to speak on her Bill on this occasion.
I recognise in doing  so her work as chair of the CPA as well as her work with the Westminster Foundation for Democracy and the huge value that that adds.
This is a hugely important Bill, reflecting on two important organisations.
In what can appear to be a fractured and increasingly dangerous world, it is important that we remember and reinforce the role of democracy as a bulwark against authoritarianism and totalitarianism, and indeed the conflicts that can often flow from those.
In respect of the CPA, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stoke-on-Trent South (Jack Brereton)  set out clearly the importance of its work to promote parliamentary democracy and good government through a range of activities and in a range of forums.
It is open and wide-ranging in its promotion of democracy within the Commonwealth context.
It is non-partisan and non-prescriptive.
It does a huge amount of work to capture the best of parliamentary democracy across the Commonwealth, propagate it and reinforce it.
It is also important, as the shadow Minister did, to recognise the importance of the Commonwealth in that context.
She rightly highlighted its 75th anniversary.
It is an institution of enduring success and enduring value.
We can genuinely characterise it as the Commonwealth family of nations, because we do view all the other members of the Commonwealth as family, as I hope they would view us.
The ICRC was founded 160 years ago.
It is
“an impartial, neutral and independent organisation whose exclusively humanitarian mission is to protect the lives and dignity of victims of armed conflict and other situations of violence and to provide them with assistance.”
That is from the ICRC mandate.
Its unique international humanitarian mandate and mission have been formally recognised, as the shadow Minister, the hon.
Member for Cardiff North highlighted, by states in the Geneva conventions and their additional protocols.
This organisation has unique legitimacy to engage all parties to conflicts and has unparalleled access to vulnerable groups in conflict situations.
It is frequently the only agency operating at scale in many conflicts.
As we look around the world at the conflicts raging, its work has never been more important.
It is a pleasure to confirm the Government’s full support for the Bill and to thank those Members who have contributed today.
As set out by my right hon.
Friend the Member for Basingstoke, the Bill will enable the Government to treat the CPA and ICRC in a manner genuinely comparable to that of an international organisation of which the UK or His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom are a member.
The UK has, as I have highlighted, a huge and long-standing partnership with the CPA, and we recognise the work it does.
The UK also views the ICRC as an essential partner for achieving our global humanitarian objectives, with the organisation having unique legitimacy to engage all parties to conflicts and unparalleled access.
It also operates in some of the most challenging situations that anyone could face.
Its specialised role in engaging with all arms bearers, including the growing number of non-state armed groups, is coupled with its direct delivery of a comprehensive range of integrated humanitarian assistance and protection programmes.
Treatment as an international organisation will allow both the CPA and the ICRC to deliver their objectives while operating in the UK.
In the case of the CPA, it will facilitate the organisation to operate fully across the Commonwealth and international fora, including in areas where it is currently restricted by its charitable status.
While it is not possible under the International Organisations Act 1968, as was highlighted by my hon.