Longton has recently seen a spate of absolutely mindless crime and antisocial behaviour targeting a number of retailers.
In the next few weeks, I will be meeting a number of them alongside Staffordshire police to discuss some of the issues.
I have been absolutely delighted to help secure more funding to address some of those issues.
Working with our fantastic police, fire and crime commissioner, Ben Adams, we managed to secure extra Safer Streets funding for Longton, and for other parts of Staffordshire and Stoke-on-Trent, to help deliver the improvements and create the secure high streets we need to see.
In our case, they include additional CCTV throughout the town centre and gating off some of the alleyways that have attracted crime and antisocial behaviour.
Those measures will help to ensure that people feel safe to visit, and encourage more people to dwell and shop on our high streets.
Only a comprehensive improvement plan can pull together the many factors and aspects that need proper co-ordination for a compelling high street experience.
All that can be addressed in the guidance from the Secretary of State.
I hope there will be a role for the Office for Place, now based in Stoke-on-Trent, in optimising the guidance.
And it will be guidance, not prescription.
I stress here that the Bill does not remove the power of article 4 direction that local authorities already enjoy to remove permitted development rights, if they see fit.
That is a decision for them, and it will no doubt be part of the designation process to consider any PDR issues around a high street.
In many areas, permitted development rights will actually be key to the enterprising spirit needed to revive high streets.
Forward-thinking councils know full well that they cannot succeed in their regeneration ambitions if they allow themselves to have a reputation among developers of “council says no.”
The improvement plan process will ensure that authorities are comfortable as enablers of preservation and enhancements.
We are blessed in Staffordshire, like in many parts of the country and particularly in north Staffordshire, to have many iconic high streets, whether in the more rural market towns of Stone and Cheadle, or in the pottery towns of Fenton and Longton that make up parts of the city of Stoke-on-Trent.
But nearly all of them across the country have faced multiple challenges from online, out of town, and, of course, covid-19.
To conclude, we must act to address that decline, building on the work already being done by the Government through measures such as those set out in the Levelling-up and Regeneration Act 2023, and ensuring the powers in place have a higher likelihood of being utilised.
It has been a pleasure to bring the Bill forward and to work with colleagues across all parties to discuss it, review it and improve it on its passage through the House.
We all want to see our high streets reviewed and improved.
We want them to be preserved and enhanced to celebrate their local character.
We want greater footfall, driven by high streets that are safe and pleasant places to be.
The Bill ensures that local authorities work with property owners, local communities and many others to realise that aim, according to their own local circumstances.
It is muscular localism, and I commend it to the House.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Stoke-on-Trent South (Jack Brereton)  on bringing forward such an important Bill.
I think every Member of this House will have a problem high street that they feel frustrated about and cannot get any work done on.
I hope he will allow me to talk about the success in my constituency, which I think echoes the sentiment of the Bill and shows what can be done when some of the things he wants to see in the Bill are achieved.
I want to talk about my hometown of North Shields.