It has been truly welcomed and valued by all of us in the CPA UK and by the CPA staff, both internationally and in the UK.
I always warmly welcome your support.
I thank  the hon.
Member for Ogmore (Chris Elmore)  for his speech, and I thank you, Mr Speaker, for the work you have done.
I congratulate my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Basingstoke (Dame Maria Miller)  on bringing forward this important Bill.
I welcome the support it has received from both sides of the House and I am pleased to offer my own support.
The Bill is quite technical in nature.
It makes provision for two specific organisations to be granted international status, which, owing to their unique constitutions, could not be included under existing legislation.
However, the wording of the legislation should not distract us from  the organisations cited in it.
Moreover, we should not overlook the primary purposes of these organisations, which are to strengthen parliamentary democracy and provide humanitarian assistance.
In a world where we frequently witness the devastation caused by violence and war, and the growing threats to democracy, the importance of those causes and the organisations that pursue them cannot be understated.
I therefore welcome the Bill, which grants international organisation status to both the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association and the International Committee of the Red Cross.
The new status will ensure that those organisations can continue to perform their vital work fully and without restriction.
The Commonwealth Parliamentary Association seeks to promote the values of parliamentary democracy and good governance.
It facilitates dialogues between Parliaments and draws on our collective knowledge to improve our procedures and address the wide-ranging challenges that we, as parliamentarians, may face.
Its efforts have included the development of recommended benchmarks for legislatures and for a code of conduct for Members.
Its efforts have included the development of recommended benchmarks for legislatures and for a code of conduct for Members.
It has also provided guidance on specific and pertinent issues such as improving mental health provisions, the challenges of climate change and the growth of AI.
I welcome the Government’s unwavering support for the Commonwealth and its ideals.
Article 1 of the Commonwealth charter outlines our responsibility
“for upholding and promoting democratic culture and practices”.
I would therefore ask what support the Government and Parliament have provided to the CPA to strengthen democracy across the Commonwealth.
The fundamental mission of the International Committee of the Red Cross is to protect victims of conflict and violence through the provision of humanitarian assistance.
Its work, often in the most difficult and perilous environments, encompasses everything from mine clearance and providing healthcare and sanitation to combating sexual violence, improving respect for international humanitarian law and establishing economic stability.
I am very proud of the United Kingdom’s record in providing humanitarian aid across the world—to Afghanistan, to South Sudan, to Ukraine and right now to Gaza.
However, what support have the Government provided to the ICRC and what can we, as Members of Parliament, do to support the Red Cross?
Ultimately, if we are to grant international status to these two organisations, let us also ensure that we fully support them in their operations and in their aims, strengthening democracy and humanitarian aid.
I commend my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Basingstoke (Dame Maria Miller)  for making progress with this important Bill, which will recognise both the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association and the International Committee of the Red Cross as international organisations.
These are important changes given that neither is recognised as such under UK law.
Current laws cannot apply as neither is an intergovernmental organisation, so a new enabling power is necessary.
The CPA does vital work in promoting parliamentary democracy throughout the Commonwealth, but its current set up as a UK charity is a cause for concern among some members and is somewhat restrictive.
The Bill seeks to address that.