I absolutely agree with the right hon.
Lady, and I will ask that of the Government.
I thank her for pointing it out.
I am pleased that the Bill seeks to grant the CPA a bespoke legal status, like that enjoyed by the Inter-Parliamentary Union in Swiss law and by the Assemblée Parlementaire de la Francophonie, our French equivalent, in French law.
Holding a legal status akin to our parliamentary strengthening counterparts should enhance the organisation’s standing.
If the CPA is not granted this legal status, there is a real risk of inter-parliamentary division and fragmentation, which could have broader ramifications for the unity of the Commonwealth.
The International Committee of the Red Cross is a neutral, independent and impartial humanitarian organisation, mandated by the international community  to protect and assist victims of armed conflict and other situations of violence.
The ICRC has been granted privileges and immunities by 109 states, and the UK is not one of them.
That absence has resulted in significant operational challenges, and the granting of privileges and immunities has become a matter of urgency.
Obtaining privileges and immunities in the UK would facilitate the ICRC’s operational capacity to fulfil its mandate and manage its resources in a manner most beneficial to all affected and impacted people.
It would also protect the ICRC’s ability to act as, and to be perceived as, a neutral, independent and impartial humanitarian actor, and it would protect the confidential nature of the ICRC’s work.
It is essential that the ICRC remains neutral and independent, as it is only through strict adherence to these principles that it can obtain the trust of parties to and victims of armed conflicts, as well as actors in other situations of violence.
This trust is crucial in securing humanitarian access to some of the most contested conflict zones.
This Bill goes a long way in addressing the above and provides the means for the ICRC to obtain only the privileges and immunities strictly necessary for its functioning.
This includes immunity from legal processes for the ICRC and its staff, the inviolability of its property, and the protection of confidential ICRC information held by the UK Government from disclosure in legal proceedings.
I ask the Minister to reaffirm his assurances in Committee that the required secondary legislation will be brought forward as soon as possible.
Will he commit to consulting both the ICRC and the CPA ahead of that secondary legislation, to ensure the appropriate privileges and immunities for each organisation?
I am pleased to support this Bill on behalf of the Opposition, and I commend the work that has gone into it right across the House, and particularly from the right hon.
Member for Basingstoke.
If we fail to get this right, it would deal a real blow to the role of this House and the Government on the world stage.
It would be seen as a symbol of our lack of commitment, and it would damage the potential of the CPA, a growing and unique global organisation, at a time when we should be redoubling our efforts to engage with our Commonwealth partners and seeking to expand the Commonwealth.
I am confident there is a will on all sides to ensure that the Bill succeeds.
It is a genuine pleasure to speak at the Dispatch Box on behalf of my right hon.
Friend the Deputy Foreign Secretary, and it is a pleasure for various reasons.
I suspect this will be one of my least challenging appearances at the Dispatch Box, because my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Basingstoke (Dame Maria Miller)  has garnered so much support for these measures across the House and in Government.
It is a pleasure to appear opposite, and respond to once again, the shadow Minister,  the hon.
Member for Cardiff North (Anna McMorrin) , who shadowed me in my role before she was moved to a different team.