My hon.
Friend is making an excellent speech on a brilliant Bill that will make such a huge difference.
Does he agree that the Bill will also give more power to local people, who will be able to hold their local council, its cabinet and their local leaders to account?
If they are not doing exactly what the Bill’s objectives set out, people can vote them out and bring in a new council that will ensure that its local high streets are managed properly and people are given the powers they need to grow the local economy.
I thank my hon.
Friend for those kind words of support.
She rightly says that this is about accountability and ensuring that the people in our local communities are in charge of their high streets and can ensure that those authorities, which have the power to bring about change, are held to account for that and for their decisions.
Section 215 enforcement notices and other enforcement mechanisms will certainly be part of that mix.
Unfortunately, section 215 powers, which are about enforcement where properties are in a bad condition and owners are not taking responsibility for their buildings, have not been used in our area.
I made a freedom of information request recently about that and we found out that Stoke-on-Trent City Council had not used those powers once in the past 12 months.
That is shocking, given the blatant need for a carrot and stick approach to address some of the concerns about our high street.
Change of use will also be another aspect of this, and having further reviews every five years ensures that improvement plans are living, nimble and able to respond to changing views and circumstances.
Nor should we presume that a plan could consider every eventuality, so although it will be important to give consideration to improvement plans as part of local planning policy,  they should not restrict and prevent positive development that may not have been envisaged when a plan was formulated.
Additionally, reviews can happen more frequently than every five years, if necessary.
Again, that was further clarified through amendment in Committee.
Importantly, the Bill does not prescribe that improvement plans must be fully implemented, complete and whole within five years.
I want to clear up any confusion that there may still be about that.
Rather, the Bill provides for plans to be more of a moveable feast, subject to periodic review to check on the progress towards delivery of what might be called an “ideal model envisaged”.
That means that improvement plans can include longer-term ambitions, guiding principles and characteristics for high streets well into the decades ahead, with the ability to finesse those at least every five years.
Of course, there is the duty not to leave the plans covering dust on a shelf.
Having a long-term vision that is delivered incrementally with maintained local support is the right thing to do.
We can all think of examples of funding pots becoming available for so-called shovel-ready schemes, and many of us will have been frustrated when it turns out that nothing remotely shovel ready is on the books.
One of the great lessons of the high streets taskforce, which has been usefully embraced by a number of local authorities, including Longton, is the importance of getting a number of quick wins and a number of deliverable schemes within the shorter term, and having a longer-term vision and series of projects.
The high streets taskforce has been an important and productive initiative for local councils of all colours, and I hope that its legacy, findings and best practice will live on through the Bill.
It is work that deserves to be celebrated and continued, and we should all be grateful for the wealth of knowledge that the taskforce has contributed.
The Bill is necessary to institutionalise that legacy further, developing it across local government and local communities.