Friends the Members for Hyndburn (Sara Britcliffe), for Cities of London and Westminster (Nickie Aiken) and for Stoke-on-Trent South (Jack Brereton),  the hon.
Member for Ogmore (Chris Elmore) —I give him a special call-out, as he is the treasurer of the CPA—and  the hon.
Member for Cardiff North (Anna McMorrin) .
I thank them for their fulsome support for this Bill.
I particularly thank the Minister for setting out so clearly how he will treat the secondary legislation that is required to make this Bill work.
I join him in thanking the Comptroller of His Majesty’s Household, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Castle Point (Rebecca Harris) , whom I did not thank earlier.
We are never quite sure how to thank Whips in this place, but I thank her very much for her incredible support—she is involved in all things to do with the FCDO.
I thank everybody in the House of Commons for their great support in recognising the ICRC and the CPA as international organisations.
This Bill will help both organisations to do their jobs even better.
I thank the Minister and his colleagues at the FCDO for their unstinting support, which I hope continues as the Bill passes to the other place.
Question put and agreed to.
Bill accordingly read the Third time and passed.
Bill, as amended in the Public Bill Committee, considered.
Third Reading
I beg to move, That the Bill be now read the Third time.
I am delighted to be able to express thanks to colleagues from across the House for their support for this important Bill.
I am grateful to the Minister and his officials for their highly constructive engagement at every stage.
It has been enormously helpful to draw on the Department’s formidable professionalism and expertise.
I thank the Whips Office, and particularly the Comptroller of His Majesty’s Household, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Castle Point (Rebecca Harris) , for all her support.
I thank the House staff in the Public Bill Office for their support.
I also thank the many organisations and individuals who have helped to inform this Bill through conversations I have had with them and reports I have read over many years.
I have managed to bring them together thanks to the private Member’s Bill ballot.
I am a passionate believer in local government.
My experience at Stoke-on-Trent City Council as a cabinet member for regeneration, transport and heritage informs much of my keen interest in high streets and how to deliver the mechanisms that will co-ordinate preserving and enhancing them.
From my most recent engagements, I particularly thank the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors, the British Property Federation, Power to Change, the British Retail Consortium and the Local Government Association for adding greatly to my thinking and my determination to secure a Bill with cross-party support.
Many conversations with local bodies, individuals and businesses over the years have informed the Bill and I place on record my thanks to them all.
Most recently, I met representatives of the Stoke-on-Trent business improvement district, and I am delighted that they support my Bill.
No Bill is without critics, but where I have encountered them, they have been good natured and constructive.
For the most part, we have resolved our differences through clarification and amendment in Committee.
It is a necessary debate and it has been conducted well.
I seem to have struck a chord with Members across the House in arguing that local authorities should be guided towards better co-ordination in ensuring that they understand the dynamics of local high streets in our constituencies, and should work in concert with local communities, property owners and high street businesses to preserve and enhance those treasured places in a way that serves and grows our local economies.
Our high streets are the beating heart of our communities, which was again evident at the vibrant Longton carnival and pig walk parade in my constituency last weekend.