I beg to move, That the House sit in private.
Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No.
163 ) and negatived.
Bill, as amended in the Public Bill Committee, considered.
Third Reading
I beg to move, That the Bill be now read the Third time.
This is an important moment for the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association and the International Committee of the Red Cross.
The Bill enables the Government to recognise both organisations individually as international organisations, conferring on them the legal capacities of a body corporate as well as specific privileges and immunities.
While the Bill may be only halfway through its scrutiny process, as it will move on to the other place, today feels like a significant milestone.
I underline that, at all stages, the Bill has received not only cross-party support, for which I am enormously grateful, but support from my hon.
and right hon.
Friends on the Treasury Bench.
I thank each and every Member for their contributions to the Bill throughout its consideration.
I want to mention individually those who have been particularly supportive of the Bill.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Bridgwater and West Somerset (Mr Liddell-Grainger)  must come at the start of that list, because he chairs the international executive committee of the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association.
My immense appreciation goes to the secretary-general of the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association, Mr Stephen Twigg, whose passion and support for the Bill and for getting the change in status for the CPA has been clear throughout.
My thanks go to all the hard-working and inspirational staff of CPA UK—including our new chief executive, Sarah Dickson, Helen Haywood, the deputy chief executive, and their teams—for their unwavering passion and commitment to the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association and continued support.
Without them, this achievement would not have been possible.
And I cannot forget Mr Jon Davies, Sarah’s predecessor, who I thank from the bottom of my heart for all his contributions while in office.
I thank the formidable team at the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office and my noble Friend Lord Ahmad, the Minister responsible for the  Commonwealth, and the Deputy Foreign Secretary, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Sutton Coldfield (Mr Mitchell) , who is not on the Front Bench today—he is detained elsewhere—but has been ably replaced by the Minister of State, Ministry of Justice, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Charnwood (Edward Argar) .
Throughout, those Ministers have understood why the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association status needs to change, why this is an important Bill and why the work of the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association is essential in supporting the strengthening of democracy around the world.
I thank them all and their teams of officials.
At this stage of proceedings, it is also important to acknowledge the extraordinary work of the Clerks of the House, and to thank them.
Their guidance and recognition of the Bill’s importance, combined with the support from the Government, have helped get the Bill to where it is today.
In particular, I say a huge thank you to Ms Anne-Marie Griffiths, the Clerk who has been advising us, for her assistance in getting the Bill to this stage.
I hope you will forgive me, Mr Speaker, for thanking you, too.
You have a very special place in the heart of the CPA, as does the Lord Speaker.
You are our joint presidents, and in your work, you support us enormously.
Two organisations are supported by this Bill.
I thank the International Committee of the Red Cross for its incredibly important work and for supporting me in the preparation of the Bill.
I know how much time and consideration its London delegation has put in, and Eve La Haye in the ICRC legal team in Geneva has also been heavily involved.
I thank all of them.