I thank the International Committee of the Red Cross for its incredibly important work and for supporting me in the preparation of the Bill.
I know how much time and consideration its London delegation has put in, and Eve La Haye in the ICRC legal team in Geneva has also been heavily involved.
I thank all of them.
The unique international humanitarian mandate and mission of the International Committee of the Red Cross has been formally recognised by states in the Geneva convention and additional protocols.
The Bill will accord it a status or treatment in the UK equivalent to that of an international organisation, with the relevant privileges and immunities.
To date, more than 110 states have accorded the ICRC those relevant privileges and immunities, including all other permanent members of the United Nations Security Council.
The content of the Bill, and the conferral of relevant privileges and immunity to the ICRC in the UK, is critical to enabling it to continue to operate in the UK in accordance with its international mandate, maintaining its strict adherence to the principles of neutrality, impartiality and independence and its working method of confidentiality.
For more than two years, there has been intense work to get to this stage—it has been described as a labour of love.
None of it could have been accomplished without the esteemed individuals and organisations that I mentioned.
The perseverance from everyone is starting to be rewarded now, but there is much more to do.
I welcome the fact that the Bill and the amendments debated and agreed to in Committee have received cross-party support, again demonstrating the high regard and esteem in which both the CPA and ICRC are held not only in this place but throughout the country and internationally.
Members of a number of overseas Parliaments in particular have reiterated how important the Bill is.
We have listened and learned and gone forward with this historic legislation, which is now well on its way to putting in place such a fundamental change.
The Bill is integral to the CPA and the ICRC, as it provides the necessary powers for both organisations to be treated in a manner comparable with an international organisation, of which the United Kingdom, or His Majesty’s Government in the United Kingdom, are a member.
Each organisation has its own role and constitutional arrangements.
That had to be—and is— reflected in the Bill.
Under certain clauses, secondary legislation can put in place the privileges and immunities that each organisation will need.
The Commonwealth Parliamentary Association element of the Bill will be widely and warmly welcomed by our fellow parliamentarians throughout the Commonwealth.
I recall that on my recent visit to Kenya, the Speaker of that Parliament reminded me how vital it is to the African region of the CPA to achieve this new status for the organisation.
Parliamentarians from Africa have long championed the need for this legislation and made the point that they want to continue to be part of the CPA because of the important work that it does, but they increasingly struggle to justify spending their taxpayers’ money with the CPA configured as a UK charity: a status that I believe we have long outgrown.
Concerns about the CPA’s status date back more than three decades.
If that can now be resolved, I believe that will serve to strengthen and renew the CPA’s mission, unity and sense of purpose.
I attended the Commonwealth Parliamentary Conference in Ghana last October, where I saw once again the strength of feeling across the CPA membership about the status of our organisation.
Mr Speaker, last month you hosted Speakers and Presiding Officers from the Commonwealth in London for Commonwealth day, where you ensured that they were briefed about the progress that we are making on the Bill.
The response was extremely warm and positive: a collective sigh of relief that this issue might be reaching a solution.