Treatment as an international organisation will allow both the CPA and the ICRC to deliver their objectives while operating in the UK.
In the case of the CPA, it will facilitate the organisation to operate fully across the Commonwealth and international fora, including in areas where it is currently restricted by its charitable status.
While it is not possible under the International Organisations Act 1968, as was highlighted by my hon.
Friend the Member for Cities of London and Westminster, to accord it the privileges and status it needs, this legislation fills that gap.
For the ICRC, treatment as an international organisation will critically enable it to operate in the UK in accordance with its international mandate, maintaining its strict adherence to the principles of neutrality, impartiality and independence and its standard working method of confidentiality, which is designed to protect its staff and operations in active conflict zones.
The public disclosure of information that the ICRC obtains from confidential dialogue with conflict parties is likely to put that at risk.
It is also a principle that underpins its ability to operate in dangerous locations on sensitive issues, engaging with state and non-state actors.
The Bill has therefore been amended to include a provision for the protection of certain information related to the ICRC’s sensitive work that it has provided in confidence to His Majesty’s Government, to stop it being used in court proceedings, except for criminal proceedings.
The Government consider this provision necessary, but proportionate.
Treatment as an international organisation includes the provision of privileges and immunities necessary to meet the functional needs of the CPA and ICRC in the UK.
In providing these privileges and immunities, we will strengthen our partnerships with both the CPA and ICRC respectively.
It will enable these two key partners to better deliver their objectives.
The list of privileges and immunities that might be conferred on the CPA and ICRC have been informed by the 1968 Act.
That will allow the Government to agree a framework that is unique and appropriate to each organisation’s unique mandate.
The actual suite of privileges and immunities to be accorded, including relevant exceptions and limitations, will be determined based on the functional need of each organisation and will be specified in secondary legislation and Order in Council.
For example, the arrangements will make it clear, as is standard practice, that there will be no immunity from legal suit in the case of a motor traffic offence or damage caused by a motor vehicle.
The financial implications of the Bill are minimal, and there will be little or no loss of revenue as a result of the fiscal exemptions or relief, which again will be granted by delegated legislation through the provisions in the Bill.
As is standard practice for international organisations, certain taxes will be refunded in accordance with the separate arrangements between the Government and the CPA and ICRC, respectively.
In response to a point made by my right hon.
Friend the Member for Basingstoke—the shadow Minister kindly gave me advance warning that she would also raise it in her speech—I am happy to reconfirm that the specific arrangements will be drawn up in active consultation with the CPA and with the ICRC, respectively.
I realise that the Minister is making a Third Reading speech so it is important not to go into detail, but this element was introduced in  Committee, and we did not have the advantage of a Report stage.
I would like to press the Government on this particular point, because the privileges and immunities section of the Bill is clearly set out but it is important that those affected by the Bill understand that those privileges and immunities are yet to be agreed with the Government.
It is important that they are agreed well in advance of being laid before Parliament, so that everybody can be sighted on what they mean in practice.
As ever, my right hon.
Friend is right.