I pay tribute to  the right hon.
Member for Basingstoke (Dame Maria Miller) , whose dedication and commitment to this matter has been a labour of love over the past two years, and the reason we are all here today.
I also pay tribute to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Ogmore (Chris Elmore) , whose work on the CPA, both here in the UK and internationally, has been critical in helping us get to where we are now.
I thank the hon.
Members for Hyndburn (Sara Britcliffe), for Stoke-on-Trent South (Jack Brereton) and for Cities of London and Westminster (Nickie Aiken) for their support and for their eloquent speeches today.
The CPA is a highly valued organisation.
Many of us on both sides of the House have benefited from its work and will continue to do so for years to come, so I am pleased to support the Bill today on behalf of the Opposition.
It could not be better timed: we celebrated the 75th anniversary of the Commonwealth earlier this month, with a two-day conference here in Westminster hosted by Mr Speaker.
I thank him for doing so, and for his work in pulling the issues together and ensuring that they remain prominent.
The Commonwealth has grown from a group of eight countries in 1949 to a diverse body of 56 nations, with a population of 2.5 billion today.
Its members range from large, developed countries to those that are emerging and developing, including some of the smallest nations on earth.
I was recently fortunate enough to travel with a CPA delegation to Belize, and it was great to be there as part of my brief in the shadow Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office team, meeting Members of its Parliament and learning how it works, and meeting officials, committee members, members of the Belize Government and the Speaker.
The visit allowed us to build critical relationships and an understanding of the challenges that the country faces.
As we have heard from other Members on both sides of the House, these relationships are crucial throughout the Commonwealth, and I think we can all agree that today we should celebrate it for the modern institution that it is—one of which we can be proud.
I also want to put on the record that Labour is keen to ensure that the CPA headquarters stay right here in Westminster, in London, as the Bill intends.
Labour is very proud of the CPA’s ongoing role in bringing together and liaising between the Parliaments in the Commonwealth family from the very building that inspired the way in which most of the Commonwealth is governed today.
It is important for the CPA to be granted privileges and immunities similar to those enjoyed by comparable organisations such as the Commonwealth Foundation and the Commonwealth of Learning.
That enhanced status will strengthen the influence of Commonwealth parliamentarians and give the CPA a more authoritative presence internationally, and I know that Parliaments and parliamentarians across the Commonwealth will welcome it, because it will have a positive impact on the wider Commonwealth and help to maintain unity and stability in times when the international order, parliamentary democracy and human rights face huge and serious challenges.
The hon.
Lady has touched on the importance of the privileges and immunities afforded by the Bill, not only to the CPA but to the ICRC.
Does she agree that it is important that the Government have given undertakings that those immunities, when they are set out in secondary legislation, will be discussed in detail beforehand with the necessary parties in both organisations to ensure that the Bill works in the way that is intended?
I absolutely agree with the right hon.
Lady, and I will ask that of the Government.
I thank her for pointing it out.