We must ensure that those with mental health issues receive the support and the care that they need.
Public services are obviously devolved in Northern Ireland, but we will work with the Executive and leaders to support them in delivering better outcomes.
That is why my Secretary of State for Health and Social Care spoke to the Health Minister in Northern Ireland in the first week that he was in the Department.
I am sure that he will be prepared to follow up on the matter should the hon.
Member wish him to do so.
In my constituency of Hexham, frightened parents and families are having to fight tooth and nail and to travel extremely long distances to secure fair treatment and full education for their children.
Will the Prime Minister outline steps that the Government will take to improve outcomes and results for children with special educational needs and disabilities, particularly those in the most rural parts of the north-east?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
This reinforces the point that the SEND provisions were a failure of the previous Government, particularly in rural communities.
The issue is felt by Members on both sides of the House.
It is really important and we have a duty now to pick it up and ensure that all children with SEND receive the right support to succeed in their education, and we will continue to do so.
On the assisted dying Bill, which is a private Member’s Bill, the Government are quite rightly staying neutral, but the real issue with the Bill is that the time constraints of private legislation make it difficult to get it right first time.
If we get this wrong first time, the consequences are too terrible to contemplate.
In 1967, the Government of the day gave time to allow David Steel’s Abortion Bill to go through.
Will the Prime Minister commit to giving extra time—Government time—to the Bill to ensure that we get this right first time?
I thank the right hon.
Member for raising this question on a really important issue.
I do understand that there are strongly held views across the House—on both sides and within both sides, if I can put it in that way.
I do agree with him that it is important that we ensure that any change to the law—if there is to be one—is effective.
If this House gives the Bill a Second Reading, it will of course then go to Committee as usual, which will allow that more detailed scrutiny, but we do need the discussion more broadly on this important issue.
With shared prosperity funding drawing to a close, and Cornwall having some of the greatest potential in Europe in critical minerals and renewable energy, it is time for  our aspiring Celtic tiger to identify much more strategic sources of investment funding, which take us away from the short-termist begging-bowl politics of the previous decade.
Will the Prime Minister meet Cornish MPs to discuss the future of industrial and social funding in Cornwall?
My hon.
Friend is a proud Cornish MP.
He is absolutely right that economic growth must be spread across the country; it cannot simply be focused in the south-east and London.
He will no doubt have seen today the floating offshore wind taskforce report, which sets out that the UK’s industry can support tens of thousands of jobs, including huge job opportunities in the south-west.
I will ensure that a meeting is arranged for him with the appropriate Minister.
Today is PANS PANDAS Awareness Day, which is about a paediatric condition affecting potentially thousands of children across the UK.
I first raised the condition in the Chamber 18 months ago, when I heard about its devastating impact from a constituent.
Does the Prime Minister agree that it should not be for a charity to fund the pathway analysis and research needed to ensure that people and children get the support they need?