As the Secretary of State who secured funding from the Treasury for the first two deals—the Belfast city deal and the Derry/Londonderry and Strabane deal—I am very pleased that they are going ahead, but I have concerns, because I remember the impact that that announcement had on business confidence across Northern Ireland.
What discussions has the Secretary of State had with businesses involved in the private sector element of these deals, to make sure they know that there is a commitment to them?
The right hon.
Member is very generous and kind to me, but I cannot claim credit for the Belfast city deal—it was unaffected by the announcement that the Treasury made—and the signing of the full financial deal for the Derry and Strabane city deal was scheduled anyway.
After clarification, that deal is going ahead, but when I meet the chief executives shortly, I hope to learn more about the point she raised about the practical impact.
It is important that we understand the impact; that will inform the representations that are made.
It seems to me that these questions would be better directed at the Treasury, because that is where the decision was made.
I thank the Secretary of State for the work he did over the weekend after the 17th to secure the much-needed Derry city deal.
He has said that there will be an update in the Budget about the other two deals that have been paused.
Can he confirm whether that will be an update or a decision?
Although my hon.
Friend encourages me to, I will not speak for the Chancellor.
She will tell us what is in the Budget when she stands up on  30 October .
The Secretary of State will remember that when he and I were at the signing of the Londonderry deal in September, I lobbied him strongly to get the other two deals over the line.
He has outlined the meetings he has held, but given what he has just said about not meeting and talking with the Chancellor about this, will he be meeting the Prime Minister?
He has met other people, and we need to get these deals up and running—over the line—to get much-needed investment into areas such as mine and the Mid South West.
I very much enjoyed seeing the hon.
Gentleman at the signing of the Derry/Londonderry and Strabane city deal—it was a great event.
It is the   responsibility of all of us in the House who have the interests of these two deals at heart to make representations to everyone who can influence the final decision.
The Secretary of State has talked about his engagement.
Local authorities have a really important role to play in stimulating and facilitating growth, so can he keep local authorities in mind as he seeks to keep engaging, and as he ultimately gets us the solution that people want?
I certainly will do that, which is precisely why my next meeting on this matter will be with the chief executives of the two deal areas.
They will no doubt tell me about the challenges they face at the moment, but it is the partnership that makes these deals so successful, as Belfast and Derry/Londonderry and Strabane demonstrate.
By bringing together the United Kingdom, the Northern Ireland Executive, the local authorities and private investors, we get a synergy that results in extraordinary things.
I assume that the Secretary of State has done an impact assessment on the uncertainty costs of this decision, and will know how it will impact growth in Northern Ireland in particular.
If so, can he publish that impact assessment?
Secondly, I assume that the improved futures funding in Northern Ireland is unaffected by this decision.
Can he confirm that, please?
I am not aware of an impact assessment that has been done.