She has campaigned for many months—indeed, years—on the issue of baby loss, as have other Members across the House.
I am very pleased to see that progress among some major employers, and I know that she will want to work with us on ensuring that those who experience baby loss are supported and protected, particularly at the most difficult times.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
This Black History Month, I would like to reiterate that people’s race or ethnicity should never be a barrier to opportunity.
We are enhancing rights through upcoming legislation on race and disability, equality, employment rights and banning conversion practices.
To deliver that important work, we are reforming the Equality Hub to create the office for equality and opportunity in the Cabinet Office.
There is much to do, working within and beyond Government, to create opportunity and promote equality across the UK.
We have had some progress since the Government were elected on issues relating to black and minority ethnic women and domestic violence.
However, Valerie Forde, who was my constituent, was  brutally murdered by her partner, and Valerie’s law— named for her and campaigned for by her daughter and the charity Sistah Space in my constituency—has not yet hit the statute book.
Will the Minister reconsider and examine the support needed for women because of their ethnic, and racial or cultural background?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for all the campaigning work that she has done in this crucial area in the face of the tragic loss of Valerie Forde.
We must do everything we can to ensure that all victims of violence against women and girls receive the support that they need.
I will make arrangements for her to discuss further with a Home Office Minister what more we need to do, particularly around police training and standards.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Conservative Government introduced the hugely successful opt-out HIV and hepatitis testing programme for A&Es in London, Brighton, Blackpool and Manchester, with a £20 million commitment to expand the programme to 33 more, diagnosing more than 1,300 people with HIV in the first two years and tackling health inequalities.
This has meant, crucially, that more LGBT+ people, women, people of black African ethnicity and older people have been diagnosed and supported.
Will the Minister assure the House that the funding and commitment will remain?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising such an important issue, on which all Members across the House want to make progress.
Officials are working on further plans, which we will set out very shortly, but we will be keen to work with her and colleagues across the House to make sure that we eradicate new HIV and AIDS infections.
Many of my constituents in Exeter benefit from maternity pay, which supports women while they spend precious time with their new-born children.
Is the Minister of the view that maternity pay, in the words of one Tory leadership candidate, has “gone too far”?
Absolutely not, and my hon.
Friend is right to mention the fact that that kind of assessment flies in the face of not only common sense, but all the economic evidence.
When we support women to return to work and to progress at work, while being able to spend time with their families, we grow our economy—something that this Government are determined to do.
Across Aldridge-Brownhills, we have some fabulous girls’ football teams and the excellent Walsall Wood ladies football club at Oak Park active living centre, no doubt inspired by the Lionesses.
The last Government committed funding to support women’s and girls’ football.
Can the Minister confirm that that funding will continue?
I assure the right hon.
Lady that we are absolutely determined to encourage our women and girls to take part in sport and physical activity—something that falls off all too often as girls reach their  teenage years.