Secondly, I assume that the improved futures funding in Northern Ireland is unaffected by this decision.
Can he confirm that, please?
I am not aware of an impact assessment that has been done.
At the end of July, the Chancellor announced all the things that she would have to look at in dealing with the very adverse fiscal inheritance from the previous Government.
I apologise to the right hon.
Gentleman, but I did not hear what he was referring to in the second part of his question.
The Chair of the Northern Ireland Committee,  the hon.
Member for Gower (Tonia Antoniazzi) , referred to levelling-up funds.
Is the Secretary of State aware that commitments to businesses from those funds have also been paused in Northern Ireland?
In particular, Belfast International airport in my constituency was looking forward to £2.3 million from levelling-up funds, and was only told a fortnight ago that the funding was now on hold.
It is not only the city deals; levelling-up funds are affected by this decision.
The hon.
Gentleman is right: a number of things have been paused.
I can think of a levelling-up project in my constituency that has been paused as a result of our fiscal inheritance.
That is what the Treasury is having to deal with.
As the Secretary of State knows, one of the unsung and often undervalued benefits of city deals is that they underpin the argument for the rebuilding of a new, post-conflict Northern Ireland, delivering normalcy and forging partnerships between sectors.
That is an argument that is often lost on the bean counters in the Treasury.
Can he assure the   House that he will be making that key point as we all seek to rebuild Northern Ireland in the image of what we would all like it to become?
The hon.
Gentleman makes a powerful and important point.
The progress that Northern Ireland has made over the past 26 years since the signing of the Good Friday agreement is what everybody is striving to continue.
I am confident that the Treasury will pay close attention to the exchanges on this urgent question, and the hon.
Gentleman’s eloquence speaks for itself.
I have listened to the answers that the Secretary of State has given, and I cannot understand his logic.
First, one of the reasons for not progressing with these deals is that they are not far enough advanced.
Does he not recognise the amount of money that has already gone into developing them, and how this decision puts that money at risk?
Who will put further resources into those schemes if there is no certainty at the end?
The Secretary of State has talked about Northern Ireland being part of economic growth.
In the Causeway Coast and Glens case, much of the investment will be for economic growth, whether that is the development of food and drugs at the University of Ulster, the innovation hub at North West Regional College, or the innovation hub in Cushendall.
By not having those schemes in place, the Secretary of State is going to affect economic growth, so can he explain the logic of the decision he has made?
In fairness to myself, I have pointed out that these two schemes are not as far advanced as the Belfast and the Derry/Londonderry and Strabane city deals, because one of them only recently signed its heads of terms and the other has yet to do so.
From memory, the time it took for the Belfast and the Derry and Strabane deals to get from heads of terms to full financial deal signing was between two and a half and three and a half years.
So there is some way to go based on past experience, precisely because a great deal of work has to be done in partnership with the private sector, the Northern Ireland Executive, local businesses and the councils to put the shape of the deals in place.
The right hon.