The police will now have the power to deal with anyone they reasonably suspect to be obstructing, causing harassment or distress, or influencing within a buffer zone.
I call the shadow Minister.
I welcome the ministerial team to their places.
The Conservative Government launched the £100 million violence against women and girls strategy in our determination to make our streets safer for women and girls.
It involved creating a new 24/7 sexual assault helpline, transport safety champions and a £5 million safety of women at night fund.
Why does this Labour Government feel that setting a target of merely halving violence against women and girls is a suitable ambition?
Surely nothing but targeting the total eradication of this horrific criminality, whether in the home or on the streets, is enough.
The reality is that we saw reported rates of different forms of violence against women and girls rise repeatedly under the previous Government, and charge rates fell shamefully low.
The Government will not stand by in the face of that national emergency.
We will act.
That is why we have set a cross-Government mission—no more talk but action—and we are determined to deliver it for the sake of women and girls.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to tackle the impact of socioeconomic disadvantage on future earnings.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to tackle the impact of socioeconomic disadvantage on future earnings.
The Government are committed to breaking the link between young people’s backgrounds and their future success.
I am proud to lead our opportunity mission across government, through which we will ensure that every child thrives in education and achieves their ambitions in work and later life, no matter what their background.
In Wales, breaking down barriers to opportunity has long been an area of work, but with so many levers of change having been in the hands of a UK Tory Government, success over the past 14 years has been greatly hampered.
Will my right hon.
Friend assure me that Cabinet colleagues in this Government will work closely with Welsh Government partners, so that future earnings in Clwyd North reflect the huge potential that I see in our children and young people every day?
Yes, I give my hon.
Friend that assurance.
We will work closely with devolved Governments to make sure that we are all pulling together to break down the barriers that too many of our young people face.
That is why the work on child poverty that the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions and I are leading on is so crucial.
We know that child poverty is an issue that blights too many lives across the UK.
Coastal areas, including my constituency of Worthing West, experience lower life expectancy and higher preventable ill health than many non-coastal areas.
That is directly related to the fact that they often have higher levels of socioeconomic deprivation.
What steps is my right hon.
Friend taking to address the specific inequalities in coastal communities?
My hon.
Friend is a real champion for her constituents and for coastal communities, and I recognise that different communities have distinct challenges.
Work is already under way to ensure that where someone is from does not determine whether they can succeed, but I would be happy to discuss that further with my hon.
Friend.
Young people in my community with care experience are campaigning for care and care experience to be classified as a protected characteristic.
Will the Minister meet them and me to discuss whether the Government plan to do that?
We are looking carefully at what more we need to do to ensure that all care-experienced young people receive the support they need.
We know that outcomes are often incredibly poor, and we recognise the disadvantage that care-experienced young people face.
We are looking at what more we can do through legislation and beyond to ensure that all young people get the support they deserve.