We are looking carefully at what more we need to do to ensure that all care-experienced young people receive the support they need.
We know that outcomes are often incredibly poor, and we recognise the disadvantage that care-experienced young people face.
We are looking at what more we can do through legislation and beyond to ensure that all young people get the support they deserve.
I will ensure that my colleague from the Department for Education, the Minister for Children and Families, is in touch with the hon.
Lady.
I thank the Secretary of State for her answer to that important question.
What discussions has she had with the Department for Communities back home in Northern Ireland to ensure  that individuals from all socioeconomic backgrounds have equal opportunities in relation to pay, regardless of where they grew up?
I am afraid I did not catch all of the hon.
Gentleman’s question, but I am happy to discuss it with him further.
I have met my counterparts in Northern Ireland.
I recognise our shared challenges and want to ensure that we work constructively across the devolved Governments on areas of concern.
What steps she is taking to help end discrimination against disabled people.
We want a more inclusive society with less discrimination, and our election manifesto committed us to putting the views and voices of disabled people at the heart of all we do.
As a first step, we are legislating to deliver equal pay for disabled people, with disability pay gap monitoring for larger employers.
A huge part of tackling discrimination against disabled people is challenging preconceptions about what people can achieve.
Will the Minister therefore join me in congratulating the phenomenal Joseph Adams, a 21-year-old with Down’s syndrome in my constituency, who recently ran ten 10 km races in ten different countries in just five days as part of his “no limits” challenge?
He has raised a staggering £400,000 for a disability sports and employment programme in my community.
I am delighted to congratulate Joseph, and I welcome my hon.
Friend’s drawing his achievements to our attention.
I spent an inspiring few days at the Paralympics in Paris not long ago.
It was partly inspiring because we came second behind only China—ahead of the USA, and ahead of all the other European countries as well.
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the importance of this issue.
We are going to work with disabled people and their organisations to make sport more accessible and to remove the barriers that are too often in place.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to implement the recommendations of the Cass review.
The Cass review is a robust report backed by clinicians and firmly grounded in evidence.
The Government and NHS England will be implementing Dr Cass’s recommendations in full, so that children and young people get the safe, holistic care and support they need.
Dr Cass’s review was an important moment for services for young people in this country.
Will the Minister restate the Government’s commitment to ensuring that all the review’s findings, which are based on evidence ahead of ideology, are implemented?
Does the Minister also reject calls from various vested interest groups to  pause implementation, and press ahead as quickly as possible to protect vulnerable young people in our country?
As I said in my original answer, the Government are absolutely committed to implementing all of Dr Cass’s evidence-based review in full.
I thank the Minister for her response and the robust response from this Labour Government to support the Cass review.
Will she confirm that she is having robust conversations with devolved Governments about its implementation across the United Kingdom?
The Secretary of State has met the leaders of all the devolved Administrations to discuss our intention to work with them very closely across all issues that come under our sphere, including the Cass recommendations.
I call the shadow Minister.