I remember that visit.
Here is the new political vibe: invest with Labour or decline with the Tories.
That is why I am so pleased to read out the investments we have had in the last few weeks.
We have a big summit coming up on Monday, with hundreds of CEOs coming, and I am confident we will be making further such investment announcements in weeks to come.
That is what will fix and stabilise our economy.
Because we are taking the tough decisions, the investment is now coming flowing into this country, to fulfil our obligation to raise living standards across the country.
The A483 runs through my constituency from Llanymynech to Oswestry.
It is one of the busiest and most dangerous roads in the constituency, and National Highways says the crossroads at Llynclys is the worst accident blackspot in the midlands.
It has a proposal to improve the situation, but Treasury rules place a higher value on road speed than on the lives of North Shropshire’s residents.
Will the Prime Minister look at flexing those rules to back National Highways and my residents, to give them the safe road they deserve?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising this.
It is obviously a big and important issue in her constituency.
It is vital that as we invest we improve safety and deliver better journeys for drivers.
National Highways continues to study the case for safety improvements to the A483 and will continue to do so.
As she probably knows, decisions will be set out under the third road investment strategy.
I know that the Roads Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Nottingham South (Lilian Greenwood) , will have heard her representations and will agree to a meeting, if that is what she would like.
Bolton Hospice provides vital services to individuals with life-limiting conditions yet, like hospices across the country, it faces a difficult financial future and is reliant on fundraising, including the kind donations I was able to raise when I climbed Mount Kilimanjaro last year and from the campaign run by .
What steps is the Prime Minister taking to ensure hospices, like the one in Bolton, are put on a sustainable financial footing?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on his efforts in relation to his local hospice.
We want everyone to have access to high-quality care, including end of life care.
That is why we require all local NHS bodies to commission services from hospices to meet the needs of their local populations.
Most hospices are charitable, independent organisations that also receive funding for providing NHS services.
We have inherited a huge problem with the £22 billion black hole, but we are determined to move forward on this none the less.
Since the signing of the Belfast agreement in 1998, more people in Northern Ireland have now sadly lost their lives to suicide than those who were killed during the 30 years of the troubles.
Does the Prime Minister agree that the challenges with poor mental health in Northern Ireland, some of which are directly related to the violence   of our past, are a unique and pressing legacy of the troubles?
Will he therefore commit to tasking his Government to work collaboratively with the Department of Health in Northern Ireland to explore how these issues can be properly recognised and resolved?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising that important matter.
I do know at first hand the deep impact that the troubles have had on so many in Northern Ireland.
We must ensure that those with mental health issues receive the support and the care that they need.
Public services are obviously devolved in Northern Ireland, but we will work with the Executive and leaders to support them in delivering better outcomes.
That is why my Secretary of State for Health and Social Care spoke to the Health Minister in Northern Ireland in the first week that he was in the Department.