Later today, the 68th London film festival will open with the world premiere of “Blitz”, written, directed and produced by one of our most successful British directors, Steve McQueen.
Set in England during world war two, it is an example of exactly what film can do.
It brings together top talent on screen and off, and it showcases the nation’s history through storytelling and highlights on screen our beautiful country, from London’s east end to Hull’s old town.
Our independent sector has produced films such as “Pride”, “The King’s Speech” and “Bend It Like Beckham”, which show our heritage, our communities and our culture to the world and act as a springboard from the grassroots for world-class UK talent on screen and behind the scenes.
While major film production has flourished, smaller-budget independent films have not received sufficient support over the past decade.
They face multiple challenges, including rising production costs, crew shortages and declining revenues, which have hampered the growth of this vital sector.
While too much of our creative industries has traditionally been concentrated in just one part of our country, independent film thrives everywhere, given the chance.
This uplift will not only boost creativity but create jobs, growth and investment in every nation and region.
Through that, we will help the independent film sector to reach its full potential.
While the uplift has been designed to support and target British independent film makers, I am glad to say that it is also open to qualifying official co-productions, because film and television co-production is a key way in which the UK increases its cultural ties and collaboration with Europe and the rest of the world.
This Government will go further still to support this critical industry.
The skills shortage that has been ignored for too long acts as a break on the ambitions of this incredible sector.
That is why this Government launched Skills England to bring about the skills we need for a decade of national renewal of our communities, business and country.
We will focus apprenticeships once more on young people to set them up to succeed and to help fill the 25,000 vacancies in the creative sector.
The Secretary of State for Education is overhauling the apprenticeship levy to provide better career opportunities for young people, building on the success of existing high-quality apprenticeships in the creative industries, and we are working closely with Skills England to ensure that the new flexibilities announced by the Prime Minister last month offer shorter apprenticeships and an improved offer for a creative skills pathway for young people embarking on careers in this sector.
Every child should have the chance to live a richer, larger life and to consider a career in the arts.
In addition, the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government is keeping the Government’s mission to deliver economic growth at front of mind when making decisions about planning applications.
I am pleased to announce to the House that yesterday MHCLG recovered an application for planning permission for Marlow film studios in Buckinghamshire.
The merits of that application will now be reviewed by its Ministers in detail before they reach a decision.
Finally, next week the Government will host the international investment summit, where industry leaders, investors and businesses from across the world will come together to put the UK back at the global table and to kick-start a decade of economic renewal.
As a critical part of that, our creative industries will be at the summit’s heart.
This Government are committed to ensuring that the UK is a first-choice destination for film production.
We are backing up those words with actions today.
Britain is open for business, and creativity is back at its heart.
I commend this statement to the House.
I thank the hon.
Lady for her warm words of welcome at the beginning.
I think that is perhaps the beginning and end of the consensus that we might be able to reach today.