Will she confirm that she is having robust conversations with devolved Governments about its implementation across the United Kingdom?
The Secretary of State has met the leaders of all the devolved Administrations to discuss our intention to work with them very closely across all issues that come under our sphere, including the Cass recommendations.
I call the shadow Minister.
I thank the Minister for taking up the recommendations of the Cass review.
Children struggling with their gender identity deserve our protection and a holistic, understanding approach via our new NHS centres, rather than irreversible medical and surgical intervention.
Will the Minister confirm that the British Medical Association’s original position that the Cass review contained unsubstantiated recommendations will not delay that protection being put in place for vulnerable children?
I cannot reiterate any more strongly than I have that this Government are absolutely committed to implementing the Cass review’s evidence-based recommendations in full.
What steps she is taking to support women in the workplace.
As part of our mission to make work pay, we will provide protections from maternity discrimination and sexual harassment.
We will speed up progress on the gender pay gap and strengthen equal pay protections.
The steps we will take will enable women everywhere to thrive and transform their working lives for the better.
Does the Minister agree that, unlike some of the incredibly worrying comments we have heard from Opposition leadership contenders this week, in order to grow our economy we need to create the conditions to encourage and support more women back into the workplace?
I strongly agree.
Supporting women to return and to progress at work is a crucial part of securing economic growth.
It was very surprising that that was even in doubt.
This Labour Government are on the side of new mothers, which is why our plan to make work pay commits to strengthening their workplace  protections, improving access to flexible working and creating the conditions for all parents to balance work and care.
Four women have been brutally killed in the past six weeks in Northern Ireland, bringing the total to 24 since 2020.
Many of these young women were professional women working and contributing to society.
Does the Minister agree that we need to do more than just pay lip service to supporting women, whether in the home or in the workplace, to punish these perpetrators?
I absolutely agree.
It is extremely concerning whenever we hear of what happens to women in the home, in the workplace or on the streets.
Women deserve to be safe, as do girls.
That is why this Government are acting at pace to ensure that, for example, we have domestic abuse specialists in emergency rooms and specialist rape crisis centres.
We are working across the whole of the United Kingdom on these shared concerns for the sake of women and girls.
Today marks the start of Baby Loss Awareness Week.
It is a difficult but important time for many of our constituents and those of us who have experienced baby loss or miscarriage.
Many private sector employers, and now the NHS—the largest public sector employer of women—have led the way in offering paid bereavement leave for those who miscarry.
Does the Minister agree that all workers could and should benefit from the right to bereavement leave following baby loss?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that question, and I congratulate her on her election as Chair of the Women and Equalities Committee.
She has campaigned for many months—indeed, years—on the issue of baby loss, as have other Members across the House.
I am very pleased to see that progress among some major employers, and I know that she will want to work with us on ensuring that those who experience baby loss are supported and protected, particularly at the most difficult times.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.