Today is PANS PANDAS Awareness Day, which is about a paediatric condition affecting potentially thousands of children across the UK.
I first raised the condition in the Chamber 18 months ago, when I heard about its devastating impact from a constituent.
Does the Prime Minister agree that it should not be for a charity to fund the pathway analysis and research needed to ensure that people and children get the support they need?
Will he help facilitate a meeting for me with the charity and the Department of Health and Social Care?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising this important issue and reminding the House of the impact that it has.
I can certainly arrange that meeting so that we can take it further forward.
My constituents are anxious about the financial situation at Durham county council.
The Tories’ unfair funding formula has hollowed out essential public services such as social care, while demand has been increasing.
What assurances can the Prime Minister give me that essential services will be restored and that a new funding formula will be genuinely fair, focusing on the needs of my constituents, especially the most vulnerable?
My hon.
Friend highlights yet another failing of the last Government.
Successive years of underfunding have left councils experiencing significant budget pressures, and that is felt by constituents, residents   and individuals across the country.
This Government will clear up the mess and get councils back on their feet.
Multi-year funding settlements will partly help to allow longer-term work to be done.
But we recognise the importance of councils, which know their communities best.
With greater stability, we can support them in ensuring that the services that they provide get to the people who need them.
In April, more than 50 homes and businesses in Gosport found themselves underwater when Storm Pierrick hit; some people have still not been able to return to their properties.
This has now been upgraded to a one-in-20-year risk.
We have still not had a decision from the Environment Agency about flood and coastal erosion risk management funding, for which we have applied.
Despite requests, I have still been unable to secure a meeting with the Prime Minister’s DEFRA team.
Winter is coming and my constituents are worried.
When is he going to grip this?
This is a really important issue in terms—[Interruption.]
Look, we are not going to take lessons from the Conservative party.
Year after year, we visited constituencies and areas that were flooded because there had been a failure to take adequate protection.
What I said in the election campaign was that we would set up a flood resilience taskforce to get ahead of the issue.
We will do that, and I will ensure that the hon.
Lady can get such further information as she needs.
October is Black History Month, and the theme this year is “Reclaiming Narratives”.
I thank you, Mr Speaker, for the event that you are putting on in your apartments with The Temptations, and the Prime Minister—[Laughter.]
The Temptations tribute band.
The Prime Minister will be having an event at No.10 this evening.
Does he agree that it is important that we continue to have a debate on the Floor of the House in Government time on Black History Month?
I am not sure that something labelled “Temptations” is quite where I need to go at the moment—[Laughter.]
But this is a really important initiative.
It is important that it is being marked and I am very pleased to be hosting the event this evening, to which I think my hon.
Friend is coming.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland if he will make a statement on the Northern Ireland city deals.
As the Chancellor set out in July, the Government have inherited a £22 billion black hole in the public finances.