Can the Minister confirm that that funding will continue?
I assure the right hon.
Lady that we are absolutely determined to encourage our women and girls to take part in sport and physical activity—something that falls off all too often as girls reach their  teenage years.
In my work in the Department for Education, through the curriculum and assessment review, we are looking at what more schools can do, and going beyond that, we are working with sporting bodies to deliver more.
Accessible transport is a major challenge for my constituents, especially accessing rail stations on the Tyne valley railway line.
Will the Minister work with the Department for Transport to ensure that Great British Railways puts disabled access at the heart of its plans?
Yes, we will.
Accessibility is at the heart of the Government’s passenger-focused approach, and with a unified rail network, we will be able to meet accessibility needs more reliably and consistently and plan how best to improve accessibility across the entire network.
The Government have made a number of commitments on the implementation of the Cass review.
Will they commit themselves to ensuring that trans people do have access to the healthcare that they need, and to ensuring that waiting lists are brought down as soon as possible?
The hon.
Member is right to draw attention to the very long waiting lists currently experienced by many people.
I know that the Health Secretary is focusing on the issue, as well as on LGBT health more broadly—indeed, on health for everyone—as part of our mission to get the NHS off the floor and off its knees and working for everyone in the country.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 9 October.
Earlier this week, the House marked the first anniversary of the horrific attacks on  7 October , and I take this opportunity to reiterate that the hostages must be released.
I also reiterate our call for an immediate ceasefire in Gaza and Lebanon.
This week, the Government will deliver on our promise to the British people of the biggest upgrade of workers’ rights in a generation.
The employment rights Bill will ensure that work pays; it will forge a new partnership with business, and reset the dreadful industrial relations that have cost our economy and our national health service so much in recent years.
We are also preparing for the international investment summit next week, which will bring hundreds of global chief executive officers to the United Kingdom and unlock billions of pounds of investment.
This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in the House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
The commitment of £400 million for a new hospital at Watford General was one of the many brilliant things that the last Conservative Government did, along with my good friend Dean Russell, the former Member of Parliament for Watford.
It would have been life-changing as well as lifesaving for so many of my constituents.
Why is the Prime Minister cancelling that funding commitment, and spending billions of pounds on giving pay rises to train drivers instead?
Because the promise of 40 new hospitals did not involve 40 and did not involve hospitals, they were not new, and they were not funded.
One of the biggest issues in my constituency is poor access to GP services.
Our GP satisfaction rate is 15% below the national average.
I thank the Government for their focus on improving the situation.
What are they doing to ensure that everyone in West Bromwich can actually see their GP?
The most visible sign of the failure of the last Government was the NHS.
We are going to expand the role of community pharmacies and accelerate the roll-out of independent prescribers.