I seek further reassurances from the Secretary of State that the people of Northern Ireland will not be overlooked in the Budget.
I absolutely recognise the uncertainty that this has created and, as I have indicated, I will be meeting the chief executives of the two deals very shortly.
Given the uncertainty while we await the outcome of the first phase of the spending review, the particular problem that they face is that a lot of effort goes into progressing these deals with the private partners, because the money comes from the Government and from the Northern Ireland Executive in the form of match funding, and then other partners, including the local councils, and they do find themselves in a difficult position— I will not hide from that.
The only other thing I would say is that those two deals are much further back in the process than those for Belfast and Derry; for the Causeway Coast and Glens deal the heads of terms had been signed in April of this year, and for the Mid South West deal the terms had yet to be signed—I think they were due last month.
Then there is a further process under which the programme of the deal itself is developed to then get to the stage that Derry reached on  18 September , when the financial agreement is signed and then the business case and the projects are unlocked.
So I recognise that it is difficult and, as I have already indicated to the councils, I will continue to argue for the cause of these deals.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The four city and growth deals for Northern Ireland are critical mechanisms in revitalising industries and creating new economic opportunities across key regions in Northern Ireland.
The pause in UK Government funding has caused, by the Secretary of State’s own admission, uncertainty, anxiety and lost impetus in key investment projects under the city and growth deals framework.
The Mid South West deal represents over £250 million of investment across the region.
The decision to allow projects in Belfast and Derry to proceed while pausing those in the Mid South West and Causeway regions risks reproducing the very imbalances that these deals were designed to tackle, widening inequities and inequalities across Northern Ireland.
I have had the opportunity to speak to  the hon.
Member for Lagan Valley (Sorcha Eastwood) , who brought to my attention the risks posed to the agri-bio innovation centre in Dromore by the Government’s withdrawal of secure funding.
Therefore, on behalf of Northern Irish businesses, councils and residents, especially those in the poorest regions, I ask the Secretary of State the following questions.
What actions are the Government taking to mitigate those regional economic imbalances and to tackle inequalities, especially in the Mid South West, and what assurances can be provided that rural areas will not be forgotten, again especially in the Mid South West and the Causeway Coast?
Order.
You are allowed one minute and you are now well over that, so I am sure you are coming to the end this very second.
Sorry, Mr Speaker.
I will end there, with thanks.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman, whom I welcome to his post—this is, I think, the first time we have faced each other.
He makes a fair point about the areas covered by the two deals that have been paused, and the contrast between them and Derry and Strabane, and Belfast.
It is important that, in the end, we see economic growth right across Northern Ireland, so I do not dissent from his proposition, but the reason we are in this difficulty is the legacy that this Government have found.
Any responsible Chancellor must, in the circumstances, find a way of straightening out the public finances, which were left to us in a really bad state.
My right hon.