We will always remember them.
Today we are also home to the largest Nepalese community in the UK.
The Gurkhas have served our country with outstanding bravery over generations, and I look forward to serving them and advocating for them in this place.
As well as our military heritage, my community has a rich cultural history.
We hosted the Olympic games in 1948, when events were held in the Aldershot lido, where I now take my daughters swimming.
We were the setting for several Bond films, the place where Charlie Chaplin made his stage debut, and where The Beatles gave their first performance in the south of England.
We need to shout loudly and proudly about the great things that have happened and continue to happen in our constituency, and that is something I will always try to do.
There is Farnborough football club, whose women’s team are league champions and cup winners after their first ever season, and Aldershot Town—the Shots—who recently became the first football club to receive the Ministry of Defence gold award for upholding the armed forces covenant.
There are great charities such as Step By Step, the Grub Hub, Yateley Industries, our Rotary clubs, the Vine Centre, and many more I could mention.
They are all making a tremendous difference.
And the world still comes to do business at the Farnborough air show every two years.
But for everything that is right with our community, I know from countless conversations on the doorsteps that many of my neighbours question whether our best days still lie ahead of us.
I take that really seriously.
I am ambitious for our towns—these communities that have played such a role in our national endeavour—and I believe that if we can bring people together, we can bring new opportunities to our home, breathe new life into our town centres, and realise our incredible potential.
I am ready to play my part in that and hope others will join me.
Let me end with a promise, because as I begin my term I have found some inspiration in the work of the Royal Corps of Transport, which was based in Aldershot for many decades.
These men and women kept our Army moving across land, air and sea, and their work continues today through the Royal Logistics Corps.
They went by the motto “Nothing without labour”, and that serves as a reminder to me that everything we discuss in this Chamber, and everything we hope to achieve for our constituencies, begins and ends with hard work—struggle, toil, effort, doing our best.
For as long as I have the privilege of representing my home in this place, I can promise that hard work is the very least that my constituents will get from me, every single day.
With permission, I would like to make a statement about the Government’s support for film making in the UK.
Film is one of the great British success stories of the last 30 years.
Ever since Gordon Brown created the film tax credit back in 2007, this amazing industry has created jobs and growth across the UK and flown the flag for British creativity across the world.
Our Government have huge ambition for the film sector, and today we are introducing secondary legislation that will put rocket boosters under this growing industry and unlock the potential of our incredible independent film sector.
The UK has some special advantages that give us a natural competitive edge.
Thanks to the creativity and imagination of our authors, playwrights and publishers, we have some of the best stories to tell and take to the screen, helped by some of the best story tellers in the world—the directors, scriptwriters and cinematographers —and against some of the most incredible backdrops, from the Welsh valleys to the north-east coastline, as well as acting talent that is second to none and that breathes life into those stories.