Well, he did at the beginning of his question a moment ago.
Listen on!
It is a shame the Opposition cannot celebrate Britain’s success under this Government.
Of course we have to take tough decisions, but when investment is pouring in as it has been in recent weeks, when the NHS strikes are coming to an end, when houses are getting built and when we are delivering the biggest upgrade of workers’ rights in a generation, it is time for them to accept that we are fixing the foundations.
While they fight among themselves in the comfort zone of unfunded promises, threatening to scrap the minimum wage, we are going to get on with the job of clearing up the mess they made and creating the better country that people are crying out for.
Cancer is hard on the patient and on their family, as my family knows all too well this year.
Will the Prime Minister commit to doing all he can to improve research, early diagnosis and patient care for those with cancer?
Will he join me in thanking the NHS staff who have looked after my dad in recent weeks and the thousands of cancer patients like him in Newcastle-under-Lyme and up and down our United Kingdom?
I was sorry to hear about my hon.
Friend’s father, and I think we would all pass him our best wishes.
Cancer is another example of the dreadful state the last Government left the NHS in.
The Darzi report, published just a few weeks ago, showed that some cancer standards have not been met since 2015 and that no progress was made in diagnosing cancer at stage 1 and stage 2 between 2013 and 2021.
I am really pleased that we have just announced a £6.4 million research network, developing new AI software to identify cancer early.
We will get the NHS catching cancer on time, diagnosing it earlier and treating it faster.
I call the leader of the Liberal Democrats, Sir Ed Davey.
Across this House, we all agree that we need to get our economy growing strongly again so that we can improve people’s lives and raise the money for our public services.
The Liberal Democrats believe that one of the best ways of doing that is to improve our relationship with our European neighbours on things like trade, and I welcome the fact that the Prime Minister has made that a priority in his first few weeks, but what I just do not understand is that he has ruled out negotiating a youth mobility scheme with our European partners.
This could be so good for young people, for businesses and for re-establishing that relationship.
Will he reconsider?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right: we do need a better deal with the EU than the bad deal we got under the last Government.
That is why I was pleased to meet the President of the Commission last week to talk about how we can improve on the deal.
In our manifesto we had clear red lines about the single market, the customs union and freedom of movement, and we will negotiate with those red lines in place.
I am disappointed about the youth mobility scheme—maybe we can come back to that—but the Prime Minister is right to say that one of the many problems for our economy coming from the dreadful Brexit deal is the red tape that has been put on businesses.
There are many examples of that, but a new example came to me earlier this week.
It affects fishermen in the Falklands, who are having to pay huge amounts in tariffs to be able to sell their produce into the European market, or sail under a Spanish flag.
When the Prime Minister renegotiates the trade deal, can he remember the overseas territories and ensure that British citizens fishing off the Falklands can sail proudly under the Union Jack?