Has the Government Equalities Office made any assessment of the potential disproportion-ate impact on disabled households of cutting the winter fuel allowance?
Equality analysis was released in September, and the Government carried out our statutory duties in doing so, but I recognise the wider concerns that the hon.
Member raises, especially around the additional costs faced by many disabled people.
That is why the Minister for Energy Consumers, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Peckham (Miatta Fahnbulleh)  recently met suppliers to address some of these issues.
I encourage all those who need extra support to sign up to the priority services register.
Disabled people are also concerned about the use of artificial intelligence in Departments under the previous Government, including within the Department for Work and Pensions.
Given the recent United Nations report on AI governance, what discussions has the Minister  had with other colleagues across different Departments on the equity principles that will be integrated in the Government’s use of AI?
Discussions are ongoing across government, including with my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology.
There are wider opportunities and challenges that technology presents us, and we want to ensure we get the balance right.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Further to the question that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Carshalton and Wallington (Bobby Dean)  asked, DWP statistics show that 45% of people over the state pension age have a disability.
As we have already heard, they can face hugely inflated energy costs because of the need for equipment such as stair lifts, extra fridges or oxygen tanks, all of which demand electricity.
In the discussions that the Minister has outlined, have the Government given any consideration to the introduction of a social tariff to help mitigate the extra costs that disabled people face in this country?
The hon.
Lady will recognise the difficult state of the public finances that we inherited and the tough choices that were necessary to stabilise our economy.
Those decisions were not easy.
My hon.
Friend the Minister for Energy Consumers is leading on much of this work to ensure we secure a fairer deal for all consumers, because we want to ensure that all support is targeted at the most vulnerable groups who need support this winter.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help tackle violence against women and girls.
What discussions she has had with the Secretary of State for the Home Department on violence against women and girls.
What discussions she has had with the Secretary of State for the Home Department on violence against women and girls.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help tackle violence against women and girls.
My colleagues and I are working closely together to tackle the national emergency of violence against women and girls and to deliver our mission to halve violence against women and girls in a decade.
We have begun our work to make streets, homes and workplaces safer for women by announcing that domestic abuse specialists will be placed in emergency control rooms and that adult victims of rape in England and Wales will get access to free legal advocates.
I, like many mothers, had to bring up my daughters to be cautious of men and their motives, language and behaviour.
Sadly, many of our daughters still have to learn the hard way, with one of mine taking years to recover from the assault she experienced as a schoolchild.
Misogynistic attitudes and behaviours are often learned, tolerated and reinforced while in school.
In recent times, social media influencers are driving that, embedding women hatred into our culture.
How are the Government tackling this rising challenge in schools, and will that be embedded into the curriculum across all ages?
I completely agree with my hon.