Friend is coming.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland if he will make a statement on the Northern Ireland city deals.
As the Chancellor set out in July, the Government have inherited a £22 billion black hole in the public finances.
As a result, the Treasury is having to consider a range of measures to deal with this significant problem.
Last month, the Treasury informed the Northern Ireland Department of Finance that the UK Government’s contributions to the Mid South West deal and the Causeway Coast and Glens deal would now be considered as part of the spending review.
The Belfast regional city deal and the Derry/Londonderry and Strabane city deal are unaffected and proceeding as planned.
Since the announcement of the pause on those two deals, I have met with the First Minister, the Deputy First Minister, the Chief Secretary to the Treasury and the Northern Ireland Finance Minister.
I will also be meeting the chief executives of those two deals shortly.
Everyone in Northern Ireland understands the importance of the city deals to economic growth and encouraging investment, and this Government are committed to working with the Northern Ireland Executive and businesses to make the most of the huge economic opportunities that now lie ahead.
That is shown by the progress being made on the Belfast region city deal and the Derry/Londonderry and Strabane city deal.
I attended the Derry/Londonderry and Strabane city deal signing on  18 September .
The UK Government’s £105 million investment will help to progress transformative innovation, digital and health projects, which will build on the region’s well-established research excellence.
The Chancellor will set out the results of the first phase of the spending review on  30 October , which will include an update on the two outstanding city deals.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
As the House will know, on the evening of  Friday 13 September —the day after we went into recess—the Government took it upon themselves to make a number of announcements affecting Northern Ireland: the cancellation of the Casement Park project; the decision that Sean Brown’s family will not be given a public inquiry into his murder; and the subject of this urgent question, the pausing of four Northern Ireland city deals.
It is quite something to instantaneously unite all the political parties in Northern Ireland, but that was the feat achieved by the Government on the evening of Friday the 13th.
The House will be aware of how crucial the city deals are, providing significant investment to boost economic growth, create jobs and enhance infrastructure and bringing together Westminster, Belfast, local councils and private investment.
We are pleased that the following day, after considerable confusion, the Government U-turned and announced that the Belfast region city deal and the Derry and Strabane city deal would go ahead, but the  other two regional growth deals—the Causeway Coast and Glens deal and the Mid South West deal—now sit in limbo.
Critically, those deals cover areas that have not had the same levels of investment in recent years as big cities.
One need only look at the empty shops in Enniskillen and Armagh to understand that these deals are badly needed.
Can the Secretary of State tell the House why was the decision to pause taken at such a time and why was it announced in such a way?
Following that announcement, why was there then a U-turn on two of the deals but not the other two?
What criteria were used to make that decision?
The Secretary of State has referred to money.
He knows that the so-called black hole, for which the Government have provided no breakdown, is partially of Labour’s making, given the above-inflation pay rise that it has chosen to award to the unions.