There are many examples of that, but a new example came to me earlier this week.
It affects fishermen in the Falklands, who are having to pay huge amounts in tariffs to be able to sell their produce into the European market, or sail under a Spanish flag.
When the Prime Minister renegotiates the trade deal, can he remember the overseas territories and ensure that British citizens fishing off the Falklands can sail proudly under the Union Jack?
My uncle nearly lost his life when his ship was torpedoed defending the Falklands.
They are British, and they will remain British.
The sovereignty of Gibraltar is equally not to be negotiated.
Of course, we will do everything we can to make it easier for all businesses to trade more freely so that we can grow our economy, but I have been very clear about the Falklands.
It is personal to me.
Conservative-led Derbyshire county council is proposing to cut adult day centres and care homes across Derbyshire.
My constituent Pat was diagnosed with dementia in 2016.
The Jubilee centre in New Mills is a lifeline for her and her family.
She always returns happier, less confused and less anxious.
For David, her partner and main carer, it provides vital respite.
Pat and David do not know how they will survive without it.
Will the Prime Minister join me in asking the Conservatives on Derbyshire county council to think again and to oppose these devastating cuts to older people and their families?
I am shocked to hear of the impact on Derbyshire county council, which is proposing cutbacks to adult social care.
Councils across the country were on the frontline of the last Government’s ruinous economic failure, which has left people who rely on services counting the cost.
There is no quick fix, but we will provide councils with more stability and certainty through multi-year funding settlements, ensuring that councils can properly plan their finances for the future.
We will work with local leaders to deliver this.
Does the Prime Minister have any sense of unease that, although he is Prime Minister of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, there are more than 300 areas of law in Northern Ireland in which legislation is made in a foreign Parliament?
Has he any ambition to recover UK sovereignty over those 300 areas of law, thereby restoring the equal citizenship of my constituents and ending their disen-franchising in respect of making laws that govern much of their economy?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising that important issue.
The Windsor framework was negotiated by the last Government.
We supported it, and we continue to support it.
We will work to make sure it is implemented properly and fully.
One in two children in my constituency lives in poverty after housing costs are taken into account, so I welcome the Government’s commitment to tackling child poverty, but we all know that every year of poverty has a long-term impact.
When does the Prime Minister expect the welcome child poverty taskforce to report so that we can see action?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her important question.
It is appalling that child poverty has gone up by 700,000 since 2010, after the last Labour Government did so much to bring it down.
Tackling this is at the heart of our mission to break down the barriers to opportunity.
The taskforce is developing a strategy to reduce child poverty, and it will be published in the spring of next year.
The Prime Minister’s decision to impose VAT on independent schools strips hard-working families of the ability to choose what is best for their children, while risking job losses for teachers, increasing class sizes and squeezing state school resources to their absolute limit.
What action is he taking to mitigate these impending threats if he is not undertaking an impact assessment to understand them?