What are they doing to ensure that everyone in West Bromwich can actually see their GP?
The most visible sign of the failure of the last Government was the NHS.
We are going to expand the role of community pharmacies and accelerate the roll-out of independent prescribers.
We need much more care to be delivered in local communities so that problems can be spotted earlier, and we will train thousands more GPs.
We were elected to change the country, and that means getting the NHS back on its feet.
My right hon.
Friend the Chancellor will have much more to say about that in the Budget—about fixing the foundations of our economy so that we can put money in people’s pockets, fix our public services and rebuild Britain.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
Tomorrow, the Government will publish their anticipated changes to employment law.
Given the weekend’s events, when did the Prime Minister first become a convert to fire and rehire?
I am very pleased and proud that tomorrow we will publish the Bill that will mean the biggest upgrade of workers’ rights in a generation.
That will do two things: first it will give people basic dignity at work, and secondly it will help to grow our economy—something on which the last Government absolutely failed for 14 long years.
When the Prime Minister talks about security at work, once again it is one rule for him and another rule for everyone else.
I know that not everything or everyone has survived his first 100 days in government, so can he confirm that when he promised not to raise income tax, national insurance or VAT, that commitment applies to both employer and employee national insurance contributions?
As the right hon.
Gentleman well knows, I am not going to get drawn on decisions that will be set out.
We made an absolute commitment to not raise tax on working people.
He, of course, was  the expert’s expert on raising taxes, and what did we get in return for it?
We got a broken economy, broken public services and a £22 billion black hole in the economy.
We are here to stabilise the economy, and we will do so.
I don’t think that even Lord Alli is buying any of that nonsense.
I am not asking about the Budget; I am asking specifically about the promise that the Prime Minister made to the British people.
So let me ask him again just to clarify his own promise: does his commitment not to raise national insurance apply to both employee and employer national insurance contributions?
We set out our promises in our manifesto.
We were returned with a huge majority to change the country for the better, and I stick to my promises in the manifesto.
But I notice that the right hon.
Gentleman is on question three, and he has not yet welcomed the investment into this country.
We have had in recent months £8 billion from Amazon for jobs across the country, £10 billion from Blackstone for jobs across the north-east, £22 billion on carbon capture for jobs in the north-east and north-west, and £500 million for UK buses in Northern Ireland.
While we are investing in our economy, what are Conservative Members doing?
They are arguing about whether to scrap maternity pay.
I am very happy to welcome investments that my Government negotiated, but when it comes to the Prime Minister’s answer on tax, businesses across the country would have found his answer just about as reassuring as Sue Gray found it when he promised to protect her job.
It is no wonder that confidence is plummeting on his watch, which he did not mention.
Turning to another commitment, before the election his Chancellor said that changing the debt target in the fiscal rules would be tantamount to “fiddling the figures”.
Does he still agree with the Chancellor?
The right hon.