I thank the hon.
Lady for her warm words of welcome at the beginning.
I think that is perhaps the beginning and end of the consensus that we might be able to reach today.
If I may, I will highlight a few areas where we are in agreement.
First, I think we are in agreement that today’s announcement is a thoroughly good thing for the British film industry.
Secondly, I think we are in agreement that a number of the initiatives that this Government are taking forward—including the football Bill that she referenced and various other issues relating to the competitiveness of our creative industries on the global stage—are welcome and should receive cross-party support.
The hon.
Lady mentioned the fact that the Conservative Government brought in this independent film tax credit at the last Budget.
If that were true, we would not be needing to legislate today.
The truth is that the Conservative Government did what the Conservative Government did for 14 years: they talked a good game and then did  absolutely nothing to deliver for the people of this country.
She says that we voted against film tax credits, but the truth, as she well knows, is that we did not vote against them.
They were our idea and our initiative in 2007.
In fact, it was her party that opposed them in the first place.
If they had had their way in 2007, our British film industry would not be where it is today, which is rivalling Hollywood as one of the best film industries in the world.
She knows full well that we supported every one of the measures that, after years of opposing them—they had to be dragged kicking and screaming by the film industry—the Conservatives belatedly came to support.
She also knows that we voted against successive Conservative Finance Bills because, as we are discovering now that we have had a chance to open the books, there was no money attached to any of the measures.
It was a hoax and a con trick practised on the British people.
I have a great deal of respect for the hon.
Lady, and I am grateful to her not just for her welcome today and her warm words but for the support that she and others on the Opposition Benches have given me and the team to take up the mantle.
But if I had left a sector with 25,000 vacancies that it could not fill, a legacy of creativity being erased from our communities and our classrooms and, most of all, a £22 billion economic black hole that working-class people are paying the price for up and down the country—all of that—and then had such a resounding rejection from the electorate only a few months ago, I would be speaking with a little bit more humility from the Dispatch Box.
The Minister for Women and Equalities was asked—
What discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on the potential impact of the cost of energy on disabled people.
We understand that energy bills are a concern for many people.
We believe that the only way to protect bill payers permanently, including disabled people, is to accelerate the green transition to home-grown clean energy.
We continue to work closely with energy suppliers to ensure that vulnerable customers are supported.
In my constituency of Carshalton and Wallington, Scope research estimates that disabled households face bills of up to £1,500 a month more than the average household.
We also know that disabled households are much less likely to claim the benefits that they are entitled to.
Has the Government Equalities Office made any assessment of the potential disproportion-ate impact on disabled households of cutting the winter fuel allowance?
Equality analysis was released in September, and the Government carried out our statutory duties in doing so, but I recognise the wider concerns that the hon.
Member raises, especially around the additional costs faced by many disabled people.