Turning to another commitment, before the election his Chancellor said that changing the debt target in the fiscal rules would be tantamount to “fiddling the figures”.
Does he still agree with the Chancellor?
The right hon.
Gentleman is literally the man who was in charge of the economy.
Over 14 years, the Conservatives crashed the economy.
What did they leave?
A £22 billion black hole in the economy.
Unlike them, we will not walk past it.
We will fix it, and it is only because we are stabilising the economy that we are getting investment into this country.
I notice that he has still not really talked about that investment.
We are powering ahead with clean British energy, changing the rules to build 1.5 million homes and returning railways to public ownership, and the Conservatives have nothing to say about any of it.
On debt, we left the Government the second lowest debt in the G7.
As the Institute for Fiscal Studies has said—[Interruption.]
Order.
I will hear the Leader of the Opposition.
As the Institute for Fiscal Studies has said, it is
“hard to escape the suspicion”
that the Government are attracted to this change because
“it would allow for significantly more borrowing”.
The Chancellor previously said that this change would be “fiddling the figures”, so I have a simple question: does the Prime Minister still agree with the Chancellor?
I see the right hon.
Gentleman is back to his old script of, “They’ve never had it so good.”
It did not work so well at the election, so it might be time to change that.
I am not going to get drawn on issues for the Budget, just as he would not when he stood at this Dispatch Box.
Meanwhile, we are investing and we are building the NHS so that it is fit for the future and back on its feet, with better opportunities for young people and protections at work.
After 14 years of Tory failure, we are giving the country its future back, and that is the difference that Labour delivers.
It is clear that the Prime Minister has opened the door to raising employer national insurance contributions, including on pensions, and fiddling the figures so that he can borrow more.
He talks about what he has achieved, but economic confidence is plummeting, growth is now stalling and the UK’s borrowing costs are rising on his watch.
Can I close on another important topic?
Yesterday’s intervention from the head of MI5 will have been sobering for the whole House, not least his warning that Britain faces the most complex and interconnected threats in our country’s history.
I know the Prime Minister will agree that our security services are owed a debt of gratitude for what they do to keep us safe, but can he confirm that the forthcoming terrorism Bill will give our security services the powers they need to tackle evolving threats?
I can assure him of our constructive support on these vital questions of national security, in the same spirit that he provided that support to me.
I can confirm that we will give the security forces and services the powers that they need, and I hope that that is a shared objective across the House.
They do an incredibly important job for us.
But the right hon.
Gentleman talks about the economy, and it is a real shame that the Opposition cannot simply —[Interruption.]
Well, he did at the beginning of his question a moment ago.
Listen on!
It is a shame the Opposition cannot celebrate Britain’s success under this Government.