I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I extend my condolences, and those of my party, to the shadow Leader of the House on the passing of his father—he sounds like an amazing man who will be missed not just by the right hon.
Gentleman, but by many across the country.
Yesterday, in response to a question about welfare reform from the Mother of the House, the Prime Minister highlighted the importance of getting young people into work.
He said:
“I think that one in eight young people not being in education or training…is a moral issue.
”—[Official Report,  19 March 2025 ; Vol.
764, c. 348.]
I could not agree more about the importance of education and training, but I gently suggest that some of the Government’s own policies are fighting against that.
Anglia Ruskin University has a campus in the heart of my Chelmsford constituency.
Its relatively new medical school is doing fabulous work teaching the doctors and medical professionals of the future—members of the workforce that we desperately need in our NHS.
It is doing that in new ways.
When I visited ARU just a few weeks ago, I met three of the 25 apprentices taking part in the only medical doctor apprenticeship of its kind in the country.
That apprenticeship is aimed at getting more young people from disadvantaged backgrounds into medicine, and it is structured in such an innovative way that those apprentices will remain in their local area to complete their foundation training.
That means that they will have a familiar local support system around them as they progress.
It is an excellent programme, and exactly what we need to recruit, train and retain young medical professionals.
But it is a level 7 apprenticeship, and the Government are scrapping them.
As this is clearly a moral issue for the Prime Minister, will the Leader of the House ask the Government to think again, and provide hope that brilliant programmes such as that can continue?
I thank the hon.
Member for that question, and for passing on her condolences to the shadow Leader of the House.
She is right that getting young people into work is a priority for the Government, and it is important for the country that we do so.
We need to reform the apprenticeship system so that more apprenticeships are available for young people, but that is not the system we inherited.
In the system we inherited, the apprenticeship levy was underused and underspent, and apprenticeship starts were falling.
That is why we are creating Skills England and reforming the apprenticeship levy, so that the young people she talks about can get the help they need.
Notwithstanding the case the hon.
Lady raises, I am sure that she will recognise that the vast majority of level 7 apprenticeships were being used by people later in their careers, who already had degrees and who wanted management training, so we have had to look at whether that is sustainable and right.
However, she raises an important point about a scheme in the university in her constituency.
We need to get more young people into medicine, especially those from disadvantaged backgrounds, and I will ensure that that particular offering is looked at and that she gets a full reply.
May I, too, offer my condolences to the shadow Leader of the House?
I concur with what he said: as a Parliament, we are better when we collaborate.
I want to raise a constituency issue.
Trade union reps do a fantastic job representing their colleagues, communities and professions.
However, a rep at a school in York has been suspended for carrying out trade union activities and raising employment rights.
Will the Leader of the House raise this grievous matter with Cabinet colleagues?
Our reps working in public services should not be suspended for raising concerns about issues such as funding across our education system.