I hope that the right hon.
Gentleman and other Members are taking the opportunity to feed their experiences and those of their constituents into his call for evidence, and I would be happy to arrange for the right hon.
Gentleman to meet an appropriate Minister to discuss his concerns.
I get so many people in North West Leicestershire telling me about the toxic sewage pouring into their waterways, such as in the brook near Donington le Heath.
Will the Secretary of State assure me that, unlike the previous Government, when he says that he will hold the water bosses to account, he means it?
Absolutely.
That is why we have passed—and my hon.
Friend will have voted for—the Water (Special Measures) Act, which gives the regulator the power they need to hold those water bosses to account so that instead of paying themselves multimillion-pound bonuses they do not deserve, that money is spent where it should be spent: on fixing our broken sewage system, so that we can cut the sewage flows that are polluting our rivers up and down the country.
What estimate he has made of the number of farmers affected by changes to agricultural and business property reliefs.
Around 500 claims each year will be impacted.
Our reforms will mean that farmers will pay a reduced inheritance tax rate of 20%, rather than the standard 40%, and payments can be spread over 10 years interest free.
Farm-owning couples can pass on up to £3 million without paying inheritance tax.
In our view, this is a fair and balanced approach, and should be seen against the backdrop of the Government committing £5 billion for farming over two years—the largest budget directed at sustainable food production and nature’s recovery in our country’s history.
I am starting to feel like DEFRA Ministers are purposefully ignoring me and Devon’s farming community.
I have given the Secretary of State since early December to answer my letters and my invitations to meet with Devon’s farming community, in order to explain how changes to agricultural property relief and business property relief are going to affect them.
At the last DEFRA questions, I called out the Secretary of State for not replying to any of my requests.
The Minister for food, farming and fisheries replied from the Dispatch Box that
“I would love to meet farmers in Devon, so I am happy to add him to the list for my grand tour across the country to reassure people that there is a strong plan to ensure that farmers have a viable future”.—[Official Report,  6 February 2025 ; Vol.
761, c. 909.]
So far, those platitudes have gone unrealised.
With less than a month until these changes take effect, Devon’s farmers are still in the dark about how the changes are going to affect them.
If this is how Ministers treat  fellow MPs, is it any wonder that farmers up and down the country feel completely abandoned by this Labour Government?
I hear the hon.
Gentleman’s complaint, but I have been to Devon in my role before, and I will come to Devon again.
I am always happy to meet farmers.
I have spent quite a lot of time at this Dispatch Box answering questions from Conservative Members, so perhaps fewer questions will mean more time to go out and meet farmers.
I call the shadow Minister.
Back in November, the farming Minister unbelievably said from the Government Dispatch Box that it was striking how many people were coming up to him at farming events and saying, “You’re right to be making these changes to APR and BPR.”
Conservative Members have been out and about all over the country; indeed, I was in Staffordshire, Warwickshire and Shropshire yesterday, and I have not found one farmer who thinks that he is right.