We are seeking powers to issue statutory fly-tipping enforcement guidance so we have a consistent and effective approach, but it is clear that the waste carriers, brokers and dealers, and the exemption permitting regimes, are not fit for purpose.
I have asked my officials to look at everything we can do to strengthen both of those.
Fly-tipping is a blight on our communities, but in Stoke-on-Trent, our Labour-led council has worked tirelessly to turn things around.
Under the Conservatives, residents were waiting for over a month for waste to be removed, but under the leadership of Jane Ashworth and Amjid Wazir, that response time is now under one week.
However, councils cannot tackle the issue alone, so will the Minister outline  what more the Government can do to support local councils to clamp down on fly-tipping, get tough on those who blight our streets, and create cleaner, greener communities for all?
It is interesting what a difference a change in council leadership makes.
I commend Councillor Ashworth and Councillor Wazir on their excellent work.
This Government will introduce mandatory digital waste tracking from April 2026, and I will update the House on progress in May 2025.
If people want their streets to be cleaned up, the answer is clear: vote Labour.
Fly-tipping is a real concern in my constituency of Woking, but I understand that the previous Government introduced new powers that enabled Woking borough council and other local authorities to strengthen their actions against people who fly-tip.
What impact have those measures had?
We have not assessed the impact, but I can tell the hon.
Gentleman the latest statistics for his own council.
There were more than 1,100 fly-tipping incidents, but just three fixed-penalty notices and no prosecutions.
Local councillors are clearly making choices.
We know that the latest statistics for fly-tipping show a rise of 6%, so it is clear that under the previous Government, this environmental crime was allowed to spiral out of control.
I encourage all councils—of whatever colour—to make good use of their enforcement powers.
Alas, the last Government did not take up my suggestion that the offenders be garrotted with their own intestines.
The first problem, however, is to catch them.
Is there any way that local authorities can be encouraged to take advantage of the collapse in price and improvement in quality of internet-connected cameras?
I think there would be some human rights implications with the garrotting option, but I share the right hon.
Gentleman’s passionate hatred for these environmental criminals.
He is a representative of the beautiful New Forest, where I have spent many happy holidays, and it really upsets me to see fly-tipping on ancient woodland run by the Forestry Commission.
These are precious and irreplaceable areas.
We have not looked at that part of his suggestion, but I am very happy to join forces with him and make it a cross-party mission that we sort the messes out once and for all.
Conservative-run East Sussex county council has introduced a booking system for the local tip in Eastbourne that will make it even more difficult for many people to get rid of their waste.
Many local campaigners are concerned that it will result in increased fly-tipping, specifically in areas such as Upperton in my constituency, and we have already seen it in Hartfield Square and Upperton Gardens.
How might the Minister be able to influence East Sussex county council to U-turn on its unpopular decision and to keep our community clean and free from fly-tipping?
All councils have been given an uplift under this Labour Government, so they have more money to be able to deal with the priorities of their  local communities, and I encourage them to think about where that money is spent.