I thank the hon.
Lady for raising this issue.
As I said, we are delivering a record £2.65 billon investment in building, maintaining and upgrading flood defences, and that money will be spent over the next two years.
We will shortly announce some of the projects that are going ahead in the next financial year, and next year we will announce even more.
There will be an announcement this year for the next financial year, and an announcement next year for the second half of the two-year record investment.
That shows out commitment to building, maintaining and improving flood defences up and down our country.
What steps he is taking to protect flood-prone communities in Cumbria.
As I may have already mentioned, we are putting in a record £2.65 billion investment to build, maintain and improve flood defences up and down the country, which shows this Government’s commitment to making sure that our communities and our farmland are protected from flooding.
I thank the Minister for her answer.
Communities in Cumbria have seen many devastating floods over the last two decades, but flood action groups in Keswick have worked hard with United Utilities to develop a scheme that uses Thirlmere reservoir as a storm water store, helping to prevent flooding in the town.
All agree that more could be done.
Although I applaud their work, I note that there is no statutory requirement for water companies to use their assets as flood defences.
Will the Minister look at how water companies’ assets can be used to prevent flooding across the country?
I am grateful not only for the work that my hon.
Friend’s action flood group does, but for the work that flood action groups do right across the whole of his constituency.
He raises an incredibly important and interesting issue.
In the Sir John Cunliffe review, we are fundamentally looking at the management of water right across entire catchment areas.
When we think about water management, we need to consider not only whether communities have enough water to meet their needs, but whether they have protection from flooding and drought.
A holistic way of dealing with some of the challenges we face is certainly one of the answers going forward.
My hon.
Friend has given a great example, and I would be happy to explore it further with him.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Conservative Government protected over 600,000 properties from flooding, introduced the £100 million frequently flooded allowance and committed to a £5.2 billion investment in flood protection.
However, we know that the mental health impacts of flooding remain long after the waters subside.
Rural communities face unique challenges, including outbreaks of diseases such as avian influenza and foot and mouth—a clear and worrying threat, given the recent cases in Germany and Hungary.
Unfortunately, this Labour Government are exacerbating such stresses with their family farm tax and by scrapping the farming resilience fund, which supports mental health.
Can the Minister confirm, for the sake of mental health, what support will be offered to rural communities in place of the scrapped fund?
That all started so well—we nearly managed to get through the question with me agreeing with the hon.
Gentleman.
He is quite right about this issue, which he has mentioned before.
I am in complete agreement with him about the impact of flooding on mental health, and I know that we all take it seriously.
We are investing £500,000 in mental health charities to support rural communities, but I completely recognise the devastation that flooding causes, and I am always happy to work with Members from across the House on how we can support people’s mental health.
If he will take steps to implement the provisions of the Environment Act 2021 on deforestation due diligence.
The biggest driver of deforestation worldwide is agricultural expansion,  particularly the production of a small number of commodities such as soy and palm oil.