The Water (Special Measures) Act 2025 is creating stronger regulation to hold water companies to account.
We have secured over £100 billion of private sector investment—the largest such investment in the water sector in its history—to upgrade our infrastructure.
Last week, the water Minister—my hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull West and Haltemprice (Emma Hardy) —and I toured the country from Windermere to the Wye, from Hampshire to Yorkshire, and from Suffolk and Northumbria to Somerset, to see where that investment will build new homes, create thousands of new jobs and boost local economies.
This is a cornerstone of our plan for change.
Things can only get cleaner.
In February, Lucy Manzano of the Dover Port Health Authority came before the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee and warned that if funding was not confirmed before the new financial year, checks at our borders would stop.
With the new financial year fast approaching and another case of  foot and mouth in Europe, will the Secretary of State confirm that the Government have finally secured that funding, or will we be more at risk in April?
We take border security extremely seriously.
That is why we have the BTOM—border target operating model—system, which we are very closely monitoring to make sure it is doing the work that it needs to do, and why we are investing money in the National Biosecurity Centre in Weybridge to ensure it does not fall into dilapidation, which is where it was heading under the previous Government.
The Conservative party allowed the rivers and lakes in my constituency to be polluted with raw sewage while water bills rose and rose.
Does the Secretary of State agree with me that, as he just said, after 14 years of Conservative neglect, things can only get cleaner?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Over the past 14 years, things only got filthier.
This Government will turn the tide.
Things will get cleaner thanks to the investment this Government are bringing in.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I welcome the Secretary of State back to the Chamber.
He has been in hiding for a week.
We were so worried about him that we were going to start a “Where’s Wally?”
competition.
The reason he has been in hiding is that he is ducking scrutiny of his dreadful decision to stop the sustainable farming incentive farm payment scheme immediately, without warning.
Conservative Members have been inundated with messages from farmers saying that businesses will not survive this latest assault by the Government.
How many farmers will be bankrupted as a result of the SFI stoppage?
There were, unfortunately, record levels of bankruptcies of farm businesses under the previous Government, in which the right hon.
Lady was a member of the Cabinet.
Under this Government, we have more money in the hands of more farmers through SFI than at any point under the previous Conservative Government.
This Government understand that when a budget has been fully allocated, you stop spending.
The party of Liz Truss prefers instead to keep spending, bankrupting the economy and sending mortgages spiralling.
That is not good for farmers, for the economy or for anyone.
The Secretary of State cannot find his way around a farmyard; he is certainly not speaking to farmers.
We Conservatives know that if the Government continue to tax, tax, tax businesses, they will break.
His answers show why we have seen cold fury in the countryside at his impotence in standing up to the Chancellor on compulsory purchase orders, the massive cuts to de-linked payments, the stopping of capital grants and SFI and, of course, the family farm fax.
Ahead of next week’s emergency Budget and spending review, and given that The Guardian seems to know more than he does, will the Secretary of State guarantee that his Government’s Budget will not face further swingeing cuts?