However, we want to see a statement from the International Development Minister on which programmes will be preserved and which ones will be cancelled.
At the moment, there are only two countries in the world—Afghanistan and Pakistan—where polio is still rife.
If we cut those programmes, the risk is that polio would rear its head again across the world and all the money we have invested would be wasted.
Can we have a statement next week on that particularly important subject?
Mr Blackman, you are the last person I should be chiding for using a Member’s name, not their constituency, in the Chamber.
Obviously I would never cross  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon) —of course not.
His criticism or praise is very important to me.
As ever,  the hon.
Member for Harrow East (Bob Blackman)  outlined some really important debates that the Backbench Business Committee is facilitating.
I will look very kindly on  Thursday 3 April  and on the Tuesday before the recess in the usual way, and I hope that our meetings can be rearranged very soon.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising the issue of the eradication of polio and for all his great leadership and work on this issue over many years.
It is an issue close to my heart: my mum had polio as a youngster, and she suffers from the consequences of that even today.
The Government strongly support global efforts to eradicate polio.
As he will know, decisions on the future of the overseas development aid budget are subject to the spending review, but I will absolutely ensure that his powerful and strong representation has been heard as part of those conversations.
My condolences to the shadow Leader of the House and his family.
As a physiotherapist prior to being elected to this place, I was delighted to welcome members of all 14 allied health professions to a roundtable in Parliament this week.
They account for about a third of the NHS’s entire workforce and work tirelessly to improve patient care.
Fundamentally, they all agree that allied health professions are sidelined and that their roles are often misunderstood.
Does my right hon.
Friend therefore agree that we should have a debate in Parliament on the importance of AHPs and the crucial work that they do in the NHS?
My hon.
Friend raises a really important matter.
It is good to see that she is taking her experience from her previous job as a physiotherapist and providing strong leadership here in the House on those issues.
She is absolutely right that AHPs provide a huge contribution to our NHS.
Without physiotherapists and others, we would not be able to get people well, fit and healthy again and able to continue with their life and their work, so I absolutely support her request for a debate.
My condolences to my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Hereford and South Herefordshire  (Jesse Norman) .
Interestingly, his comments and his eulogy to his father at this particular time bring into stark relief the absence in too many families of positive male role models for many young boys growing up.
We all ought to be concerned about that.
We have a real problem at the moment, because we have not really debated the use of slave labour in products in the UK.
There is a really interesting point here, because in America right now companies that have failed to interrogate their own supply chains are being sanctioned—not knowing is not good enough.
Many of them are actually in use in the UK, including three in particular.
A parent company, Donghai Jaisolar Technology, is being used at the Ministry of Defence; Hongyuan Green Energy, which has been sanctioned by the USA, is in use over here, and so is Jiangsu Micoe Solar Energy.
Other companies, such as Jinko Solar and Canadian Solar, are ever present, and they are all essentially guilty of the use of slave labour.