We will build, maintain and repair flood defences to better protect 52,000 properties by March 2026.
The flood defences in and around Greatham creek in my constituency of Hartlepool date back to the 19th century and are coming to the end of their usable life.
I am campaigning to secure the funding we need to realise the Environment Agency’s ambitious multimillion-pound plan to upgrade these defences and create a new habitat that extends biodiversity in that area.
Will the Minister commit to delivering that funding for Hartlepool?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this issue and for his recent letter.
He is right to be angry about the poor state of his flood defences, and I am sure his constituents value him as a local champion, raising that in the Chamber.
To rebuild after Conservative failure, we have had to urgently move £36 million into maintenance funding this year.
As I have mentioned, the projects to receive funding in the next financial year are being agreed and will be announced shortly.
Under the previous Government there was, prior to 2019, a strategy from Westminster to address flooding and coastal erosion across this great United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
All the regions were able to benefit from that, including my constituency of Strangford, where coastal erosion is a massive thing, taking away some of the major roads and thoroughfares.
Will the Minister consider renewing that strategy and starting it again, looking at all of the United Kingdom as one job lot?
That would thereby help us all to get the benefit in addressing coastal erosion and the flooding that  the hon.
Member for Hartlepool (Mr Brash)  referred to.
I thank the hon.
Member for raising his concerns about coastal erosion, and he is right.
It is a huge problem, and with climate change it is only set to get worse.
I completely recognise how it is impacting coastal communities.
His suggestion to bring together the different devolved Governments to discuss this issue is really interesting, so let me take that away.
rose—
The questions have to relate to Hartlepool’s flood defences.
I call the Chair of the Environmental Audit Committee.
The people of Chesterfield have great empathy with the people of Hartlepool, as we face exactly the same issues.
A new report by Public First shows that each year of flood events causes decade-long downward pressure on the economy worth up to £6 billion.
I am grateful that the Minister will shortly visit us in Chesterfield to see flood projects and vulnerabilities, but does she agree that there is acute need for projects like the one we require on the River Hipper, and the one required in Hartlepool?
It endangers the Government’s growth mission if we are not able to get these projects going.
I think we all have empathy with Hartlepool, so I encourage more people to ask questions on this issue.
I look forward to visiting my hon.
Friend’s constituency to find out more about the projects he mentions.
He is quite right to say—this is an argument that I hope we will all pursue ahead of the spring statement—that tackling flooding is a good, value-for-money investment, because it helps to protect our economy and ensure that we can have growth.
I call Wera Hobhouse, who I know is now anxious.
Like people in Hartlepool, we in Bath recognise that the Conservative Government left our flood defences in a poor state, and we welcome the extra funding that the Bath flood defence scheme has received.
However, we worry that it has come too late in a lot of cases.
Is there a timeline for when my Bath constituents will actually see improvements?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising this issue.
As I said, we are delivering a record £2.65 billon investment in building, maintaining and upgrading flood defences, and that money will be spent over the next two years.