Reports are now saying that in the Trump Administration’s latest move away from the security system that prevented a third world war until the collapse of the Soviet empire, America is proposing to give up the post of SACEUR and allow a European or Canadian—prior to annexation—to take it over.
May we have a statement about what the Government are doing to prevent such a dangerous and foolish outcome from proceeding?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right to say that our strength and security in this country, in Europe and across the world come from our very strong alliances with Europe and with America through NATO.
Our commitment to that is unwavering, and that has been a critical component of peace and security around the world over recent years.
I am sure he will appreciate that I will not provide a running commentary on the Trump Administration, but he will recognise that the Defence Secretary, the Foreign Secretary and indeed the Prime Minister have been incredibly forthcoming with updates and providing details to this House, and I will ensure that they continue to do so.
My sincere condolences go to the shadow Leader of the House.
Hundreds of thousands of households across this country live on unadopted estates.
They can be in that status for a great many years—I am hearing up to 10 years.
In my constituency of Warwick and Leamington, I have estates where certain streets have been built, for example by Taylor Wimpey, and residents are just charged council tax, but on other streets, perhaps built by Persimmon, residents are being charged not just council tax but a monthly fee.
Fortunately, my local Labour councillors are campaigning against companies such as FirstPort, because they see that as an absolute outright scam.
Can I therefore urge the Government to allow a meeting with the Housing Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Greenwich and Woolwich (Matthew Pennycook) , or indeed a debate?
I fear that this issue is being felt right across the country, and it is an absolute scandal.