The Government are taking decisive action to crack down on serious and violent crime right across the country, and to ensure that perpetrators of such offences are put behind bars.
As such, I welcome her strong support for the Crime and Policing Bill, which contains tough measures to tackle knife crime and other crime.
Sadly, Bedfordshire police recorded some of the highest knife crime rates in England in the year ending March 2024.
A robust and quick CPS response is key to delivering justice for victims and their families.
How are the Government ensuring that we increase prosecution rates for those serious offences to keep dangerous offenders off our streets?
My hon.
Friend raises a critical issue that affects communities in Bedfordshire and across the country.
An important part of the Government’s mission to make our streets safe is our commitment to halving knife crime in a decade.
We have implemented our ban on zombie-style knives and machetes, and we are moving forward with our plans to ban ninja swords later this year.
We know that more needs to be done to tackle the sale of knives and offensive weapons online, which is why we have recently announced Ronan’s law, which will include stricter rules for online knife sales.
Will the Leader of the House give us the business for next week?
I shall.
The business for the week commencing  24 March  includes:
Monday 24 March —Second Reading of the Planning and Infrastructure Bill.
Tuesday 25 March —If necessary, consideration of Lords amendments, followed by consideration of Lords amendments to the Non-domestic Rating (Multipliers and Private Schools) Bill, followed by consideration of Lords amendments to the Great British Energy Bill, followed by consideration of Lords amendments to the Terrorism (Protection of Premises) Bill, followed by motion to approve the draft National Minimum Wage (Amendment) Regulations 2025.
Wednesday 26 March —My right hon.
Friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer will make her spring statement, followed by remaining stages of the Tobacco and Vapes Bill.
Thursday 27 March —General debate on St Patrick’s day and Northern Irish affairs, followed by general debate on the 10th anniversary of the Modern Slavery Act 2015.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 28 March —Private Members’ Bills.
The provisional business for the week commencing  31 March  includes:
Monday 31 March —If necessary, consideration of Lords amendments, followed by remaining stages of the Institute for Apprenticeships and Technical Education (Transfer of Functions etc) Bill [Lords].
Tuesday 1 April —Second Reading of the Product Regulation and Metrology Bill [Lords].
I call the shadow Leader of the House.
Thank you very much indeed, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I hope that you and the House will excuse me if I start on a very personal note.
Almost exactly 24 hours ago, my father, Torquil Norman, died at the age of 91.
He was an extraordinary man.
He flew Seafires and Sea Furies during his national service in the Fleet Air Arm.
He created Polly Pocket, a toy that has brought unbelievable joy to many young people around the House and around the world.
He rebuilt the Roundhouse in Chalk Farm in London, not just as an incredible performing arts centre, but as a creative centre for young people from whatever background to be able to find their way into jobs.
The reason I mention that now is that my father stood for values that bear a wider consideration in this House and in our own lives—values of positivity and creativity.
He always said that the secret to success in the toy business was to have a mental age of seven and an eye for detail.
He had incredible energy but also amazing resilience and focus on the long term. “
Turn up at the finishing line” was one of his maxims.