She will understand that the court backlog is key; unfortunately, we inherited a record court backlog from the previous Government, and we have to tackle it.
The Lord Chancellor is taking a range of measures to get it down, so that victims will have the confidence that when they come forward they will have their day in court and justice will be done.
In Surrey alone there are 1,500 cases waiting to be heard in our Crown court, including 166 sexual offences against women and  girls.
Prosecutors have been telling victims that they have between two and five years to wait to get their day in court.
That is appalling.
Will the Solicitor General talk to the Ministry of Justice to reopen Woking’s court complex, which was closed by the Conservative Government, to provide greater legal capacity in Surrey?
The hon.
Member is right to suggest that the root causes of the backlog are a direct result of Conservative choices and inaction.
The previous Government closed more than 260 court buildings—in one year alone the Tories closed 84 magistrates courts—which clearly led to this considerable court backlog.
I am pleased to say that the Lord Chancellor is taking action on that backlog by funding 108,500 sitting days in the Crown courts and increasing magistrates courts’ sentencing powers.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to use technology to help improve efficiency in the criminal justice system.
New technology has the potential to bring transformative benefits to the criminal justice system, as indeed it does to public services more broadly.
The Government recognise that technology has the potential to radically enhance the way in which public services are delivered to the benefit of all of us and the public purse.
For example, the Serious Fraud Office is trialling technology to improve the speed and quality of its disclosure work.
The results have been promising.
The tech identifies relevant documents 40% more quickly than traditional methods.
I am pleased to say that it will be rolled out to more cases in the coming months.
My constituency is home to three prisons: Lindholme, Hatfield and Moorland.
Given the challenges faced in our local criminal justice system, particularly in managing caseloads in prisons and capacity, will the Solicitor General outline what specific technological innovations are being prioritised to speed up court processes and improve access to justice for victims and defendants?
The work to improve our public services has to include the better use of technology.
The Government are taking decisive action to enable law enforcement agencies and prosecuting authorities to harness innovative and cutting-edge technologies to reduce the court backlog, improve efficiency in the criminal justice system and lead to better outcomes for victims.
I am pleased to say that the Government Legal Department is providing leadership in this area through its artificial intelligence centre of excellence, which offers expert support to colleagues across Government.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
With shameful vandalism of buildings in Eastbourne’s Gildredge park and the torching of park benches in Shinewater park reflected across the country, we clearly need more tools to tackle such crimes in Eastbourne and beyond.
Technology is one of those tools.
Will the Solicitor General share with my constituents what tech the Government are set to deploy to help us address those crimes more efficiently through the criminal justice system?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for his question.
As I outlined, tech is incredibly important to help the entirety of the criminal justice system function better.
The CPS, for example, is committed to delivering more technology-enabled ways of working, including piloting digital jury bundles, which will help speed up the court process.
I have already mentioned the Serious Fraud Office, which is trialling technology in a number of different areas, including its case management system, and I have also spoken about the Government Legal Department.