I think we saw the Leader of the Opposition go to a whole other planet this week—Planet Zog, maybe, or I am sure there are many others.
My hon.
Friend is right that not only is tackling climate change important for the future of our climate, but it is vital to providing the jobs of the future that we need in this country and the energy security that will protect us from the likes of Putin in the future.
It also means that all of our constituents will have lower bills over the longer term, which is why the Leader of the Opposition’s announcement this week was a completely mad thing to do.
I send my condolences to the shadow Leader of the House.
His father sounds like an incredible man, and I certainly loved playing with my Polly Pocket, so I thank him for that lovely memory this morning.
Aplastic anaemia is a life-threatening blood disorder.
Although it is rare, it can affect hundreds across the country, but there is no information about it on NHS England’s website.
Sadly, the constituent who brought this issue to my attention, Mr Jenkins, has passed away from the condition, but I promised his wife that in his memory, I would continue to raise aplastic anaemia and ensure that it gets listed on the NHS website, as it currently is on NHS Inform in Scotland.
In light of NHS England being disbanded, can the Leader of the House raise with Cabinet colleagues the question of how we can ensure that rare conditions are recognised?
Those conditions cause great distress and isolation, and I want to make sure that does not happen in the future.
I am sorry to hear about the hon.
Lady’s constituent’s passing from that rare condition, and congratulate her on bringing this issue to the floor of the House on behalf of his wife.
She is absolutely right: rare conditions, which are often raised with me at business questions, often do not get the attention or the signposting that they desperately need.
I will ensure that the hon.
Lady gets a full response.
May I too extend my condolences to the shadow Leader of the House?
His father sounds like a wonderful man.
I recently visited Chase Recovery in my constituency.
It is a community-based, peer-led rehabilitation programme, designed for those who experience substance misuse  and are seeking a new abstinent life filled with meaning and purpose.
I met Paul and Cara while there, and their passion for their work is inspiring and infectious.
Will the Leader of the House join me in congratulating them on the work they do, and will the House hold a debate on the importance of innovative, community-based services when it comes to sustainable, long-term recovery from substance misuse?
I certainly join my hon.
Friend in congratulating Paul and Cara on the work they do on rehabilitation in her constituency.
She highlights once again the important role of prevention, early intervention and rehabilitation to ensure that people are healthy and successful in life in whatever way.
Often those services are delivered by fantastic volunteers.
The shadow Leader of the House referred to his admirable father’s national service in the course of his tribute, and that took place during a cold war that was prevented from turning into the third world war by the presence of American forces in NATO, led by the Supreme Allied Commander Europe.
Up to now, that has always been a senior US army or other officer.
Reports are now saying that in the Trump Administration’s latest move away from the security system that prevented a third world war until the collapse of the Soviet empire, America is proposing to give up the post of SACEUR and allow a European or Canadian—prior to annexation—to take it over.
May we have a statement about what the Government are doing to prevent such a dangerous and foolish outcome from proceeding?
The right hon.