Many of them are actually in use in the UK, including three in particular.
A parent company, Donghai Jaisolar Technology, is being used at the Ministry of Defence; Hongyuan Green Energy, which has been sanctioned by the USA, is in use over here, and so is Jiangsu Micoe Solar Energy.
Other companies, such as Jinko Solar and Canadian Solar, are ever present, and they are all essentially guilty of the use of slave labour.
Can we have a proper debate about how we can stop that, as the Americans have been doing for some time?
Surely we now need to sanction companies that use slave labour to get cheap advantage.
As ever, the right hon.
Gentleman raises an issue that I know he has long campaigned on and its implications for the UK.
He is absolutely right to raise it.
We should not tolerate slave labour being used in any of the products on sale or being used in this country, and we need to do more to expose and have transparency around that.
I think that would make a very good topic for a debate, but I will certainly ensure that relevant Ministers update this House on how we can have the economic security and transparency to ensure that that does not happen.
I too offer my condolences to the shadow Leader of the House—Torquil Norman sounds absolutely great.
Parc Bryn Bach women have recently won the Welsh cross-country championships, beating the likes of Cardiff and Swansea running clubs to lift the trophy.
Will the Leader of the House please join me in congratulating this small club from Tredegar on its achievement?
Those runners have made their fellow club members, including me, very proud.
I thought my hon.
Friend was inviting me on a cross-country run there—the answer would have been a clear no.
I join him in congratulating the cross-country club from Tredegar of which he is a member on winning the Welsh championships.
I add my condolences to the shadow Leader of the House.
I agree that at a time when boys and young men are lacking role models, the memory of his father is a powerful example of why dads matter.
King Edward’s school in Bath came third in the national reading champions quiz.
I am sure the Leader of the House will join me in congratulating that school on its wonderful achievement, but reading for pleasure is now at an all-time low.
Can we have a debate in Government time on how to improve reading proficiency among children of all ages?
I join the hon.
Lady in congratulating King Edward’s school.
We discussed many of these issues last week, as it was World Book Day when we met in the Chamber—we shared powerful testimonies about the importance of reading, access to school libraries, book schemes, and all the literacy work that goes on.
I absolutely support the hon.
Lady’s call to make sure that reading for pleasure is central to our education.
Across my constituency, in towns such as Corbridge, Ponteland, Prudhoe, Haltwhistle and Hexham, people are very passionate about the environment and the natural world, so they will have been disappointed to hear the Leader of the Opposition junk her party’s environmental commitments.
Does the Leader of the House agree that moderate Conservative candidates should do some soul-searching and tell the people of Northumberland whether they plan to put planet before party?
Absolutely.
I think we saw the Leader of the Opposition go to a whole other planet this week—Planet Zog, maybe, or I am sure there are many others.
My hon.
Friend is right that not only is tackling climate change important for the future of our climate, but it is vital to providing the jobs of the future that we need in this country and the energy security that will protect us from the likes of Putin in the future.