Will the Minister confirm when the Government will announce funding allocations for local flood defence projects?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that important issue.
We are taking decisive action to halt the steady decline in the condition of flood defences that we saw under the previous Government, including shifting an extra £108 million into maintenance.
We will announce further projects in due course.
I recently visited New Sheepfold Farm in Ingleby Greenhow to see the great work that the Day family are doing to diversify their farm, help nature recovery and improve enjoyment of our rural area.
They did this with the help of the North York Moors National Park Authority and the farming and protected landscape scheme, which I am glad the Government have extended for a further year.
Does the Minister agree with me about the importance of family farms, such as that of the Days, in landscapes such as the dales and the moors, and will he ensure that they remain at the forefront of Ministers’ minds?
rose—
rose—
I call the Secretary of State.
We are fighting to have the honour of responding to the former Prime Minister!
Of course I agree with him.
Our focus on farm profitability is precisely so that family farms up and down the country can have a bright and secure future.
Any sector that does not make a profit is not going to attract investment and will not have a future.
We want farming to succeed in his constituency and in every constituency across  the land.
The Solicitor General was asked—
What steps she is taking to help increase prosecution rates in cases of violence against women and girls.
What steps she is taking to help increase prosecution rates in cases of violence against women and girls.
What steps she is taking to help increase prosecution rates in cases of violence against women and girls.
Earlier this month, we marked International Women’s Day, and it was very moving to hear the Under-Secretary of State for the Home Department, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham Yardley (Jess Phillips) , again record in this House the names of women and girls who were killed in the past year.
The scale of violence against women and girls in this country is completely intolerable, which is why, under our plan for change, this Government have already taken concrete steps to tackle it, including the introduction of Raneem’s law to put domestic abuse experts into 999 control rooms.
I thank the Solicitor General for her answer.
Yesterday, I spoke to one of my constituents.
When she was 14, she was raped by an adult whom she should have been able to trust.
She woke up to him raping her.
She has been carrying that with her for decades.
Two years ago, she reported what happened to her and she has been fighting for her day in court all of that time.
Can the Solicitor General please set out what the Government are doing to fix the broken system that is failing to deliver justice, and will she meet me to discuss how we can better support victim survivors such as my constituent?
I am very sorry to hear of the case that my hon.
Friend raises.
As he knows, this Government inherited a criminal justice system in crisis with a record Crown court backlog, meaning that far too many victims such as his constituent are waiting too long for their day in court.
As part of the domestic abuse joint justice plan, in his local area the Crown Prosecution Service is trialling an enhanced partnership between Merseyside and Cheshire police and CPS prosecutors, to ensure that charging decisions, including in rape and serious sexual offence cases, are made more swiftly and stronger cases are brought from the outset, with a view to quicker and more successful prosecutions.