The question is why doing this took the previous Government so long when they shared our ambition.
We are determined to make this happen.
What steps he has taken to help protect communities that are vulnerable to flooding.
What steps he has taken to help protect communities that are vulnerable to flooding.
Repairing and rebuilding our flood defences is a priority for this Labour Government, and we are investing at a record level to improve flood resilience, better protecting 52,000 properties by this time next year.
The Environment Agency allocates its budgets to carry out work on flood defences on the basis of a funding formula, but that formula does not give sufficient weight to agricultural land.
Will the Minister undertake a review of the formula, so that agricultural land gets the flood defences it needs?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this important issue.
I completely agree that the previous flooding formula did not work for rural communities, which is exactly why we are consulting to change it.
The consultation will be announced shortly, and I encourage him and every Member across the House to get involved in shaping the formula, so we can make sure it delivers the right outcomes for everybody up and down our country.
First, I thank the Minister for visiting Lilford in Leigh after the devastating new year’s day flooding.
We had a public meeting on Saturday, and three months after those floods, residents are still struggling to get any real progress from their insurance companies, while others face extortionate premiums and excess fees.
What discussions is the Minister having with the insurance industry on improving how they support residents?
It was a pleasure to see my hon.
Friend and see how tirelessly she was championing and supporting her local constituents after such a devastating flood.
Concerns around flood insurance have been raised, so the floods resilience taskforce is setting up an insurance sub-group, through which some of its members will  deep-dive into the challenges and opportunities for improvement on flood defences.
If she has any further evidence that she would like me to look at, it would be very helpful to receive it.
What discussions he has had with Thames Water on its financial viability.
I am of course having conversations.
I can reassure the hon.
Gentleman that the company remains stable, and that the Government are closely monitoring the situation.
Data published this week in The Guardian revealed that 50% more raw sewage was discharged by Thames Water last year than in the previous 12 months.
Thames Water is racking up billions of pounds of expensive extraordinary debt, while continuing to pump tonnes of sewage into our rivers.
Despite bold targets and kind words, there is simply no action on cleaning up our rivers.
What will the Government do to improve Thames Water’s performance?
The Government are taking steps to improve the performance of all water companies, including through the Water (Special Measures) Act 2025, which I spoke about earlier.
Sir Jon Cunliffe is leading a review of the entire sector, so that we can reform regulation and, if need be, the regulator, to ensure that they are fit for purpose.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Our rivers, lakes and seas are awash with pollution.
The public are rightly furious about leaking pipes and sewage spills, and we have not built a new reservoir in this country for well over 30 years.
After years of failure, this Government are turning the tide.
The Water (Special Measures) Act 2025 is creating stronger regulation to hold water companies to account.
We have secured over £100 billion of private sector investment—the largest such investment in the water sector in its history—to upgrade our infrastructure.
Last week, the water Minister—my hon.