However, a rep at a school in York has been suspended for carrying out trade union activities and raising employment rights.
Will the Leader of the House raise this grievous matter with Cabinet colleagues?
Our reps working in public services should not be suspended for raising concerns about issues such as funding across our education system.
Can pressure be put on the multi- academy trust, which is completely unaccountable, to reinstate this representative?
I am sorry to hear about the case my hon.
Friend raises.
She is right that our trade union representatives do an important job in our workplaces, providing a link between employer and employees, and ensuring that people have the standards and rights that they are entitled to at work, and that they are working in healthy and safe environments.
I will ensure that the case she raises is looked into.
We are taking steps to ensure that academy chains are held to account in the same way as local councils.
I call the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee.
I note that the Leader of the House did not announce whether time on  Thursday 3 April  would be allocated for debates determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
If we are given that date, we will have a statement from the Housing, Communities and Local Government Committee on children in temporary accommodation, followed by debates on the impact of digital platforms on UK democracy and on access to sport and physical education in school.
If we are offered time on  Tuesday 8 April , the last day before the recess, we will have a debate on the reward of a posthumous Victoria Cross to Blair Mayne—and I advise the Leader of the House never to cross Jim Shannon.
There will then follow a debate on matters to be raised before the Easter Adjournment.
In Westminster Hall, next Tuesday there will be a debate on the retrospective accountability of the construction industry, which is vital.
Next Thursday there will be a debate on the prevention of drugs deaths and a debate on the first anniversary of the Hughes report on valproate and pelvic mesh, which has been raised at business questions many times.
On  Tuesday 1 April  there will be a debate on eating disorder awareness.
On  Thursday 3 April  there will be a debate on waste incinerators, followed by a debate on Government support for Thames Water.
On  Tuesday 8 April , the day before the Easter recess, there will be debate on the persecution of Christians.
In addition, it would be much appreciated if we could be advised of the dates for the estimates day debates in May.
Unfortunately, House business seems to completely disrupt the meetings that we are meant to have, but I sent a letter to the Leader of the House about potential opportunities for 90-minute general debates when Government business is likely to finish early.
Last week I hosted a meeting in this place of Rotary International representatives on the eradication of polio across the world.
We heard from Dr Hamid Jafari from Amman, Gulcheen Aqil from Pakistan and Aziz Memon from Pakistan, as well as Dr Sir Emeka Offor from Nigeria.
We have invested millions of pounds in trying to eradicate polio across the world.
Unfortunately, the new International Development Minister was not able to attend because of short notice of the change of Ministers, and we understand that.
We also know that there is a reduction in overseas aid, which I make no comment on.
However, we want to see a statement from the International Development Minister on which programmes will be preserved and which ones will be cancelled.
At the moment, there are only two countries in the world—Afghanistan and Pakistan—where polio is still rife.
If we cut those programmes, the risk is that polio would rear its head again across the world and all the money we have invested would be wasted.