Many local campaigners are concerned that it will result in increased fly-tipping, specifically in areas such as Upperton in my constituency, and we have already seen it in Hartfield Square and Upperton Gardens.
How might the Minister be able to influence East Sussex county council to U-turn on its unpopular decision and to keep our community clean and free from fly-tipping?
All councils have been given an uplift under this Labour Government, so they have more money to be able to deal with the priorities of their  local communities, and I encourage them to think about where that money is spent.
There is also a really important equality issue here: if people do not have access to the internet in East Sussex, due to blackspots, they might not be able to digitally book in, so I would look at digital exclusion.
The people who are least able to afford the internet should not be forced into dealing with unscrupulous rogues.
We know that fly-tipping is an expensive and dangerous nuisance.
Local authorities such as Conservative-led Walsall council are taking a really proactive and determined approach to tackling it, but with bin strikes on our doorstep under the neighbouring Labour-led Birmingham city council, we fear more fly-tipping, particularly in the communities that border Birmingham.
Alarmingly, we are hearing of rats the size of cats in Britain’s second city, and these squeaky blinders are definitely not welcome in Aldridge-Brownhills.
What specific support can the Minister provide to neighbouring authorities in these specific circumstances, and what can she do to bring the bin strikes to an end?
Obviously Birmingham city council’s bin situation is a matter for the council, but, as a neighbouring MP in Coventry, we have not seen any of the fly-tipping that the right hon.
Lady talks about seeing in Walsall.
Both sides need to get round the table and sort this out for the benefit of the people of Birmingham.
What recent discussions he has had with Ofwat on encouraging water companies to increase investment in sewage discharge reduction measures.
My officials and I have regular conversations with Ofwat and other regulators.
As the right hon.
Gentleman will be aware, last year water companies discharged record levels of sewage into our waterways, which is why the Water (Special Measures) Act 2025 gives the regulator tough new powers, including the ability to ban the payment of unfair bonuses to polluting water bosses.
The Government have also secured a record £104 billion that will include improvements to more than 3,000 storm overflows and significantly reduce sewage spills over the next five years.
I wish you a happy World Sparrow Day, Madam Deputy Speaker.
In Bramley in my constituency in 2023, sewage was spilled into the local river for 59 hours.
In Godalming, the figure was 83 hours; in Chiddingfold, it was 410 hours; and in Cranleigh, it was 691 hours.
That is the equivalent of nearly two hours every single day—it is totally unacceptable.
As a result, last year, after pressure from me and others, Thames Water agreed to invest £400 million by the end of next year.
Will the Secretary of State meet me and the chief executive of Thames Water to see whether that money is actually being spent?
The situation that the right hon.
Gentleman describes is absolutely outrageous, and Members across the House will recognise similar situations in their own  areas.
We need to completely reset the water sector so that these situations cannot continue, which is why Sir Jon Cunliffe is leading a water commission.
I hope that the right hon.
Gentleman and other Members are taking the opportunity to feed their experiences and those of their constituents into his call for evidence, and I would be happy to arrange for the right hon.
Gentleman to meet an appropriate Minister to discuss his concerns.