We cannot understand development unless we see it through the eyes of girls and women.
Increasing access to education, empowering women so that they can decide for themselves whether and when they have children, and ending sexual violence are central to economic opportunity and growth.
Those rights are universal and should be non-negotiable.
The White Paper extends and reinvigorates that work.
We will use research and diplomacy to end the preventable deaths of mothers, babies and children.
We will deploy policy and investment to defend and advance sexual and reproductive health and rights.
Effective development is rooted in respectful partnerships of equals, but the Government will continue to stand up for our values.
We know that individual rights, the rule of law and strong institutions are essential to achieving sustainable development.
Take for example the work of the Westminster Foundation for Democracy, to which Members of Parliament make such a substantial contribution.
It is the UK’s leading champion of democracy globally.
We are increasing our support for its work so that we can support fairer, more inclusive and more accountable democratic systems around the world.
We must also find better ways to anticipate and prevent humanitarian crises and the conflicts that often drive them.
Conflict and instability are on the rise and hold back development: by 2030 up to two thirds of the world’s poor will live in fragile and conflict-affected contexts.
Humanitarian needs are at their highest since 1945, with twice as many people needing assistance compared with five years ago.
The resulting devastation is spreading across affected regions, as seen at present in the Sahel and the middle east.
The tragic events in Israel  and Gaza bring home the humanitarian costs of conflict and violence, with women and children most directly affected.
I am therefore pleased to announce today that we will create a fund dedicating up to 15% of our bilateral humanitarian spend to support resilience and adaptation alongside our delivery of humanitarian relief, which we expect to amount to £1 billion next year.
When I visited families in east Africa suffering the worst drought in 40 years, it was clear that the current focus on immediate relief comes at the cost of early thinking and building in resilience and adaptation for the future.
The new fund will respond directly to that specific challenge.
Innovation is at the heart of our efforts to transform lives through sustainable growth.
The wondrous creativity of science and technology can address problems that money alone will never solve.
Only by sharing research and innovating together can we make the breakthroughs that our world needs.
The world has never been so intimately connected, nor our fates so closely entwined.
Although we can rightly be proud of all we have done to deliver international development, the UK and our global partners must redouble our efforts given the challenges that we faced to achieve those goals.
We asked in the White Paper what the UK could do.
We were told to make a new development offer based on mutual respect, powered by finance at scale, and supported by a more responsive international system.
We have listened: that is what the White Paper will deliver.
The Prime Minister has launched the White Paper to do development more effectively and differently, and yesterday’s global food security summit was an example of that.
I commend this statement to the House.
I thank the Minister for his statement, for advance sight of the White Paper, and for our frequent conversations about it since I was appointed to my post.
The catastrophe in Gaza is a strong reminder not just of the need for humanitarian assistance and expertise, but of the heavy responsibility that we all face to play our part in the world through the painstaking hard yards of diplomacy, and of the crucial role of development in providing the hope that breathes life into any peace process.