We have a strategy at odds with the ambition.
The second problem is that to make the strategy work, the Minister will need to convince the world that Britain is a long-term reliable partner with serious commitment at the highest levels of Government, yet his own White Paper is silent on protecting the overseas development assistance budget from raids from other Departments, after 30% has been raided in the past year by the Home Office alone to pay for spiralling hotel bills and the cost of this Government’s chaos.
What chance does he have of convincing the world that this area is a priority for the Government if he cannot convince his colleagues around the Cabinet table?
I suspect that on the central issue—the need to deal with debt and finance constraints that block action on climate—he and I have more in common than he does with most of them.
There is much to welcome in the White Paper, but access to finance for many of the most heavily indebted countries is ultimately unachievable.
He is embracing some of the new ideas on finance, but when it comes to the central issue of debt, where is the fresh thinking?
The outsized role of the City of London compels us to do more.
Now is the time not to cling to existing strategies, but to leave no stone unturned.
The problem of climate finance and debt for middle-income countries enables us to focus on low-income countries and the core task of eliminating extreme poverty, but there is far too little in the White Paper about how that can be achieved.
We welcome the focus on conflict, but the route out of poverty lies not just in access to finance and in functioning economies, but in self-sustaining health, education and welfare systems designed and run by the people in those countries.
What can he do to reassure the House that that is not a second-order issue?
Finally, the Minister and I have discussed the central importance of women and girls many times.
They have been among the biggest losers of the decisions of recent decades.
Empowering them is the biggest untapped driver of growth in the global economy, and there is no way of meeting the sustainable development goals without closing that shameful gap.
That is why they must run like a thread through the whole agenda—not just in addition to it, and not a few pages in a document.
Every single decision that comes across his desk must consider whether it does more to empower and enable women and girls to succeed, or less.
I welcome and support the Minister’s commitment to this agenda, but without the political backing, without the budget and without the priority in Government, he will not succeed.
He is far more alive to the scale and nature of the problems that Britain and the world face than most of his colleagues, but the challenges of this era demand an end to old ways of thinking and an embracing of the new.
I know he is open to it, but are his Government?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her co-operation and her kind personal remarks.
She will know that, in order to get buy-in from our friends and experts around the world and from the civil service, the White Paper needed to run to 2030.
In the unlikely event that my party is not in government after the next election, any other Government would, I hope, build on it to make it a huge success.
I note the hon.
Lady’s remarks about the merger of DFID into the Foreign Office.
My task, which the Prime Minister gave me, was to try to make the merger work.
That means there needs to be an ability within Government to focus on global public goods and delivering them into the 2030s.
That is what I am trying to do.