Given its importance, will the Minister assure me that a full review of faith provision across the prison estate will be conducted and guarantee that no one will be denied the ability to freely practise their religion?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
He is absolutely right to highlight not only the right of people to practise their religion, but the important role that that can play for those individuals in coping with prison life, rehabilitation and getting on the straight and narrow when they come out.
I am happy to engage with him directly on any specific case that he wishes to bring up, and it is an issue that I am happy to look at.
I thank the Courts Minister for his recent letter on recruitment and retention of legal advisers in Essex and the impact that that is having on court listings.
Although I know that he and I agree about the independence of the judiciary regarding individual cases, will he meet me to discuss what more might be done to fill the vacancies for legal advisers in Essex?
I am always happy to meet my right hon.
Friend.
The Secretary of State has alluded to the continuing reduction in reoffending rates among those leaving prison.
Does he agree that central to maintaining confidence in the wider community is that the reoffending rate goes down further still?
The hon.
Gentleman makes a simple but incredibly important point.
We want to follow the evidence so that we protect the public.
We will do so, on the one hand, by locking up the most serious offenders for longer and taking them out of circulation, and, on the other, by cutting offending.
Fewer crimes mean a better protected public.
That is the approach that we will take.
Yesterday, I met former prisoner LJ Flanders who, while serving his sentence, devised a fitness regime that can be conducted in a cell with no special gym equipment.
With the support of Bucks Association for the Care of Offenders, he has just run a two-week training programme in HMP Aylesbury to train other prisoners to provide coaching and mentoring of a similar style.
Will my right hon.
Friend please encourage everybody in His Majesty’s Prison and Probation Service, particularly governors, to facilitate such courses to reduce reoffending?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend, who knows about what he speaks.
I pay tribute to him for his work in the criminal justice system.
He highlights an example that sounds extremely interesting.
I would be happy to meet him to hear more about it and to see where we can take things from there.
Mr Deputy Speaker, since my statement to the House on  18 July , the Government have consulted extensively to secure evidence and ideas on international development that will transform our world.
I pay tribute to the team of 15 officials who have worked night and day and most of their weekends for nearly six months on this, under the leadership of Nick Dyer and Annabel Gerry, and to Geraldine Bedell and the Richard Curtis team who have helped with the shortened version of the international development White Paper.
We drew on the sharpest and most expert minds from non-governmental organisations, academia, business, nearly 50 Governments around the world, and all political parties in the House.
I particularly wish to thank colleagues across the House for their contributions to shaping this White Paper.
This is an area of policy that does not belong either to the Conservative party or to Labour; it is a British policy and commitment.
As the whole House knows, development has helped transform the lives of billions of people.
The UK can be immensely proud of our distinct contribution to this incredible success story.
Two centuries ago, three quarters of the world lived in extreme poverty.
When I was born, around half still did.