Eight courts have so far been named as containing reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete—RAAC—and three of them are closed.
The Government will not say which prisons are affected, but will they guarantee that funding for RAAC removal will not come at the expense of existing maintenance schemes, given the huge backlog of repairs in courts and prisons?
The hon.
Gentleman is right about the eight court buildings, but that is in the context of an estate of over 300 buildings.
It is important to note, however, that we have massively increased the budget for the court estate, and that enables us to do two things.
First, we can take on more projects and also plan them because we have guaranteed this over two years, meaning that we can plan in a more efficient and effective way.
The second issue so far as prisons are concerned is that separate considerations apply because the buildings are used for a whole range of different purposes; there is the prison itself, but there are plenty of ancillary buildings.
This is all being inspected in the normal way, and the budget is certainly there to effect remediations if required.
Last week I visited my local Co-op store in Hartburn, where I met staff and Union of Shop, Distributive and Allied Workers reps as part of Respect for Shopworkers Week.
There are around 867 assaults on shop workers not each month, not each week but every single day.
We cannot go on like this.
Will my right hon.
and learned Friend look again at what we can do to tackle this issue and deliver justice for shop workers?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Those people are on the frontline of society, acting effectively in public to do an incredibly important public service.
We have already moved to ensure that the courts can treat assaults on shop workers as an aggravating factor when it comes to sentencing.
To be clear, this means that, in appropriate cases, the fact that a person has assaulted a retail worker can mean the difference between a non-custodial penalty and a custodial penalty, which is absolutely right.
Those who behave in such a cowardly way should expect all consequences.
The rule of law is sacrosanct, isn’t it?
Yes.
Does my right hon.
and learned Friend agree that the judiciary must not make incendiary comments about Israel?
At Walsall magistrates court, a district judge recently acquitted defendants who had vandalised a factory, believing it to be supplying Israel, and is reported to have told them their action was
“proportionate in comparison to the crimes against humanity which they were acting to stop.”
Does he agree that judges are supposed to uphold the law, not encourage its breach?
This brings our legal system into ill-repute, so will he take this from me as a complaint to the Judicial Conduct Investigations Office?
Order.
We are not meant to criticise the courts, and I know that such a learned Gentleman will know better; I am sure we can avoid any criticism.
I simply note the question.
Plainly, I make no comment on the specifics.
I have heard my right hon.
and learned Friend’s point, and I will happily take it up with him subsequently.
The Ministry of Justice has released its latest quarterly statistics on deaths and self-harm in the England and Wales prison estate.
The rate of self-harm incidents among female prisoners went up by a stark 63% compared with the same quarter last year, and there was an overall 24% increase in self-inflicted deaths.
What assessment has the Secretary of State made of the impact of the MOJ’s policies on these increases across the prison estate?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to highlight this, as every death in custody is a tragedy.
We continue to do all we can to improve the safety of prisoners, both in that respect and in respect of reducing instances of self-harm.