and learned Lady for her question, and I certainly condemn the conduct that she has described.
Even though holding a gender critical belief is protected in law, both under section 10 of the Equality Act 2010 and, more widely, under article 9 of the European convention on human rights, I am aware of the polarisation and, sometimes, intimidation that surrounds this debate.
I have seen the letter that Sex Matters wrote to the Prime Minister, and the hon.
and learned Lady should be in no doubt about how seriously this is viewed.
I have made reference to the Protection from Sex-based Harassment in Public Act 2023, which creates an offence of intentional harassment where there is any causal connection, even a weak one, to a person’s sex, under which such conduct may fall.
She has asked for a rapid review, and I would like to meet her to discuss that further and any next steps.
A recent large-scale study by the Open University on societal attitudes and experiences of online violence against women and girls found that seven in 10 believe that the current legislation is not effective in tackling such violence.
Almost three quarters  of women in Scotland, and more than half of men there, want online violence to be made a crime—that is a higher level than was found among those surveyed in England.
Platforms have a duty of care to their users, so what steps is the Minister taking to ensure that new guidance in the Online Safety Act 2023 is effectively enforced and encourages women and girls to come forward with cases of online abuse?
The hon.
Lady makes an excellent point.
There is no doubt that some of the toxic content, including violent pornography, has a serious impact on the way that women and girls are treated and the attitudes that certain men have towards them.
As she will know, the Online Safety Act 2023 only received Royal Assent a month ago, and there is an extended implementation period.
She will also know, I hope, that one of the later amendments to the Bill accepted by the Government placed a statutory obligation on Ofcom to publish guidance which summarises the measures that all online services need to take to reduce the risk of violence to women and girls.
That is not on its own, but in consultation with the Domestic Abuse Commissioner, the Victims Commissioner and other experts.
The Act also places an obligation on social media and pornography providers to prevent children from being exposed to harmful content through new and robust age verification exercises—
Order.
Sorry; I will come back to the hon.
Lady on that.
I welcome the Minister to her place.
Her former colleague, the Home Secretary, thought homelessness was a lifestyle choice, yet in reality, almost a quarter of homelessness among women and children is due to a violent or abusive relationship.
The Scottish Government are piloting £1,000 grants to assist women who have left violent relationships, to help pay for essentials including rent and clothing.
Has she considered that approach, instead of taking tents off the homeless?
We placed the safety of domestic abuse victims at the heart of the Domestic Abuse Act 2021.
Local authorities have been given £25 million to ensure that all domestic abuse victims receive priority for housing.
In addition, the Act places a legal duty on tier 1 local authorities to provide a wide range of support, including refuges.
To date, the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities has allocated £377 million for local authorities to comply with the duty to provide housing.
It is vital that victims of serious sexual assault are supported through what can often be a lengthy and traumatic process, yet we know that many rape victims do not access early mental health support because their therapy notes can be requested as part of the criminal investigation.
That happens far too often and treats the wrong person with suspicion.