To date, the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities has allocated £377 million for local authorities to comply with the duty to provide housing.
It is vital that victims of serious sexual assault are supported through what can often be a lengthy and traumatic process, yet we know that many rape victims do not access early mental health support because their therapy notes can be requested as part of the criminal investigation.
That happens far too often and treats the wrong person with suspicion.
Does the Minister agree that a specialist legal advocate for victims could allow them to challenge invasive requests for private information and access the support they need at the time they need it most?
This is an issue that the Law Commission is looking into, and it already appears in our Victims and Prisoners Bill, so that such requests will never be  more than necessary and proportionate.
On the subject of whether there should be a dedicated legal adviser, I respectfully draw the hon.
Gentleman’s attention to the fact that since 2010, there are now 950 dedicated independent sexual violence advisers, who can support victims of rape and serious sexual abuse every step of the way.
We have quadrupled victims funding to ensure that we continue to grow that cohort.
I call the Chair of the Justice Committee.
I warmly welcome my hon.
Friend to her place on the Treasury Bench; it is much deserved, and she was a distinguished member of the Justice Committee.
She will know from that time that much work has already been done, following on from Operation Soteria, to improve investigation, conviction and prosecution rates and the victim experience in relation to rape and serious sexual offences.
Will she also bear in mind that there are further opportunities, which we highlighted as a Committee in our scrutiny of the victims element of the Victims and Prisoners Bill, to improve the victim experience and ensure that it is consistent across the whole country?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question and applaud all the work he does as Chair of the Justice Committee.
It is undoubtedly true that the Victims and Prisoners Bill plays an important role in putting the victims code on to a statutory footing and giving victims enhanced rights, including a right of review and a right to make an impact statement, which we have supported.
I also draw his attention to not just Operation Soteria but the fact that we are training 2,000 specialist police officers in rape and serious sexual offences, as well as the national roll-out of section 28 evidence procedures, which enable victims of these hideous crimes to give evidence early, privately and behind closed doors, to completely change their experience of the criminal justice system and keep them engaged in the process.
I welcome the Minister to her well-deserved appointment.
She will be aware of the case of David Fuller, who, as well as murdering two women, abused the corpses of over 100 women and girls in the mortuaries of the Maidstone and Tunbridge Wells NHS Trust.
For these crimes, he will rightly die in prison.
However, the current legislation is shockingly inadequate on the abuse of dead bodies.
It covers only penetrative sexual assault and not other acts of sexual assault on dead bodies.
Will the Minister meet me, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Chatham and Aylesford (Tracey Crouch)  and other colleagues to discuss how we can rectify that in the Criminal Justice Bill, which comes before the House next week?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his question.
The David Fuller case is appalling, and I send my deepest sympathies to the families of his victims.
It is unbelievably dispiriting that we are even having to talk about these acts, and of extending the definition of abuse to meet the width and depravity of his crimes.
As my right hon.