Does that disappoint the Justice Secretary?
I refer the hon.
Gentleman to the answer I gave a few moments ago.
There is understandable righteous indignation about the situation that exists.
We believe that we can comply and deliver our policies within the four corners of international law—that is our approach.
However, those who arrive illegally threaten to corrode the rule of law, because that of itself sends out a poor subliminal message that those who do so can act with impunity.
That does not strengthen the rule  of law.
The Justice Secretary will know of the hard work undertaken in this Parliament to bring the Desecration of War Memorials Bill into law.
Elements of that Bill were subsumed into the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022, but will he now undertake to complete the job?
My hon.
Friend is one of two hon.
Members who have fought hard on this issue, and he does so from the position of having served his country.
It is completely iniquitous that people should seek to act in a way that desecrates war memorials.
His specific point seems utterly compelling and I am happy to discuss it with him hereafter.
The Justice Secretary is an experienced lawyer, for whom I have a great deal of respect.
Will he explain to the Prime Minister that following the Supreme Court’s judgment on Rwanda, merely to legislate that the facts on the ground in Rwanda are the opposite of what the Supreme Court found them to be will make no difference to the problems the Supreme Court has identified, and will simply make the Government a laughing stock?
I thank the hon.
and learned Lady for her point.
At the risk of harming her political career, the respect is entirely mutual.
In a rule-of-law country, people can disagree with the decision of a court but they must respect it.
We respect the ruling and of course we will abide by court orders, but it is also right that we carefully consider what the Supreme Court said and seek to adjust appropriately.
We will do what we properly and lawfully can do to stop the boats.
That is our mission and the mission of the British people, and we will deliver on it.
I welcome my right hon.
and learned Friend’s commitment to increase the use of tagging, where appropriate, to reduce the amount of reoffending.
In doing so, what plans does he have to include high-risk domestic abusers and, potentially in the future, those who are illegal drug users?
Not for the first or last time, my hon.
and learned Friend has got absolutely to the point.
We have deliberately constructed the policy so that if an individual presents a significant threat to a particular individual—often a spouse or a partner—the presumption would not apply.
That is critically important and I was happy to discuss that point with Women’s Aid and other relevant bodies.
We are on the side of victims of domestic abuse and violence, and nothing that we do will cut across that important principle.
Supporting offenders in practising their faith is regularly cited as playing a key role in their rehabilitation in prisons.
However, as the Minister will know from my frequent correspondence with the chief executive of His Majesty’s Prison Service, many prisons either do not provide the facilities required or actively hinder offenders in practising  their religion.
HMP Full Sutton has been brought to my attention as one such example.
Given its importance, will the Minister assure me that a full review of faith provision across the prison estate will be conducted and guarantee that no one will be denied the ability to freely practise their religion?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his question.