Those are practical steps that we could work on together—otherwise we end up with all mission and no model, which will not help the world’s poorest.
If the right hon.
Gentleman reads with care the chapter to which he referred, he will see that it is one of the most brilliant chapters in it—that is my biased opinion.
The reason for that is that we have in Washington an extraordinary team of young and brilliant officials who have enormous influence in the World Bank, and he is a considerable expert on this area.
As for the multipliers and making sure that we sweat the balance sheets of these multilateral banks to ratchet in huge amounts of more money, he will see a great deal to please him.
If these reforms are implemented, as I believe they will be, driven hard by Britain through the multilateral sector, we will see a vast increase in funding.
As for what he says about the SDRs, using them creatively is something we are keen to do.
He will recall that at the spring meetings the Chancellor of the Exchequer announced that Britain would use its SDRs to the tune of £5.3 billion to elevate the two IMF funds that directly deal with poverty and international development.
“People, planet, prosperity” is summed up entirely in this document, and I commend my right hon.
Friend on the White Paper, particularly chapter 5, which I am passionate about.
Building on chapter 3, it is vital that we accelerate the transition and support the Bridgetown initiative.
Countries are getting terribly frustrated that although the talk is done and the UK is exceptional, there is a need to make sure that banks are getting the money to the people so that the projects can deliver for people, prosperity and planet.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for the tremendous contribution she has made on the matters she is addressing.
Chapter 5 directly addresses tackling climate change and biodiversity loss, and delivering economic transformation, and I am glad it has her approval.
Chapter 3 deals with mobilising the money and what I described in my response to my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Esher and Walton (Dominic Raab) , the former Deputy Prime Minister, as the “multipliers” and how we ratchet in private sector money.
Those will make a fantastic difference and we also have to make sure that this money reaches the poorest people in the world.
Britain’s role in the G7, in these international organisations, has always been to focus on the poorest people in the world.
We are proud of doing that and the House would expect us to do it.
This White Paper amplifies that mission.
I call the Chairperson of the Select Committee on International Development.
Let me start by giving my huge congratulations to the Minister.
I hope that the whole House has recognised his personal involvement and the tenacity with which he has got this document out. [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”]
I also congratulate our civil servants, who for the past three years have been doing an amazing job in challenging circumstances.
I really hope that this White Paper re-establishes our position on the international stage.
I particularly welcome the embedding of localism; more money to the poorest; debt relief; and the focus on atrocity prevention.
The White Paper outlines several initiatives aimed at increasing the amount of climate finance available for vulnerable countries such as small island development states, which is welcome.
The Minister referenced biodiversity loss a couple of times in his statement, but will he explain why no specific mention is made in the White Paper of the loss and damage fund, which I predict will be at the centre of COP28 in the coming weeks?
I thank the Chair of the International Development Committee and, through her, all of its members, who bring their expertise and enthusiasm to this subject with eloquence and skill.