The David Fuller case is appalling, and I send my deepest sympathies to the families of his victims.
It is unbelievably dispiriting that we are even having to talk about these acts, and of extending the definition of abuse to meet the width and depravity of his crimes.
As my right hon.
Friend will know, the offence he is referring to is dealt with in section 70 of the Sexual Offences Act 2003.
As a result of the David Fuller case, the Ministry of Justice is now reviewing both the maximum penalty and the scope of the law to ensure that what my  right hon.
Friend describes is adequately captured.
Of course, I will have a meeting with both him and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Chatham and Aylesford (Tracey Crouch)  in due course.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
I join others in welcoming the Minister to her place.
A victims Bill has been promised by the Conservatives since 2016, but while the UK Government have dithered, the Scottish Government have introduced the Victims, Witnesses, and Justice Reform (Scotland) Bill, which seeks to put victims and witnesses at the heart of the justice system.
It ensures that a range of trauma-informed support is available to child victims of violent and sexual abuse crimes, allowing them to give pre-recorded evidence without needing to go to a police station or a court.
Have the Minister and the Government considered adopting that approach?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
As he will know, our Victims and Prisoners Bill is making its way through Parliament as we speak.
He has talked about victim-focused support; I draw his attention to things like Operation Soteria, which is directed at rape victims and has now been rolled out on a national basis.
That places victims’ rights at the heart of the inquiry and focuses all the effort on the suspects and their behaviour, so to be honest, what he has described is consistent with our current models of policing and investigating crime.
I hope the Victims and Prisoners Bill will conclude its passage through Parliament and receive Royal Assent soon.
What additional (a) financial and (b) practical support the Government plans to provide the International Criminal Court for its war crime investigations.
The UK is one of the major funders of the International Criminal Court, and provides further practical support including sentence enforcement, pro bono expertise in victim and witness protection, and secondments.
In June, I met with the prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, Karim Khan KC, and I will remain in contact with the ICC to discuss what resources it needs to operate effectively.
It should go without saying that the International Criminal Court needs to be able to do its work unimpeded if it is to establish when collateral damage transcends into deliberate slaughter, or whether self-defence was in fact collective punishment.
Will the Government provide a guarantee from the Dispatch Box that they will not intervene—as they did alongside the United States in 2021—against any future ICC investigation into war crimes perpetrated against the people of Gaza?
The hon.
Gentleman’s original question was about the resource that we provide to the ICC.
We are the second largest donor after Germany, and we have provided some additional support this year.
Questions about prosecution are matters for independent prosecutors.
It is not for Ministers in this Parliament to make that  sort of decision: that will be a matter for independent prosecutors, whom I would expect to exercise their discretion freely and fairly.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of legal aid for immigration cases.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of legal aid for immigration cases.
Legal aid is available for asylum cases, for victims of domestic abuse and modern slavery, for separated migrant children, and for immigration cases where someone is challenging a detention decision.