Surely domestic abuse and stalking are serious offences, yet they are not excluded from early release.
What kind of signal does that give to victims, the public, and indeed perpetrators of violence against women and girls?
We are proud that under this Government sentences for offences such as rape have gone up by a third.
We have a situation in which charges are up, the conviction rate is higher and sentences are longer—and,  unlike under the Labour Government, people are spending a higher proportion of those sentences in custody.
We think that is the right thing to do.
To the hon.
Member’s point, the exclusions in place go beyond what he indicated, so he is factually incorrect; they also include sex offences and terrorist offences.
Here is a really important point: where the custodial authorities are satisfied that there is a specific risk, there is an opportunity to ensure that release is blocked.
That is important, because we will always stand up for victims of crime.
Argument weak?
Go long and do not answer the question—the classic response from this Government.
The truth is that without any Government announcement of a start date, prisons began releasing offenders over a month ago.
These men are already walking our streets, but the Government will not tell us how many, or why they were behind bars in the first place.
Why do the Government not believe that the public deserve to know who is being released back into the community when a court decided that they should be in prison?
We will make whatever appropriate announcements in due course; we will not demur from that.
We will also not apologise for having, under this Government, a higher custodial population than before.
We are taking robust steps to ensure that the public are protected, which means unashamedly that those who commit the most serious offences—those such as murder in the context of sexual or sadistic conduct—go to prison for the rest of their lives.
Will the hon.
Member support that?
I wonder.
We are also using the evidence so that those capable of rehabilitation are rehabilitated.
One thing that we will not ever put at risk is the threat to women and girls.
As the Under-Secretary of State for Justice, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Newbury (Laura Farris) , indicated, we have taken steps to ensure that victims of domestic abuse will be properly protected under the Government.
Here is a man who will go short: I call Sir Desmond Swayne.
Whether he is taking steps to increase levels of public confidence in non-custodial sentences.
To earn public confidence, non-custodial sentences must self-evidently be punitive, so that the British people can see that offenders are being punished for their crimes.
They must also be enforceable, so that judges and magistrates can be confident that those who step out of line risk being brought back before the court and sentenced to immediate custody.
That is why we are doubling the number of the latest GPS tags available to the court, so that offenders can be strictly monitored, and we have increased funding for the probation service by £155 million a year.
It is essential that every advantage be had from the latest monitoring technology, isn’t it?
Pithy and perfect—my right hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Under the old technology, all that the so-called radio frequency tags could tell the probation   service was whether that individual had left the premises to which he had been bailed or curfewed.
The modern GPS tags are far more effective, because they can indicate where that person has gone, keeping them under a tight rein.
We have additional tags, including alcohol monitoring tags to allow the courts and probation services also to monitor alcohol where that is the root cause of the offending.