She talked about cuts in programmes, but the White Paper explains how many of the programmes will be increased.
She specifically mentions South Sudan.
As the budget is now in much better shape, next year the bilateral programme spending in South Sudan will increase from £47.9 million to £110 million, which is an increase of 130%.
The Kenyan bilateral programme spending will increase by 225% and the Jordanian one will increase by 130%.
So we are now able to do more through our bilateral programmes.
She asked in which areas we would be specifically restoring funding where cuts had been made; she will see in the White Paper that the International Citizen Service is set to return and our aid match will increase.
As for the humanitarian work we will do next year, we expect to spend £1 billion on humanitarian relief, plus we have the new resilience and adaptation fund, which will produce an extra 15% on that.
The White Paper is long and to many of us it is a most exciting read.
A short form is available—I have a copy here—as I mentioned.
Thanks to the Richard Curtis team, it is also an excellent read.
She chides me for not having made the point about civil society and the platform, but I am delighted to tell her that although I did not mention it in the statement, it is in there; UKDev—UK International   Development—is a platform to achieve precisely what she said needs to be achieved in that bridge between civil society and Government and state work.
May I push back gently on what was said by  the hon.
Member for Wigan (Lisa Nandy) , because many Conservative Members are passionate about this issue, have been supportive of the Minister through thick and thin and really welcome this White Paper?
We are hoping that it will be a stepping stone to 0.7% ODA spend.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that there is a symbiotic relationship between our economy and our security, and that our security is dependent on stability abroad?
When we step back from helping fragile states, that void is too often filled by authoritarian regimes pursuing a very different agenda.
My right hon.
Friend is right on that, and of course he was one of the 26 Conservative Members who voted not to cut the 0.7%.
I hope that he will be energised by the alternative means we have found—the multipliers to ratchet in enormous amounts of money.
He is right in what he says about the link between defence, development and diplomacy.
When he gets a moment to read to read this White Paper, he will be enthused by the lines it is taking.
The right hon.
Gentleman, my constituency neighbour, knows that I admire much about the mission he has set out in this White Paper, but chapter 3 needed to say a lot more about the money.
He could have said more about doubling the fraction of the special drawing rights we share, as Japan is doing, which would have provided an extra £4 billion of development assistance.
He could have said more about using the money we get back from the European Investment Bank to invest in building a bigger World Bank in order to unlock $200 billion of concessional lending over the decade ahead.
He could have said more about leading a global initiative to keep the interest rate on special drawing rights down so that the International Monetary Fund remains as lender of last resort, rather than China.
Those are practical steps that we could work on together—otherwise we end up with all mission and no model, which will not help the world’s poorest.
If the right hon.
Gentleman reads with care the chapter to which he referred, he will see that it is one of the most brilliant chapters in it—that is my biased opinion.