The hon.
Gentleman is right to highlight this, as every death in custody is a tragedy.
We continue to do all we can to improve the safety of prisoners, both in that respect and in respect of reducing instances of self-harm.
We are continuing to deliver on our safety commitment outlined in the prisons strategy White Paper, including by introducing more ligature-resistant cells, funding a study to understand the extent of deaths, and rolling out an emotional resilience and peer-support programme in six prisons.
Of course, our staff are vital to this, and I take the opportunity to pay tribute to them; we are investing to support them to continue to do that work.
In the summer, the Government made a welcome announcement on banning zombie knives and machetes and doubling the sentences for supplying a knife to an under-18 and for possessing a knife with intent to cause harm.
Now we are in a new Session, will the Secretary of State set out the timeline for bringing forward legislation to make this happen?
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend, who is a passionate and principled campaigner on the issue of public safety.
These measures will find their way into the Criminal Justice Bill.
I look forward to her support, which I know will be forthcoming.
Let us hope that hon.
Members right across the House will put public protection as one of their priorities.
New figures released by the Co-op Group show that a staggering 300,000 incidents of shoplifting, abuse, violence and antisocial behaviour in Co-op stores have been reported this year alone.
Surely the best way to stop violence against shop workers is to make it a stand-alone offence, as requested by the Labour party, the Co-op party and the USDAW trade union.
It is important to establish what is already available to the police: section 39 on common assault, section 47 on assault occasioning actual bodily harm and—heaven forbid—sections 20 and 18, which relate to more serious cases of grievous bodily harm.
Plus, if an individual is convicted on any of those grounds, the courts can—indeed, ought to—consider assault on a retail worker as an aggravating factor.
As I have indicated, that can mean the difference between a non-custodial and a custodial penalty.
We will keep these matters under review, but the central point is that before someone can go before the court, they have to be arrested.
That is why I am delighted that we have more police officers than at any time in our history, ready to take the fight to those who assault shop workers.
My right hon.
and learned Friend has a terrific record on dealing with SLAPPs—strategic lawsuits against public participation—so he will understand how greedy lawyers encourage their billionaire clients to crush their opponents by extending court cases, dragging them out and multiplying them.
What has not been taken on board is that that also costs the taxpayer millions of pounds.
I think those lawyers should have to meet those costs.
With that in mind, will he publish the costs incurred by SLAPPs cases?
No one in this House has done more than my right hon.
Friend to clamp down on this iniquitous behaviour, and I am pleased that we have been able to make some progress.
He makes a really important point: every day that is spent in court pursuing ill-founded and abusive litigation is time that could be spent on other matters in the public interest.
I will certainly look into the interesting suggestion he makes about publishing the cost of that behaviour.
After the Supreme Court ruling on Rwanda, the hon.
Member for Ashfield (Lee Anderson) said that the Government should “ignore the laws” and put planes in the air anyway.
The Prime Minister has failed to distance himself from those comments.
Does that disappoint the Justice Secretary?
I refer the hon.
Gentleman to the answer I gave a few moments ago.