My hon.
Friend speaks with great authority as a magistrate, and I know from my own experience as a practitioner how important stand-down reports are.
They provide the bench with information about the offender—their relationship situation, their record of previous convictions, their mental health problems and so on—so that the court can tailor a disposal that punishes the offender but also progresses their rehabilitation.
We are working closely with the probation service to ensure that that resource is properly allocated so that we can have more stand-down reports to ensure better justice on the facts of each case.
I call the shadow Minister, Alex Cunningham.
Contrary to the claims of Ministers at every Question Time that they are getting the courts backlog sorted out, they are not, and the pain just drags on for victims.
The Crown court backlog reached a record 65,000 cases at the end of June.
Nearly 5,000 of them have been waiting for two years and 36,000 cases have defendants on bail.
Why are things still getting worse?
I have to say, Mr Speaker, that God loves a trier.
Yes, the backlog has gone up.
The hon.
Gentleman will know that post covid and post the Criminal Bar Association strike, the backlog did increase.
On top of that, this Government have cracked down on crime with more police officers, and that has meant more people being charged and appearing in court.
We are addressing this with unlimited sitting days.
We recruited 1,000 judges across all jurisdictions last year and we are doing the same this year.
We have invested in the court estate to improve resilience, and we have extended 24 Nightingale courts to ensure that we have capacity.
Come on now—we know that the statistics tell a very different story.
The Crown courts remain in crisis, and what about the civil courts?
The quarterly civil justice statistics from April to June 2023 show that the average time taken for small claims and multi-fast-tracked claims to go to trial was 52 weeks and 78 weeks respectively.
Is it the same excuse for the crisis in the civil courts?
Since the Government have increased the amount of money spent on the Children and Family Court Advisory and Support Service, we have recruited judges across the jurisdiction to help in the civil courts, increased the number of days that fee-paid judges can do from 30 days to 80 days a year, introduced regional virtual pilots to support London and the south-east, and invested in mediation.
All of this is ensuring that people have access to justice in a court system that is dealing with higher numbers of cases than ever before.
The Minister will be aware that approximately £1 million of taxpayers’ money was spent, including through legal aid, on finally deporting the vile sex offender Yaqub Ahmed, whose crimes were just unimaginable.
Will the Secretary of State and the Minister ensure that legal aid processes are reviewed and, importantly, dust off the previous plans to introduce wasted cost orders in immigration cases so that lawyers who pursue these spurious cases are prevented from doing so?
As my right hon.
Friend will appreciate, I cannot comment on individual cases, but I can reassure her that the payment of wasted or unreasonable costs can already be ordered by the tribunal if it considers it appropriate.
Given the issue that she has raised, however, I would be more than happy to meet her to ensure that her concerns are conveyed firmly to those responsible for the reviews.
Eight courts have so far been named as containing reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete—RAAC—and three of them are closed.
The Government will not say which prisons are affected, but will they guarantee that funding for RAAC removal will not come at the expense of existing maintenance schemes, given the huge backlog of repairs in courts and prisons?
The hon.