Ordered,
That Jo Churchill and Steve Double be discharged from the Committee of Selection and Joy Morrissey and Stuart Anderson be added.—(Mr Marcus Jones.)
The Secretary of State was asked—
Whether he plans to take legislative steps to help end violence against women and girls.
Whether he plans to take legislative steps to help end violence against women and girls.
Whether he plans to take legislative steps to help end violence against women and girls.
Whether he plans to take legislative steps to help end violence against women and girls.
What reforms he is making to the criminal justice system to tackle violence against women and girls.
Minister, welcome.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Since 2010, this Government have transformed the legislative landscape on tackling violence against women.
We have created new criminal offences of stalking, non-fatal strangulation and coercive control, recognising that the most pernicious abuse is not always physical.
We have implemented comprehensive modern slavery and domestic abuse laws, and outlawed insidious harms, such as revenge porn and the so-called “rough sex” defence to murder.
We are prosecuting more rape cases today than in 2010, with sentences that are about 50% longer.
But we are going further still, in our Sentencing Bill, our Criminal Justice Bill and our Victims and Prisoners Bill.
I welcome the Minister to her place.
We need to be doing much more to tackle the culture of toxic masculinity that, sadly, still exists.
We recently had a situation in Midlothian where one of our councillors faced sexual harassment at a public event.
When they complained and raised the issue, the perpetrator’s colleagues simply said, “But he’s a good guy.”.
We need to do much more to tackle that sort of attitude.
Despite the complaint being made and the complainant being believed, no action was ever taken.
What more can this Government do to ensure that in these situations action is taken so that we protect women and girls from such unfortunate situations?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
I know that he does a lot of work on perpetrator programmes through the White Ribbon scheme in Scotland.
I am sorry to hear about the experience of one of his local councillors, and I draw to his attention the Protection from Sex-based Harassment in Public Act 2023, which recently received Royal Assent.
It creates an offence of intentional harassment carried out because of a person’s sex.
It is quite possible that that covers his friend’s case, so I would be grateful if he wrote to me or came to see me to discuss it further.
Last month, Sex Matters presented the Prime Minister with a letter signed by almost 15,000 people asking him to
“take urgent action to halt an escalating campaign of violence and intimidation against women in the name of ‘trans rights’.”
It details how women and, in particular, lesbians are being threatened with the loss of their livelihoods and with physical violence, shouted down and intimidated at public events, and sometimes even assaulted for insisting on their rights to freedom of belief and of expression, and for calling for sex-based protections to be upheld.
Will the Minister condemn that violence and intimidation?
Will she urge the Prime Minister to do so as well and to commit to addressing it by commissioning a rapid review of the impact of extreme trans rights activism on women’s rights, including the rights of lesbians?
Will she also open a call for evidence?
I thank the hon.
and learned Lady for her question, and I certainly condemn the conduct that she has described.
Even though holding a gender critical belief is protected in law, both under section 10 of the Equality Act 2010 and, more widely, under article 9 of the European convention on human rights, I am aware of the polarisation and, sometimes, intimidation that surrounds this debate.
I have seen the letter that Sex Matters wrote to the Prime Minister, and the hon.