The White Paper outlines several initiatives aimed at increasing the amount of climate finance available for vulnerable countries such as small island development states, which is welcome.
The Minister referenced biodiversity loss a couple of times in his statement, but will he explain why no specific mention is made in the White Paper of the loss and damage fund, which I predict will be at the centre of COP28 in the coming weeks?
I thank the Chair of the International Development Committee and, through her, all of its members, who bring their expertise and enthusiasm to this subject with eloquence and skill.
She mentions the importance of debt relief and localism, and she is absolutely right on that.
She also mentions the work on atrocity prevention, which we have particularly been doing in Sudan since the crisis emerged there.
That work is very important and we are finding new ways of amplifying it.
What she says about biodiversity may well be true.
The White Paper runs to 148 pages.
If she and I had our way, it would have been longer, but we have to draw a line somewhere and I yield to no one on  the importance of the point she makes about biodiversity.
She will know that there has been argument about loss and damage, and a holding position has now been secured, ahead of the COP.
That is very important, but loss and damage must do two things.
It must get a broader spectrum of where the money is coming from, otherwise we will just be reorienting it within the international development budget and that will be robbing Peter to pay Paul—there is no sense in doing that.
The other thing is that it must bring in a wider group of countries, not just the narrow OECD ones that account for aid—it must be wider than that.
Those two things are required to make loss and damage work.
I very much welcome this White Paper, which reiterates the importance of eliminating gender-based violence.
Last week I worked with parliamentarians from across the Commonwealth, thanks to the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association and my right hon.
Friend’s Department, and we resolved that there is a real need for international leadership to effectively challenge what are still called cultural norms—things such as forced marriage, female genital mutilation and rape.
Will he join our calls for eliminating gender-based violence to be at the heart of the Commonwealth Heads of Government meeting in Samoa next year?
My right hon.
Friend makes a very interesting point about the Commonwealth Heads of Government meeting in Samoa next year; I will take that away and see what we can do on the matter.
Gender-based violence, for the reasons she has often said, is central to what we are doing.
We cannot understand all these matters unless we see international development through the eyes of girls and women, so she is absolutely right about that.
On gender-based violence, she will be well aware of the work led by my noble Friend Lord Ahmad in the other place, which he continues to do with great vigour and success.
I welcome the White Paper, but I want to put on record very clearly that it is lukewarm and tepid.
It shows how much wreckage has been done in the last three years.
I welcome the Minister moving it forward, but we are not moving forward enough.
I have three short questions.
First, the Minister referred to the Prime Minister asking him to try to make the merger work.
We all know it has been a disaster.
It was in the press last week that there was no rationale or reason for it to have happened in the first place.
I would like to know why there is no thought put behind restoring that separate Department, because it was world-class, and the world looked to it for leadership.
Secondly, the Minister talked about ODA being legal.