I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
The Minister has consulted widely, and he truly has a refreshingly collaborative cross-party approach.
We in the SNP broadly welcome the tone of it and some of the detail around mutual respect, listening to local partners, the recognition of civil society and the potential role of diaspora communities.
However, the Minister will not be surprised that we want him to go further, and I will list a few of the things I would like to hear more about.
SNP colleagues will have more to add on that.
The first and probably the most important thing is the fact that there is no concrete recommitment to 0.7%, as recommended by the International Development Committee.
In the entire document of 154 pages, there is one mention of 0.7%, where the White Paper states that the Government will recommit to it
“once the fiscal situation allows.”
If the fiscal situation currently allows for tax cuts, I would say that that moment has arrived.
The new Foreign Secretary was instrumental in getting us to 0.7% in the first place, so I hope that he and the Minister will expedite that intention.
Secondly, there is no recommitment to the restoration of programmes that have been cut since 2021, including in Yemen, Syria, Somalia and South Sudan, all of which had cuts of more than 50%, taking several million  pounds of their support away.
Those nations are all suffering significant repercussions from the climate crisis and the fallout from conflict.
Although I am pleased that women and girls and gender equality are to be put at the centre of bilateral funding, stakeholders have said to me this morning that it is short of the transformative approach espoused by others, including the Scottish Government.
Let us not forget that the cuts I just mentioned extended to girls’ education programmes, which is estimated to have resulted in 700,000 fewer girls receiving an education.
That is one of the greatest scandals of our lifetime.
Finally, I was surprised that there was nothing in the White Paper about public perception of international aid and how we can challenge and change it.
I have my own thoughts on that, but if most right-thinking people understood the role that their Government and their predecessors had played in some of these countries over centuries, and the ongoing legacy of that, they would understand that we have moral obligations.
I know the Minister agrees, so I would appreciate his assurance that the omission of that point was simply an oversight.
I look forward to continuing with the collaborative approach that he has brought to the role.
I thank the hon.
Lady for her party’s collaboration and for the tone and content of what she said.
She mentioned that the 0.7% figure does not feature extensively in the White Paper, but the White Paper is about doing development in a different way.
We are ratcheting in, through these new mechanisms, billions and billions of pounds, which makes a huge difference.
In many ways, it dwarfs the difference between the 0.51% or 0.52% that we are spending at the moment, and the 0.7%.
She will have seen at the time of the autumn statement last year that the Treasury estimate of when the two fiscal tests would be satisfied was 2028-29—in March, it was 2027-28.
All of us hope that the two tests will be satisfied as soon as possible.
As far as I am aware, there is no difference between the policy of the Government and that of the official Opposition on the restoration of the 0.7% target.
She talked about cuts in programmes, but the White Paper explains how many of the programmes will be increased.
She specifically mentions South Sudan.
As the budget is now in much better shape, next year the bilateral programme spending in South Sudan will increase from £47.9 million to £110 million, which is an increase of 130%.