The UK can be immensely proud of our distinct contribution to this incredible success story.
Two centuries ago, three quarters of the world lived in extreme poverty.
When I was born, around half still did.
By 2015, when the world met the millennium development goals, the proportion of a much larger global population had fallen to just 12%.
Evidence shows that development works, but it also shows that we now need to think about how we do development.
After decades of hard-won but persistent progress, we live in a world facing a daunting set of challenges: a world that is seeing rising poverty, where progress is in retreat; a world where the UN sustainable development goals are nearly all off track for 2030; a world where faith in multilateral institutions is fading despite co-operation being desperately needed; a world facing a climate crisis, growing conflict and the prospect of further pandemics; a contested world, where unity and solidarity are increasingly important, yet ever more difficult to achieve.
This White Paper sets out a road map to 2030, charting the path the UK must take to galvanise global attention and lead by example in the fight to end extreme poverty, tackle climate change and address biodiversity loss.
When it comes to international development, finance matters.
The Government have been clear on our intention to return to 0.7% of GNI when the fiscal circumstances permit, but the White Paper also makes it clear that we will not achieve the sustainable development goals through business-as-usual official development assistance funding.
We need a quantum leap in financing and investing, which only the private sector can provide.
The private sector is an essential engine of development, giving communities the building blocks for economic independence.
Self-sufficiency is development’s essential purpose, and our work with the UK private sector delivers back for taxpayers many times over.
British Investment International, formerly known as CDC, is already a core part of the Government’s offer on international development.
It has an impressive track  record, and now will go further and faster, investing in the hardest places.
As was suggested by the International Development Committee, to whom I pay tribute, BII will aim to make more than half of its investments in the poorest and most fragile countries by 2030, while also enhancing its transparency, cementing its place as a world leader.
The White Paper presents our vision for much-needed reform of the international financial system, mobilising greater finance from the private sector and scaling up the lending capacity of the international financial institutions.
The UK has pioneered the use of climate-resilient debt clauses, enabling vulnerable countries to hold off on debt repayments following an extreme weather event.
Together with Prime Minister Mia Mottley and other supporters of the Bridgetown initiative, we are driving reforms of the multilateral development banks so that they can scale up financing for low and middle-income countries.
We will also work with institutional investors such as pension funds to plug the SDG’s $3.9 trillion annual financing gap.
International development and climate action are inseparable.
Climate change and nature loss are being felt everywhere, and their impact will only intensify over the next decade.
It will be most acute in developing countries, reversing fragile development gains, increasing food prices and compounding insecurity and instability.
To meet that challenge, we must mobilise more—and more reliable—finance.
We will deliver on our pledge to provide £11.6 billion in international climate finance in the five years up to 2026.
We will ensure a balance between adaptation and mitigation financing and provide at least £3 billion to protect and restore nature.
Britain’s work on women and girls is paramount.
We cannot understand development unless we see it through the eyes of girls and women.
Increasing access to education, empowering women so that they can decide for themselves whether and when they have children, and ending sexual violence are central to economic opportunity and growth.
Those rights are universal and should be non-negotiable.