We continue to work closely with the NHS on improving things such as mental health support for those in prison, but I am happy to engage with her on this issue.
If the Government will make an assessment of the potential merits of extending the unduly lenient sentence scheme to include additional offences.
In 2019 we expanded the unduly lenient sentence scheme to include 14 new offences, including further child sexual offences and coercive or controlling behaviour.
We have no immediate plans to extend the scheme further, but we keep it under constant review.
I welcome the new Minister to his place; his is an excellent appointment and I wish him every success.
The fact that malicious wounding, actual bodily harm, burglary and even rape, when dealt with in the youth courts, do not come under the unduly lenient sentence scheme is plain wrong.
Will he please review that situation, which time and again lets down the victims of those serious crimes?
The unduly lenient sentence scheme is intended for use in serious cases for offenders sentenced in the Crown court.
The Attorney General has the power to refer a sentence to the Court of Appeal for review if they believe it is unduly lenient.
A youth court can sentence a child to up to two years of detention only.
Where a child’s offence is likely to attract a sentence of more than two years, the case must be passed to the Crown court for sentencing, where the scheme therefore applies.
Stiffening unduly lenient Crown court sentences is all very well, but there will still be delays in the system if there are backlogs in prosecuting in the courts.
Up to 25% of criminal barristers have left the profession over the past five years, so what action are the Government taking to address the exodus of criminal barristers?
In recent years the Government have invested an extra £141 million in criminal legal aid, which should expedite a solution to the situation.
If he will make an assessment of the impact of changes in sentencing guidelines on causing death by dangerous driving on the length of sentences.
The Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 increased the maximum penalty for causing death by dangerous driving from 14 years to life imprisonment.
In June 2023, the independent Sentencing Council published revised sentencing guidelines for motoring offences, including for causing death by dangerous driving.
It is too early to assess the outcome of those changes, but we regularly publish sentencing statistics on gov.uk.
The Sentencing Council also monitors all guidelines in accordance with its statutory duty.
I welcome my hon.
Friend to his position.
It is over a year since Parliament legislated to increase the maximum sentence for death by dangerous driving to life imprisonment.
However, three members of my constituent Summer Mace’s family were killed in a horrific incident, and in June the offender got only 10 and a half years.
That is totally inadequate.
As RoadPeace has shown, far too many sentences are too short.
Will my hon.
Friend meet me to discuss those sentencing guidelines, so that we can ensure that they reflect what Parliament actually legislated for?
I was very sorry to hear of the death of Paul Carter, Lisa Carter and Jade Mace in January 2023 in a collision caused by Aurelijus Cielevicius, and the devastating consequences for their family and friends.
I know that my hon.
Friend has campaigned hard on this issue, and I read his Adjournment debate earlier this month.
Sentencing is entirely a matter for our independent courts, based on the facts of each case.
In July 2023, after Cielevicius was sentenced, the revised Sentencing Council guidelines for causing death by dangerous driving came into force, following the increase of the maximum penalty introduced by the PCSC Act 2022.
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss that further, should that be helpful.