As he has indicated, we have expanded the early removal scheme to allow for the removal of FNOs up to 18 months before the end of the custodial element of their sentence, so that we can bring forward the deportation of criminals who should not be here.
On his specific point, we work closely with the Home Office to ensure that the right people and processes are in place to resist legal challenges.
I welcome the measures that my right hon.
and learned Friend has outlined to increase prison capacity to its largest ever, but he will recognise that capacity in prisons needs to come with capacity in staffing in order to make it a reality.
Will he update the House on the progress made so far, particularly in the midlands and Birmingham?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend, who is such a champion on this issue.
He is right, and to increase the number of staff we have increased pay, accepting the recommendation of the independent pay review body in full.
That means an increase of 7% for band 3 to band 5 officers, which is wing officers up to custodial managers.
We are also backing our officers with the roll-out of body-worn videos for every officer on shift, as well as PAVA spray in the adult estate.
The net result is that the resignation rate is down significantly.
That means more people remaining on the wings, improving the quantity and quality of our prison places overall.
May I welcome the Under-Secretary of State for Justice,  the hon.
Member for Newbury (Laura Farris) , to her well-deserved place on the Treasury Bench?
As well as expanding prison capacity, has the Secretary of State looked at the possibility of investing in women’s centres?
That was part of the Government’s female offender strategy, but it also has a proven track record in cutting reoffending?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his kind words about my hon.
Friend.
Yes, absolutely; where the court determines that an alternative disposal is appropriate, we are keen for non-custodial options to be available.
That is why we are investing heavily in alternatives.
There are cases where women offenders must go to jail, but where that is not necessary we want to ensure that alternatives remain so that rehabilitation can take place in the community.
Now that the Government have left themselves with no choice but to send fewer people to prison and let more out early because there is simply no space for them, how many convicted criminals are currently on bail awaiting sentence, compared with this time last year?
When do the Government expect normal service to resume?
I am proud of the fact that, unlike the previous Government, we are rolling out a prison expansion programme—something that entirely defeated the Labour party when it was in office.
Labour said it was going to roll out three Titan prisons.
How many did it produce?
Absolutely none.
On bail, it is the case that the number of those awaiting trial is higher, and up by 6,000 compared with the pre-covid period.
That is why this Government are expanding capacity on the estate.
We have 1,000 more judges, we are increasing the amount of legal aid, and we are ensuring that when people come to be sentenced, unlike under the Labour Government, they are going to prison for longer.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Secretary of State’s emergency early release scheme is meant to tackle a capacity crisis that is entirely of this Government’s making, and it excludes only serious violence.
Surely domestic abuse and stalking are serious offences, yet they are not excluded from early release.
What kind of signal does that give to victims, the public, and indeed perpetrators of violence against women and girls?
We are proud that under this Government sentences for offences such as rape have gone up by a third.