I thank my right hon.
Friend for that answer.
We know that ex-offenders are at high risk of homelessness, particularly immediately on release.
We also know that being in work significantly reduces that risk, so the link between the probation service and Jobcentre Plus in supporting ex-offenders into work is of critical importance.
Will the Minister do everything possible across Government to ensure that ex-offenders leave custody with the best possible chance of getting a job?
May I take this opportunity to pay tribute to my predecessor as prisons and probation Minister, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for East Hampshire (Damian Hinds) , for his work in this space?
My hon.
Friend, as always, is absolutely spot-on that securing employment and preventing homelessness are essential to tackling reoffending.
Those in work are nearly 10% less likely to reoffend.
We work closely with the Department for Work and Pensions to ensure that prison leavers have effective support to prepare for employment on release.
For example, prisoners can meet a DWP prison work coach from 12 weeks before release to provide advice on benefits and employment, including day one access to DWP employment programmes, and we continue to foster those strong links.
I thank the Minister for his response.
Veterans very often fall on hard times, find themselves in prison and then become ex-offenders.
Has the Minister had any opportunity to work alongside  the Minister for Veterans’ Affairs to ensure that priority can be given to help veterans get over the bad times and to re-engage in society again?
They have offered so much during their time in the services, and they can do so again if given the opportunity.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman, who is absolutely right to highlight just how much veterans, even when they have got themselves into bother, can offer the community through rehabilitation and through work.
Although I have not yet had the opportunity to engage with my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Veterans’ Affairs, I intend to do so.
A whole range of opportunities can work for veterans.
Just this weekend, I saw the ex-jockey Ryan Hatch on ITV Racing talking about his work highlighting equine job opportunities—which are often appropriate for veterans—in prisons.
I look forward to working with my right hon.
Friend—and, indeed, with the hon.
Gentleman, if he wishes—on this issue.
What steps he is taking to increase the number of prison places.
What steps he is taking to increase prison capacity.
This Government have embarked on the biggest prison building programme since the Victorian era, to create 20,000 modern, secure, rehabilitative places.
To date, we have already delivered 5,600 places, a third prison at HMP Millsike is under construction, and last week we secured outline planning permission for our fourth prison, near the existing HMP Gartree in Leicestershire.
I welcome the delivery of 20,000 additional prison places, as well as plans to deport some foreign criminals, rather than jailing them here in the UK.
That will free up spaces and deliver considerable savings to the taxpayer.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to work with the Home Office to mitigate the risk of legal challenges as we seek to deport some of those who may pose a risk to the public?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
Between January 2019 and March 2023, 14,700 foreign national offenders were served with deportation orders and removed.
As he has indicated, we have expanded the early removal scheme to allow for the removal of FNOs up to 18 months before the end of the custodial element of their sentence, so that we can bring forward the deportation of criminals who should not be here.
On his specific point, we work closely with the Home Office to ensure that the right people and processes are in place to resist legal challenges.
I welcome the measures that my right hon.