Under the old technology, all that the so-called radio frequency tags could tell the probation   service was whether that individual had left the premises to which he had been bailed or curfewed.
The modern GPS tags are far more effective, because they can indicate where that person has gone, keeping them under a tight rein.
We have additional tags, including alcohol monitoring tags to allow the courts and probation services also to monitor alcohol where that is the root cause of the offending.
Is the evidence not clear that short prison sentences do not work, and that women’s centres, which deal with drug and alcohol abuse, mental health issues and so on, can be effective?
It would make a lot of sense to roll that out for the male population—it is cheaper and it is better.
I am delighted to hear that from the hon.
Gentleman.
We have to follow the evidence, which shows that short sentences of immediate custody lead to a higher reoffending rate than those where the sentence is suspended, albeit on tight conditions, which might include curfew, an unpaid work order and potentially a rehabilitation requirement.
Why?
Because if the offender fails to comply, the probation service can find them in breach and bring them back before the court, where they will then likely hear the clang of the prison gate.
We will follow the evidence.
We make no apology for using our custodial estate to lock up the most dangerous offenders for longer and take them out of circulation.
But protecting the public also means ensuring that those who would otherwise reoffend get off the conveyor belt of crime.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of the conditions in the prison estate for the rehabilitation of offenders.
By the end of the spending review period, we will have invested nearly £4 billion to deliver an additional 20,000 modern prison places and ensure that the right conditions are in place to rehabilitate prisoners, cut crime and protect the public.
The key to effective rehabilitation is the provision of education and skills training, to increase a prisoner’s employability and ensure that they can access employment upon release, alongside providing support for substance misuse, treatment and so on.
We are also investing to improve rehabilitative spaces in prison, having delivered our employment hubs, where prisoners can access job vacancies.
We will renovate prison workshops through our HMP academies programme.
No glass, just bars at the window; mice and rats; faeces in the gravy; and sewage overflows regularly in his cell.
This is not the start of a Victorian novel, but the disgrace experienced by my young constituent, who was locked in his shared cell for 23 and a half hours a day, having never received the vital specialist mental health support that he needed.
When can we expect such draconian conditions at HMP Hull to end?
What appropriate steps will the Minister take to ensure that people in prison experience rehabilitation, not the conditions that my constituent faced?
If the hon.
Lady would like to write to me, I will be happy to look into that specific case.
But in broad terms, in the last financial year this Government invested £217 million in capital and maintenance spending, up from £149 million in 2010-2011.
That includes, since 2020, delivering £73 million of capital maintenance projects across Yorkshire.
Security is not a dirty word in this context but is vital to creating conditions in which people can be safe and rehabilitated.
We continue to work closely with the NHS on improving things such as mental health support for those in prison, but I am happy to engage with her on this issue.
If the Government will make an assessment of the potential merits of extending the unduly lenient sentence scheme to include additional offences.
In 2019 we expanded the unduly lenient sentence scheme to include 14 new offences, including further child sexual offences and coercive or controlling behaviour.