In response to the question from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cambridge (Daniel Zeichner) , the Secretary of State said that he had recruited 1,000 additional probation officers, but in fact that recruitment campaign has resulted in 76 fewer probation officers between  March last year and March this year.
Owing to the excessive workload, staff are leaving in droves.
The proposed new presumption in favour of extended sentences and the extension of electronic monitoring will simply offload more pressure from prisons on to the probation service, will it not?
What are the Government doing to address these issues of excessive workload and the loss of probation staff?
On a point of detail, as of  30 September 2023  the increase on the previous year was 4.2% for band 3 probation officers, 6.9% for band 4 officers and 13% for senior probation officers.
The so-called attrition rate, or resignation rate, is also down.
There are more probation officers, and more of them are remaining in place.
The reason that matters is the fact that experience counts.
This is an extremely difficult job, and making good judgments requires wisdom and experience.
We are investing in the probation service so that its officers can do their job on behalf of our communities.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Since the last Justice questions, we have introduced a Criminal Justice Bill, which responds rapidly and robustly to the latest criminal threats.
It will include strengthened laws to criminalise those who breach trust by taking intimate images without consent; broaden the offence of encouraging and assisting self-harm; give judges the power to order offenders to attend sentencing hearings; and enable the probation service to polygraph-test more terrorists and sex offenders.
Meanwhile, the new Sentencing Bill has public protection at its core, making the severest punishments available for the most dangerous offenders, such as murderers who kill with sexual or sadistic conduct, to take them out of circulation forever.
It will protect the public by breaking the cycle of reoffending to reduce crime.
We have also welcomed my hon.
Friends the Members for Newbury (Laura Farris) and for Orpington (Gareth Bacon) to the Front Bench.
As I think the House has already observed, they will make a formidable contribution to public life.
The Prime Minister and certain other senior Government figures have suggested that the European convention on human rights should be disapplied in some asylum cases, and the deputy chairman of the Conservative party,  the hon.
Member for Ashfield (Lee Anderson) , has said that the Government should simply ignore last week’s Supreme Court ruling.
Does the Justice Secretary agree?
The Government are confident that we can deliver on the priorities of the British people while remaining within the four corners of our international legal obligations.
Make no mistake, we are determined to ensure that our borders are secure.
This is a rule of law issue.
It should not be the case that those who try to jump the queue and arrive illegally should derive some sort of advantage from that.
We understand that clearly on the Government Benches and we will do everything we can to stop the boats.
One of the primary reasons for adjournment and relisting in magistrates courts is a lack of trained probation officers to carry out pre-sentence stand-down reports.
Could the Minister outline what steps he is taking to address this so that courts can get through caseloads more speedily?
My hon.
Friend speaks with great authority as a magistrate, and I know from my own experience as a practitioner how important stand-down reports are.
They provide the bench with information about the offender—their relationship situation, their record of previous convictions, their mental health problems and so on—so that the court can tailor a disposal that punishes the offender but also progresses their rehabilitation.