Friend’s constituent Tracy for campaigning in memory of Cameron.
Too many young lives are being lost.
That is why we are setting up the Young Futures programme, with youth hubs but also prevention partnerships, to work across the country.
In recent weeks, the number of channel crossings has been far higher than the Home Office expected, which is why we have seen Ministers rapidly approving new asylum hotels.
We are told that the situation is temporary, because asylum claims are apparently now being processed faster and people are being moved through accommodation faster too.
What reassurances can the Home Secretary give my constituents that the faster processing of asylum claims, with no deterrent in the system, will not simply act as a massive incentive for more people to come here on small boats?
I have to tell the hon.
Member that unfortunately the previous Government cut asylum decision making by 75% in the run-up to the election, and they took away caseworkers.
That is why the backlog was soaring.
We have now put caseworkers back in place so that we can start clearing the backlog, because asylum hotels are costing the taxpayer huge amounts of money.
Disabled women are almost three times more likely to experience domestic abuse and almost twice as likely to report sexual violence.
Does the Minister agree that it is important for not only her Department but the police to work with disabled women-led organisations to understand the intersection with gender-based violence and the double whammy that affects disabled women?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
I pay tribute to Stay Safe East, one of very few specialist disability and domestic abuse charities.
Without “by and for” services, we simply would not be serving most of the women in our country who need support.
A report published today shows that 60,000 hours are taken up each year investigating non-crime hate incidents.
Does the Minister agree that confidence in the police could be restored if they prioritised their time and resources to investigate actual crime rather than hurt feelings?
This Government have made very clear what our priorities are around safer streets and where the focus should be for policing: on halving knife crime and halving violence against women and girls over the next decade.
The Home Secretary has also been very clear that a common-sense approach must be taken to non-crime hate incidents.
We will work with the inspectorate and the College of Policing on the matter.
Before I call the Prime Minister, I should like to say a few words about our former colleague Lord Prescott.
John was first elected to this House in 1970, and he served the people of Hull for four decades.
He became deputy leader of the Labour party in 1994—my father helped on that campaign—and Deputy Prime Minister at the 1997 election.
I have to say thanks to John for coming to Chorley to ensure that I had a new start as a Labour Member in Chorley.
I will just share what John did.
On that day, tragically, the press pushed an old lady over and her arm was broken.
The first thing John said was, “I must go to the hospital.”
He went to hospital to see that lady as her cast was being put on.
That was the kind of person John Prescott was.
John played a major role in delivering the Kyoto protocol and was a great champion of regional government, integrated transport and affordable housing.
After leaving government, he became active in inter-parliamentary relations, leading the UK delegation to the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe.
He was an effective politician, a highly respected colleague and a towering figure in the labour movement and in this House.
He will be deeply missed, and all our thoughts are with Pauline and the family.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Thank you for those words, which John’s family will have heard.