The worst thing is that we know that it is replicated up and down the entire country; we cannot continue like this.
That is why we are determined to take the action that I have set out in previous answers, but I agree that we have to look at issues around rehabilitation for offenders, including treatment for addiction where appropriate.
Bath is a very popular tourist and shopping destination, but it has also seen the highest increase in shoplifting offences between 2023 and 2024.
For my shopkeepers to feel safe, they want a much more visible police presence in Bath.
What can the Government do for them?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right.
Shop theft went up by 21% in the previous year, which is totally unacceptable, and I hear very clearly what she says about her constituency of Bath.
That is why the neighbourhood policing model that this Labour Government stood on at the general election is so important for starting to deal with shop theft, which—as we have just been talking about—has become an epidemic.
The Home Secretary has repeatedly reiterated her pledge to tackle shoplifting and violence against shop workers by having a named officer in each community, as part of the 13,000 uplift for neighbourhood policing.
I spoke to Cambridgeshire constabulary recently, which confirmed that under the Home Secretary’s plans there would be one police officer to cover the whole town of St Ives.
That officer would cover not only St Ives, but the town of Ramsey and all the villages in between—Woodhurst, Old Hurst, Pidley, Warboys, Wistow and Bury.
Last week, the Policing Minister would not commit to reviewing the police allocation formula to ensure Cambridgeshire receives its fair share of funding.
How can one officer be expected to cover such a large area effectively, given that Cambridgeshire is likely to receive only a handful of the officers?
I say gently to the hon.
Member that he has to look at what this Government inherited from his Conservative Government after 14 years, during which neighbourhood policing was repeatedly cut.
This Government are committed to restoring neighbourhood policing.
We have said that we will bring in 13,000 police officers, police community support officers and specials.
When?
The shadow Home Secretary is shouting “When?”
at me.
We are working on this as quickly as we can, five months in, after 14 years of what the Conservatives did to our policing.
Shoplifting is often organised by criminal gangs, and Norfolk police have had some success in fighting them.
Does the Minister recognise that partnerships such as Operation Wonderland—which has just been launched by West Norfolk police alongside the local council, CCTV operators, street rangers and shop workers—are key to tackling this crime and making sure offenders are brought to justice?
The hon.
Gentleman makes a very important point.
Policing alone cannot deal with this crime; we need to work hand in hand with businesses, as well as the trade unions.
USDAW has been very important in the campaign for the offence of assaulting a shop worker that we are going to bring in.
I have also met the British Retail Consortium, and will chair a regular forum with the retail sector to make sure we are sharing best practice.
We are going to deal with the problems we have inherited.
I call the shadow Minister.
One of the best ways to help tackle retail crime is to put more police on the streets.
The last Conservative Government did just that—[Interruption.]
The last Conservative Government did just that, delivering record numbers of police, with more funding than ever before, but we were not stopping there.
This year, the Conservative Government increased frontline police funding by £922 million.
Will the Minister commit to matching or even improving that figure next year?