Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
On behalf of the Scottish National party, I pass on our sincerest condolences to Pauline, to John’s family and to his many friends, colleagues and comrades right across the Labour movement.
You have lost a colossus of a man, and an inspiration to working-class people right across the United Kingdom who were encouraged by his example to go into politics.
I remember coming down here as a new MP in 2001 and observing the Labour Front Bench—titans, all of them, and all known to the UK public, but dominant among them was John Prescott, and it was John Prescott the public wanted to hear from.
When he appeared on the TV screens, the public paid attention and listened to what he had to say.
He resonated with the British public, who held him in a curious affection.
If what he had could have been bottled, I am sure we would all take a little sup of it today.
I will never forget where I was, as a candidate in 2001, when that famous incident came in that  the hon.
Member for Newport East (Jessica Morden)  referred to—who could?
I think we all know where we were.
I was with a bunch of sixth-formers at a hustings at Brechin high school, and one of the senior pupils said to me, “If it’s like that every day in your political life, I want a bit of that.”
There’s inspiration for you, Mr Speaker.
John was a huge music fan and a great supporter of our music act, MP4.
We could never quite master the jazz that he seemed to favour—although maybe as a tribute to him we will get round to doing one of those numbers—but it was something he completely loved.
Everyone has talked about John’s commitment to climate change, but there was also his commitment to devolution, which a few colleagues have mentioned.
John Prescott was the engine who drove that path towards a Scottish Parliament and the regional assemblies which will be happening as a matter of course with this new Labour Government.
John was part of a generation that we are sadly beginning to lose, but he will stand out as one of the true great parliamentarians in this House of the past few decades and we will all miss him dearly.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
It is wonderful to hear all the various tributes to John and I wanted to share my own memories of him.
As some have mentioned, when it came to campaigning, his big thing was his battle bus—who would not love touring the country eating sweets with Martin Angus?
I am sure my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Ashton-under-Lyne (Angela Rayner)  will attest to that.
I have my own memory of John’s battle bus from after the 2005 election.
He got a small group of us together and we toured London as commuters were on their way to work, at around 7.30 or 8 o’clock in the morning.
John was on the tannoy thanking them all individually for voting Labour and for another five years of a Labour Government.
Watching people literally stop in the street, confused that a bus was talking to them, only to discover that it was actually the Deputy Prime Minister talking to them, was incredible.
John then took us all to his flat, where, despite having had no sleep at all, he made us bacon sandwiches and tea.
That was John at his best: generous, indomitable and completely unpredictable.
John’s incredible achievements and those of that Labour Government will stand the test of time.
He was the cement that kept the broad church of those New Labour Governments together and we will always remember him for that.