He will be deeply missed, and all our thoughts are with Pauline and the family.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Thank you for those words, which John’s family will have heard.
There are many Members of this House who serve their constituents faithfully.
Some deliver change for the entire country.
Very few enter into public consciousness, let alone public affection.
But John Prescott achieved all those things.
He was absolutely unique and people loved him for it.
He had the most extraordinary life, from failing his 11-plus to stewarding Anthony Eden on a cruise ship, to being deputy leader of—as he described it—
“the greatest party there is”,
and the longest-serving Deputy Prime Minister this country has ever had.
It was an extraordinary life, yet ordinary people across the nation felt that he was one of them.
He told a story of a working-class lad made good who embodied the aspiration of working people across the entire country.
People felt recognised in the struggles they had—the snobbery and the small-mindedness that still plague politics even today—but they also felt that he understood and championed their ambitions, their hopes and their dreams.
John was a politician for working people through and through.
That was who he always was.
A proud son of Wales and an honorary son of the Humber, he served the city of Hull for 40 years, as you said, Mr Speaker.
Everyone knew that he loved it as fiercely as he fought for it.
Everything he did was about making working people’s lives better.
That was evident from his whole career, a career in which he was often ahead of his time.
He led on climate change, fighting regional inequality, supporting the minimum wage, working to transform  public transport, building council houses and even completing the channel tunnel.
In many ways, he set the path that we walk today.
Make no mistake: he did things his own way and forged his own path, and in doing so he brought about some of the greatest transformation this country has ever seen.
John was the linchpin of new Labour, because beneath the pugnacious exterior he was a skilled negotiator, sometimes with immense and perhaps surprising sensitivity.
He had an incredible skill, which was the ability to bring people together from different starting points—whether that was in his work on climate negotiations or closer to home in his own party—to stand together in a better place.
That sums up another thing that I think the public sensed about John: that he was not in it for himself.
He was willing to work with people he did not agree with, as well as challenging those he usually did agree with.
He had great self-awareness and great humility, and if he disagreed fiercely in private, he would do so and then defend the line—often improved because of his intervention —in public to the hilt.
John was a team player and he was proud to play for team Labour.
That was never more evident than during the campaign season when it was time to bring out the battle bus, a tradition that our Deputy Prime Minister proudly continued this year.
The Prescott express was a morale boost to any campaign.
It may have been arriving in a Tesco car park, but John was always met with a reception like Beatlemania.
And no wonder: the public were at the heart of John’s politics and it was clear that the public had a particular place in their heart for him, too.
That was key to his popularity.
Indeed, after the famous incident it was the public who came out swinging for him.
That night, Labour campaigners were anxiously dispatched to the most accurate focus group that there is, the local pub, to hear what people were saying.
The reports were clear: the public had his back, just as he had always had theirs.
Tony Blair, my predecessor, said simply, “John is John.”