In fact, the numbers since the summer are not the highest on record.
That, unfortunately, was his legacy.
While he was the Immigration Minister, he increased the number of asylum hotels by 500% and increased the number of people in asylum hotels by over 900%.
Seriously, he should not try to give lectures to anybody else at all.
Well, I am going to give a little lecture.
If you really want to attack each other, can you do it before we get to topical questions?
These questions are meant to be short and sweet, because otherwise other Members will not get in.
Specialist domestic abuse services, such as The First Step in Knowsley, are facing an increase in demand but are having to turn people away due to a lack of funding.
What more can Ministers do to support such services?
I have visited The First Step, and to say that it is run by brilliant Merseyside women would be an underestimation.
Specialist “by and for” services play an essential role and provide tailored support to victims and survivors.
We understand the challenges that the sector faces, in particular with the level of demand their services are currently facing.
All decisions on funding after March 2025 are subject to the spending review process.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
We all want to stop criminals terrorising our communities, whether they are domestic abusers or shoplifters targeting our high streets.
Live facial recognition is being rolled out by our police forces, including on Sutton High Street in my constituency, but we cannot ignore the risks that this technology presents.
Facial recognition systems are most likely to misidentify black people and women, doing nothing to stop crime and further eroding trust in our police.
Will the Minister introduce clear regulation oversight of live facial recognition, such as that which the EU passed last April?
This is another area where the new incoming Labour Government are having to look at powers and measures brought in by the previous Government.
Live facial recognition can have very positive effects, but we need to consider whether we need a framework around it.
That is why I will be hosting a series of roundtables before Christmas to discuss with stakeholders the way forward on this technology.
The National Audit Office recently raised serious concerns about the previous Government’s decision to buy poor-quality, expensive and contaminated asylum accommodation at Northeye.
What steps is the Department taking to ensure that asylum accommodation is fit for purpose and represents value for money?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise this issue.
What the National Audit Office found in its report was not only an appalling process of decision making by members of the previous Government, but a grotesque waste of £15 million of taxpayers’ money—just like the waste of £60 million at RAF Scampton.
In contrast, the new Government are determined to cut asylum accommodation costs by stepping up decision making, reducing the backlog—
Order.
Gregory Stafford.
—and increasing returns.
Order.
It is the Back Benchers who do not get in.
Transnational repression by Iran, China, Russia and other unfriendly nations continues to be writ large on diaspora populations in this country.
What is the Government’s strategy on transnational repression, and will the Home Secretary reintroduce the last Government’s defending democracy taskforce to monitor incidence?
The hon.
Gentleman makes a good point.
The taskforce is examining closely the threats that he raises, and we shall have more to say about that shortly.
I am sure that the Home Secretary would agree that good government is transparent government.
I have been told by her Department, in response to a written parliamentary question, that the number of crimes committed by illegal migrants is not available through published statistics.
I am sure that the Home Office does hold the data, so will the Minister commit to publishing it in full?