So we will be providing stronger protections for survivors and ensuring that perpetrators are properly monitored and managed.
I thank the Minister for her response.
My constituent Samantha Billingham is a domestic abuse survivor who now runs training sessions on coercive control.
Coercive control is a thread that runs throughout all abuse, and I was shocked to hear that it does not form a core part of the training for the police, social workers or any other domestic violence training.
Will the Minister meet me and Samantha to ensure that coercive control forms a key part of domestic violence training?
I have met Samantha Billingham, a local west midlands legend campaigning in this space, a number of times and I share my hon.
Friend’s shock at the lack of knowledge about coercive control.
All police, social workers and others in contact with victims of domestic abuse ought to be aware of coercive control and its insidious effects on the victim, and of course I would be delighted to meet her.
There is a significant disparity in sentencing for murder based on whether a weapon was taken to the scene of a domestic crime or was already present.
Sentences for murderers who used a weapon already available at the crime scene start 10 years lower than sentences for those who brought a weapon with them.
Does the Minister agree that this disparity must be tackled?
I thank the hon.
Lady and pay tribute to Julie Devey and Carole Gould, two of the parents who are fighting this campaign.
A Ministry of Justice sentencing review is currently ongoing, and I know that Carole and Julie and Members here will want to feed into that.
What steps her Department is taking to help prevent young people from becoming involved in violent crime.
The epidemic of knife crime that has grown over the last decade is devastating families and communities right across the country.
That is why this Government have set ourselves an unprecedented mission to halve knife crime over the next 10 years.
We are already taking action to get lethal blades off Britain’s streets and taking stronger action against illegal online knife sales.
We are also determined to stop young people being drawn into violent crime and county lines in the first place, which is why we are delivering a radical new young futures prevention programme, with targeted interventions to help at risk young people and a network of new youth hubs.
I thank the Minister for meeting me recently.
As she says, too many young people are being drawn into county lines, suffering exploitation and violence.
This is a significant problem across the country, including in Norwich.
Many organisations are working hard locally to improve the situation, such as the Joe Dix Foundation, established by his parents after Joe’s tragic murder in 2022.
Can the Minister reassure me that the Government are investing all they can in preventive measures and set out what is being done to support organisations on the frontline?
It was a great pleasure to meet my hon.
Friend just last week to discuss this issue.
Organisations like the Joe Dix Foundation do amazing work to help keep people safe and keep young people out of county line gangs in particular, and through the Home Office county lines programme we are going after exploitative gangs and providing specialist support for children and young people.
Our young futures programme will establish those prevention partnerships in every local authority to identify children and young people at risk.
The Minister speaks of the young futures programme.
Will she work with the Northern Ireland Executive to put in place the same programmes so that we can prevent young people in Northern Ireland from joining paramilitary organisations, which are nothing more than organised and violent crime organisations?