That is why I am appalled by the volume of child abuse that is proliferating online, and why we are determined to act.
We are committed to robust implementation of the Online Safety Act 2023, which contains strong protections for children, but we will not hesitate to go further if tech companies fail to play their part.
Our investment in the National Crime Agency, GCHQ, an undercover online network of police officers and the tackling organised exploitation programme is supporting our efforts to keep children safe online by targeting and stopping the highest harm and most technically sophisticated offenders.
I greatly welcome the action that the Government are taking, but the fight against child sex abuse online is only as strong as its weakest link, and Facebook’s decision to allow the encrypted sharing of images makes it a very weak link indeed.
Does the Minister share my anger that Facebook appears to be turning a blind eye while its platform becomes a safe haven for paedophiles?
My hon.
Friend raises an extremely serious issue.
I assure him that we very much share his concerns.
The Home Secretary has met representatives from Meta and our officials are in regular contact.
What we say in all those discussions is very simple.
For years, Meta has been an industry leader when it comes to preventing and detecting child sex abuse online, and  what we all want to see is it continuing to play that positive role and not—as my hon.
Friend fears—going in the opposite direction.
My constituent lost his son to suicide following exposure to an online suicide forum.
He is sadly one of 88 known Britons, the youngest of whom was just 17, whose deaths have been linked to this one site.
Under the Online Safety Act, the Technology Secretary has the powers to include such small but very dangerous sites under category 1—the most heavily regulated category—but Ofcom has advised him against doing so.
Will the Minister press her colleagues in the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology to include these exceptionally dangerous sites in category 1?
I pay tribute to the hon.
Member’s constituent.
It is unimaginable for any parent to have to go through something like that.
We at the Home Office are working incredibly closely with our DSIT colleagues as the Online Safety Act comes into force to ensure that it is as strong and robust as it can be.
We are having those conversations daily.
What steps her Department is taking to tackle violence against women and girls.
What steps her Department is taking with police forces to tackle violence against women and girls.
What support she is providing to local organisations to help tackle violence against women and girls.
The scale of violence against women and girls in our country is intolerable, and the Government will treat it as a national emergency.
As part of this mission, we are bringing together Ministers from right across Government so that every Department does its bit, from prevention work in schools through to relentless pursuit of dangerous perpetrators.
On top of that work, we have already begun strengthening the police response to domestic abuse.
We will mark the next 16 days of activism with further announcements on our work to tackle spiking, stalking and other VAWG crimes.
Charities such as Aylesbury Women’s Aid do brilliant and vital work to support survivors of domestic abuse.
However, when these survivors interact with other public-facing services such as emergency or healthcare services, they are not always met with the same level of understanding.
What measures is the Minister taking to ensure that survivors of domestic violence and abuse are met with a trauma-informed approach across all public services?
A massive thank you to Aylesbury Women’s Aid for the amazing work that it is clearly doing.
I am afraid that my hon.
Friend and victims are exactly right in their assessment.