Can the Home Secretary reassure the residents of Dinnington that this Government will rebuild community policing, which was utterly let down over 14 years of Conservative Government?
My hon.
Friend is exactly right.
The percentage of people seeing police on the beat each week has dropped by two thirds over the past 14 years.
The percentage of people who say they never see the police has doubled.
That is the shameful consequence of 14 years of Conservative policing policies.
This Government will put 13,000 more police and police community support officers back on the beat.
Local volunteers in Potters Bar were left struggling on Remembrance Sunday to stop the traffic to allow the march to take place.
They were told by the police that they lacked the resources and the power to stop the traffic, yet on the same day in neighbouring Essex the police managed to visit a journalist regarding a deleted tweet.
Every weekend, vast amounts of resources pour into London for pro-Palestinian marches.
Does the Home Secretary share the despair of my constituents at this allocation of resources, and will she provide guidance for next year’s Remembrance service, both on police powers and the responsibilities regarding those marches?
I just point out to the former Deputy Prime Minister that the state of policing in this country is the policing that we inherited after 14 years of Conservative Government, in which they took police off the beat and in which we lost neighbourhood policing and PCSOs.
This Government have made clear what the priorities for policing should be neighbourhood policing, including tackling antisocial behaviour and town centre crime, and reducing serious violence, including knife crime and violence against women and girls.
We always believe that Remembrance Day should be respected, which is something that one of his former colleagues as Home Secretary did not respect.
I call the acting shadow Minister.
More than 13,000 non-crime hate incidents have been logged by UK police forces in the past year, including against schoolchildren as young as nine for classroom insults.
This is estimated to have taken 60,000 hours of police time and undermines public trust and confidence in policing.
The last Government tightened the guidance, and it has been widely reported this morning that the Home Secretary will update it again.
How will the right hon.
Lady know if her changes have worked?
What is the metric, and is there a target?
If the changes do not work, will she restrict investigations to take place only when there is an imminent risk of an actual crime?
I welcome the hon.
Member to her acting role—I am not sure how long she is acting for.
We have made clear what we believe the priorities should be for policing: neighbourhood policing and reducing serious violence on our streets, and that should be the case across the board.
We should have a common-sense approach to policing decisions in every area across the country.
On the issues she raised, the inspectorate has recently done a report, which found inconsistencies in a whole series of areas.
We believe that its recommendations need to be taken immensely seriously by forces across the country.
What steps her Department is taking to help keep children safe online.
There is nothing more important for the Government than keeping our children safe.
That is why I am appalled by the volume of child abuse that is proliferating online, and why we are determined to act.
We are committed to robust implementation of the Online Safety Act 2023, which contains strong protections for children, but we will not hesitate to go further if tech companies fail to play their part.
Our investment in the National Crime Agency, GCHQ, an undercover online network of police officers and the tackling organised exploitation programme is supporting our efforts to keep children safe online by targeting and stopping the highest harm and most technically sophisticated offenders.