The last Conservative Government did just that, delivering record numbers of police, with more funding than ever before, but we were not stopping there.
This year, the Conservative Government increased frontline police funding by £922 million.
Will the Minister commit to matching or even improving that figure next year?
I do not know if it is just amnesia on that side of the House, but I think the Shadow Minister needs to reflect on what we actually inherited: PCSOs cut by 50%, specials down by two thirds and over 20,000 police officers cut under the Conservative Administration.
So a little bit of humility about what they have left us with would go down very well.
What recent assessment she has made of the effectiveness of the Afghan citizens resettlement scheme.
We are determined to honour our commitment to those who supported us in Afghanistan and who stood up for freedom and democracy, placing their own lives at risk.
To date, the Afghan schemes have brought over 32,000 people to safety in the UK, including thousands through the Afghan citizens resettlement scheme.
We aim to continue to relocate eligible individuals through our established schemes as quickly as possible.
A major issue of concern for Afghans who have been here since the opening of the scheme is that their residency permits are now up for renewal.
I am sure the Government do not want to render illegal those whom we welcomed to the UK.
Can we have some guidance from the Home Office about some of the questions that people have asked me: where do people go for renewal; how is the Home Office  responding to those who have had several changes of address; and if there is a cost, what happens to those who cannot pay?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question, and for all her work for those who are here from Afghanistan.
We continue to seek to email and notify all individuals currently resettled in the UK whom we are aware of, and I will certainly continue to discuss with her the methods we are using for those facing other issues.
My constituent Dr Lubna Hadoura is an NHS consultant who desperately wants to be able to care for her 80-year-old mother, a refugee displaced from Gaza earlier this year who is now alone in Egypt and unable to care for herself.
Will the Minister assure me that her application for an adult dependent relative visa will be carefully, humanely and properly considered?
I am not quite sure that that is actually about the resettlement scheme, but okay.
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question.
The death and destruction in Gaza are intolerable, and I assure her that that application is being looked at very closely and she should be receiving an update very soon.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle domestic abuse.
The Government have set out an unprecedented mission to halve violence against women and girls within a decade.
I say this on White Ribbon Day, and it is good to see everybody wearing their white ribbons.
We are determined to tackle the scourge of domestic abuse in all its forms.
From early 2025, Raneem’s law, which will embed domestic abuse specialist teams into 999 control rooms in order to improve the police response to domestic abuse crimes, will ensure that victims get a swift and specialist response when they call for help.
We will also, finally, launch the pilot of the domestic abuse protection orders and roll them out across the country, which the previous Government failed to do three years after the fact of the law changing.
So we will be providing stronger protections for survivors and ensuring that perpetrators are properly monitored and managed.
I thank the Minister for her response.
My constituent Samantha Billingham is a domestic abuse survivor who now runs training sessions on coercive control.