Talking of Mrs Thatcher, my next memory of him was when I saw him having a quiet supper in the little Members’ canteen we used to have downstairs.
The moment my boss, Mrs Thatcher, came in, I could see John waving his hands in fury at her for all that she had done.
Neil Kinnock leaned over and said, “Calm down, John, calm down.”
I thought, “Here is a man of real strong opinion.”
We have so many anaemic politicians today—I am not looking at anybody in particular—so it was wonderful to have a man like John Prescott on the Opposition Benches.
John much mellowed and it was a great joy to serve with him on the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe.
I remember him saying that his children wanted him to go on “Strictly Come Dancing”, but he decided not to.
That would have been something for the history books—John Prescott on “Strictly Come Dancing”!
As a local Member of Parliament, I pay tribute to John Prescott.
I used to take my children to The Deep, and he did a great many things for Hull.
I wish hon.
Members could have watched Look North, our local television news programme, and seen the tributes paid by local people, who said how loved he was in Hull and how hard he worked for the people.
He was a great man and he will be sorely missed.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
I was deeply saddened to hear about the death of John Prescott.
I send my condolences to Pauline, his sons and all those who were close to him.
I considered him to be a good friend of mine and of Mansfield.
He was a giant of a man and a champion of the coalfields, devolution, local government and climate action.
I first met John in the 1980s, as an activist in the Labour party, and enjoyed supporting him in his first campaign to be deputy leader in 1988, and in his campaign to be leader and deputy leader in 1994.
His legacy includes setting up the Coalfields Regeneration Trust, which was established to help support former coalfield areas in communities such as Mansfield that had been impacted by the pit closure programmes of the 1980s and 1990s.
That helped ensure that my area received millions of pounds of funding.
John had a particularly strong link to my constituency of Mansfield, especially through my Labour predecessor, Sir Alan Meale, who was his parliamentary private secretary for some years.
Anecdotally, I can recall many endearing memories of John, including a time when we were playing table tennis in Sir Alan’s front yard in Mansfield.
It was a lovely sunny day and we were enjoying our game in the garden, on a day when the Prime Minister was out of the country on business.
An important call came through that John had to take, and we paused our game.
To this day, I have no idea who it was or what was said, but the conversation clearly distracted John so much that when he arrived back, he hit the ball with such force that it bounced right off the table and hit the ministerial car.
From that experience, I can assure the House that the left hook still packed a mighty punch.
In the years after John left office, I would often drive him back to the station at Newark or Doncaster after his many visits to Mansfield, so he could get the train to London or back home to Hull.
The insights from his frank and honest recollections of history from the Blair and Brown years will stay with me for a very long time.
May he rest in peace.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
When I first arrived in the House, it was common in the Conservative party—the Thatcherite Conservative party, I say to my right hon.