Gentleman will know that we set out very swiftly the response to the accountability review.
That included a series of measures not just on anonymity, but on strengthening the law and on the need for the system to work much more speedily to support officers in very difficult split-second decisions.
We have a review under way, involving Tim Godwin and Sir Adrian Fulford, which is looking at many of these issues.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle antisocial behaviour on high streets and in town centres.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle antisocial behaviour on high streets and in town centres.
What steps she is taking to improve safety in town centres.
Too many town centres and high streets have been hit in recent years by soaring levels of shoplifting and street crime, and damaging antisocial behaviour, at the same time as neighbourhood police have been heavily cut.
The Government are introducing new powers to tackle antisocial behaviour and shop crime, and rebuilding neighbourhood police on our streets.
Too often in recent years, antisocial behaviour has blighted our high streets, with people in Clwyd East feeling unsafe when they are out in their local community.
We know that neighbourhood policing works.
In Prestatyn, the recent work of North Wales police to combat antisocial behaviour at the retail centre has led to positive youth engagement and criminal charges.
Does the Home Secretary agree that rather than writing off such offences as low-level and leaving communities to deal with them alone, as the previous Government did, we must prioritise neighbourhood policing and give officers the powers they need to tackle antisocial behaviour head-on?
My hon.
Friend is exactly right, and I congratulate her on standing up for her town centre.
When town centre crime gets out of control, it impacts on local businesses and local confidence, and it impacts badly on communities.
That is why we are bringing in respect orders, under which repeat perpetrators can be banned from town centres, and setting out our plans to have 13,000 more neighbourhood police and police community support officers back on our streets.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for that helpful answer.
Many residents in my constituency flag up the real problems with antisocial behaviour in both Sheerness and Sittingbourne town centres.
Windows have been smashed in church halls, and shop windows were smashed when the Christmas lights were being put on—I am seeing this all the time.
Can she please tell me what help she is offering Kent police to support my residents facing this behaviour?
My hon.
Friend makes a really important point.
As well as our plans to increase neighbourhood policing and introduce respect orders, we are going to get rid of the ludicrous £200 rule that we inherited from the Conservatives, which means that shoplifting is very often not properly investigated.
That needs to be taken much more seriously.
This morning I had the pleasure of meeting Sunny, the new store manager at the Hotel Chocolat in Uxbridge, which opened today.
Unfortunately, during that joyous occasion, he told me all-too-familiar stories about the shoplifting and antisocial behaviour that blight our high streets.
Will the Home Secretary assure me that the 19% of the Met Police’s time that is taken up with London-wide and national policing issues will be taken into account when allocating the Met’s budget, so that we have the resources we need and, crucially, the police we need back on our high streets?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point; I can tell him that we have already provided Met Police with an initial £30 million this year to fund the police pay increase that was not funded by the previous Conservative Government.
We are also supporting neighbourhood policing right across the country and much stronger action, not just on shop theft, but on assaults against shop workers—a truly disgraceful crime.