I am sure that the Home Secretary would agree that good government is transparent government.
I have been told by her Department, in response to a written parliamentary question, that the number of crimes committed by illegal migrants is not available through published statistics.
I am sure that the Home Office does hold the data, so will the Minister commit to publishing it in full?
There will be a huge drop of immigration-related national statistics at the end of the week.
Two brave women from Maltby came to my most recent surgery.
Each told me about the horrific physical and emotional abuse that they had suffered at the hands of their ex-partners.
They also told me that the police had ignored non-molestation orders, which—as I know from my professional experience before I was called to the Bar—is far from uncommon.
What steps will the Government take to ensure that any relevant court orders are given due force?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
There is a serious problem of injunctions, non-molestation orders and protection orders not being  treated properly.
That is why we are introducing Raneem’s law, which includes stronger protection orders and specialists in 999 control rooms.
Chelmsford’s allocation of dispersal accommodation for asylum seekers is more than 120 beds, but the number found to date is about a tenth of that number owing to the high demand for and high cost of private rented accommodation in the district.
What extra support can the Minister offer councils facing the increasing cost of housing asylum seekers?
We are trying to co-operate much more with local authorities so that we can deal with these issues, but ultimately the way to deal with them is to get the backlog down and get people out of high-price accommodation so that we can integrate them if they are granted asylum.
I have met a number of British-Palestinian families who are trying to reunite with their families in Gaza.
Part of the entry clearance process requires the undertaking of biometrics.
There is no visa centre in Gaza, and they are unable to leave owing to the closure of the Rafah crossing.
Will the Home Secretary, or the Minister, please indicate whether they are willing to introduce a temporary waiver for biometrics so that people can complete the entry clearance process?
The death and destruction in Gaza are intolerable.
Palestinians who wish to join family members in the UK must do so via the range of existing routes that are available, but if my hon.
Friend wishes to raise a specific matter with me, I shall be happy to meet her.
What steps is the Minister taking to tackle crime in rural areas?
As I said earlier, I have met representatives of the Agricultural Engineers Association to discuss the implementation of the secondary legislation that is required to deal with the theft of agricultural equipment, and I am also having meetings with the rural crime units to discuss some of the specifics.
However, the neighbourhood policing guarantee applies in rural areas just as much as in urban areas, which is important.
My constituent Tracy set up the organisation Changes Are Made in memory of her grandson Cameron Hamilton, who was fatally stabbed in Bournemouth town centre last year.
Tracy believes deeply in the power of education and positive activities to tackle knife crime, and is campaigning for a youth hub in the constituency.
Can the Home Secretary update us on the progress being made towards the roll-out of a network of youth hubs, and will she support Tracy’s campaign?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend’s constituent Tracy for campaigning in memory of Cameron.
Too many young lives are being lost.
That is why we are setting up the Young Futures programme, with youth hubs but also prevention partnerships, to work across the country.