You can imagine the repartee and the arguments that would have gone on between them, which would have been incredibly funny.
In the 2017 election, John offered to help in any way he could, and he was fantastic.
We did several events together.
One day, we started in Hull in the morning with the launch of our arts manifesto, and then went on a tour all around Yorkshire and Humberside in the famous bus.
John seemed to know the owner of every fish and chip shop in the whole of Yorkshire, and insisted on stopping at every one, so we had a big supply of fish and chips all day long.
Then we got to Scarborough, where we were doing a rally in the pavilion by the seafront.
John and I got up to speak on the stage, and I do not think a lot of the people there realised that a political rally was going on.
They thought they were just there enjoying the sunshine, and then these two guys got up on the stage and started talking.
The people loved John, because he brought out Freddie the fox.
We had a long discussion about the evils of foxhunting—the evils of Tory foxhunting. “
The Tories are always going to bring back foxhunting.
The Tories would kill the fox.”
Then he pulled Freddie out of his coat and said, “Look at poor Freddie here.
They’re going to tear him apart.
That’s what the Tories do to you.”
He was loved for all of that.
I want to say thank you to John for what he did, but also to remember that one of the crucial points in his political career was the issue of climate change and Kyoto.
It was not easy, popular or normal; a lot of people refused to even consider what we are doing to the natural world and the environment, and how there are limits to what we can do, hence the protocol that John negotiated and signed up to.
He was one of the people who was very important in starting to change  the global debate about climate change and respect for the natural world and the environment.
We should all say thank you to John Prescott for that.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
The first time I met John Prescott in his role as Deputy Prime Minister was in 1997, when he opened up Admiralty Arch to 60 young homeless people as part of the winter shelter programme.
It was a bitterly cold winter, and at the time, the Conservative Back Bencher Crispin Blunt said that this project would be treating a historic building as if it were a “flagship for undesirables”.
Given that John was frequently described as an undesirable by many of his opponents throughout his life, he took that as a badge of honour, and he was really proud of that homelessness project.
I will never forget the way he shared breakfast with those rough sleepers and took a real interest in every one of their lives.
It was a testimony to his compassion, his practical politics, and his unwavering commitment to housing policy.
Many millions of council tenants saw home improvements—new windows, new doors and home insulation—and none of them will ever forget that.
Those are the basics that many of us take for granted, but which far too many people lacked at the time.
In a superb biography by my late former colleague on The Independent, Colin Brown, naturally entitled “Fighting Talk”, there was a lovely and telling quote from John:
“There are those priests of the Left who want to keep their consciences and there are those who will get their hands dirty.
I belong to the dirty hands brigade.”
John was regularly patronised and frequently under-estimated, but he had the last laugh by delivering for real working people.
For that, we are all grateful.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.