As part of the Labour Government’s safer streets mission, we have set an ambition to halve violence against women and girls, which I hope everyone will be a part of.
Today we are setting out new action to tackle the devastating crime of spiking, with a new stand-alone criminal offence to strengthen the police response, new specialist training for bar and door staff across the country, and new recording measures, because we fear that the prevalence is much higher than has been previously thought, and the dangerous criminals responsible need to be caught and stopped.
As we look forward to the festive season, everyone should be able to enjoy a night out without having to worry about the safety of their drink and whether they will be able to get home safely.
I met constituents at my coffee morning in Southall Green on Friday, who raised the constant issue of open drug dealing and antisocial behaviour in the town centre.
Will the Secretary of State work with the Mayor of London to ensure that we have more police on the streets of Southall and London as soon as we can?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
We have already given the Met an additional £37 million this year, on top of what it was previously allocated.
We also need to ensure that here and right across the country we have neighbourhood police back in town centres, because that is how to tackle not just local drug dealing, but antisocial behaviour and other crimes that blight communities.
I call the shadow Home Secretary.
Let me start by offering the Home Secretary a belated congratulations on her appointment.
Having been a Minister in that Department, I know how difficult her job is and I genuinely wish her well in doing it.
We will always seek to work constructively with the Government in the national interest.
I also associate myself with the remarks she made about International VAWG Day—International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women and Girls.
Since the election, 19,988 people have dangerously and illegally crossed the channel, a 23% increase on the same period last year.
Why does the right hon.
Lady think the numbers have gone up so much on her watch?
I thank the shadow Home Secretary for his opening words.
I think he described his time in the Home Office as his best ministerial job ever.
Given that he was Chief Secretary to the Treasury under Liz Truss, we can perhaps wonder why.
He was also the Immigration Minister who, I remind him, told the Commons and the Select Committee that he would not rule out using giant wave machines as the way to stop small boat crossings.
We inherited record high levels of small boat crossings in the first half of this year.
We have taken action to fix the previous Government’s chaos.
I am asking the Home Secretary about her record.
I am asking the Home Secretary why small boat crossings have gone up during her time in office.
Perhaps it is because, as the National Crime Agency said, we need a deterrent.
Yet she cancelled the Rwanda deterrent before it even started.
Now we hear Ursula von der Leyen, the European Commission President, asking European member states to look at offshore processing.
Is that not why it has gone up?
Is that not why the Minister for Border Security and Asylum admitted last week that she is opening new hotels instead of closing them down?
Seriously, what a lot of chaos!
Highest level on record: that was the six months of the last Conservative Government, while the right hon.
Gentleman was in government.
In fact, the numbers since the summer are not the highest on record.
That, unfortunately, was his legacy.
While he was the Immigration Minister, he increased the number of asylum hotels by 500% and increased the number of people in asylum hotels by over 900%.