What steps her Department is taking to help tackle shoplifting and violence against shop workers.
What steps she is taking to help tackle retail crime.
In the last year of the previous Government, shop theft reached a record high, and we saw intolerable levels of abuse against shop workers, leaving people fearful of going to work.
This Government will not stand by as these crimes devastate our high streets and town centres.
That is why we are committed to rebuilding neighbourhood policing, scrapping the £200 limit, which has let thieves steal below the level with impunity, and introducing a new, stand-alone offence of assaulting a retail worker.
Our shop workers will be putting in some long, hard shifts in the coming weeks to help us to get ready for Christmas, but a report from the Union of Shop, Distributive and Allied Workers has said that their risk of being the victims of assault in the workplace has doubled in the last year.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in commending USDAW’s Freedom from Fear campaign and affirm that the Government’s commitment to removing the immunity from certain types of shoplifting introduced by the Conservative Government will proceed at pace?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for highlighting USDAW’s findings and its tireless campaigning alongside the Co-op for the new stand-alone offence of assaulting a retail worker, which we will be proud to introduce in the forthcoming crime and policing Bill alongside the scrapping of the £200 limit.
I take this opportunity to recognise the commitment of Cleveland’s police and crime commissioner, Matt Storey, in tackling retail crime.
I look forward to working with all police and crime commissioners to tackle this scourge on our communities.
Shoplifting is a crime that threatens the feeling of safety for shoppers and shop workers alike.
In my constituency of East Worthing and Shoreham, the issue has become so severe that in the past year a resident has described it as an epidemic.
Can my right hon.
Friend please tell me how the Government plan to tackle this issue, so that shoppers and businesses in my area can operate in safety and with confidence?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that people in East Worthing and Shoreham and across the entire country want to know how this Government are going to tackle this epidemic.
I have referred to the 13,000 neighbourhood police officers, respect orders, the abolition of the £200 threshold limit and the stand-alone offence of assaulting a shop worker.
I want to restore confidence in the people my hon.
Friend represents—confidence that will make them feel their streets are safer—and ensure that criminals in their area pay the price for their crimes.
My constituency team and I recently visited shops on one of the busiest high streets in my constituency.
Of the first 10 we visited, nine said that their staff had suffered attacks at work, and all 10 said  that shoplifting was now pretty much a daily occurrence.
Does the Minister agree that extra resources and extra policing are part of the answer, but that we should also be looking at programmes such as offender to rehab schemes—one of which has been rolled out in the west midlands—to make sure we are also tackling the causes of retail crime?
My hon.
Friend paints a deeply upsetting and unacceptable picture of the impact that aggressive and repeated shop theft can have on retail workers.
The worst thing is that we know that it is replicated up and down the entire country; we cannot continue like this.
That is why we are determined to take the action that I have set out in previous answers, but I agree that we have to look at issues around rehabilitation for offenders, including treatment for addiction where appropriate.
Bath is a very popular tourist and shopping destination, but it has also seen the highest increase in shoplifting offences between 2023 and 2024.