May he rest in peace.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
When I first arrived in the House, it was common in the Conservative party—the Thatcherite Conservative party, I say to my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Gainsborough (Sir Edward Leigh) —to view John Prescott as public enemy No.
1.
It was an act that he loved playing into, in public at least.
That being said, outside the studio or the Chamber, he was friendly and helpful, certainly to me.
Indeed, he was almost the best possible constituency neighbour one could want.
John Prescott was quintessentially a working-class hero—an identity that I suspect the current Deputy Prime Minister also adopts.
Of course, he was a brilliant constituency ally and a forceful defender of the interests of the people of Hull, with the emphasis on force.
However, he was also a necessary champion of the new Labour party.
The Prime Minister referred implicitly to the fact that John Prescott delivered one man, one vote.
We should remember that it was an act of huge courage for him to take on his own union allies, I think at about one hour’s notice, and persuade them to support the neophyte Tony Blair.
Frankly, despite the snobbery of the London establishment about John Prescott’s education, it was a very unwise person who underestimated his intellect.
He was a formidable and brilliant innovator on—I am looking at the Environment Secretary—the environment, on Europe, on devolution and on a whole range of things.
He was what we would all hope to be: not a creature of history, but a changer of history.
For that, we should always admire him.
To put to one side all those grand things, he was also greatly, greatly loved by his family.
On that basis, I offer my condolences to Pauline and the rest of the family.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
I want to add my own few words to the tributes that have been made, and especially to welcome the comments from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull East (Karl Turner) , which were so warm and personal.
John Prescott’s great many achievements—his commitment to climate change and other matters—have already been spoken of.
He was a truly authentic working-class hero, and somebody who always attracted a crowd wherever he went.
He persevered with his famous battle bus through good times and poorer ones.
What may sometimes be missed is his commitment to devolution, and the great efforts he made in the north-east of England, where he committed to the campaign for a north-eastern assembly.
We were not successful on that occasion—the referendum was not won—but, ultimately, John’s legacy prevails in the devolved institutions and authorities that we have seen ever since.
On a personal note, I want to put on record my thanks to John for his personal support to me.
I found myself propelled on to the shadow Front Bench a little bit prematurely and unexpectedly, but he was of great support to me in discharging the transport brief.
He retained such immense knowledge, and on every single occasion he offered encouragement, for which I will be eternally grateful.
He was a true giant of the Labour movement.
We will miss him enormously, but his legacy remains.
I, too, pass on my sincere condolences to Pauline and to all his family.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
On behalf of the Scottish National party, I pass on our sincerest condolences to Pauline, to John’s family and to his many friends, colleagues and comrades right across the Labour movement.
You have lost a colossus of a man, and an inspiration to working-class people right across the United Kingdom who were encouraged by his example to go into politics.