The use of illegal high-powered Sur-Ron type e-bikes by criminal gangs on and around our high streets is causing significant concern, particularly in London, with incidents of antisocial behaviour, violent muggings and phone theft becoming increasingly more common.
Can the Home Secretary please update the House on discussions her Department has had with the Mayor of London and the Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police on what they are doing to reduce these incidents and make our streets safer across London?
The hon.
Member is right to refer to the issues around antisocial and criminal use not just of e-bikes—sometimes e-scooters are used illegally on pavements and off-road bikes cause havoc in local neighbourhoods.
That is why we will strengthen the law around vehicles used for antisocial behaviour, so that they can be seized when that antisocial behaviour takes place and the police do not have to go through a whole ritual of a series of warnings which delays action.
What steps her Department is taking to improve intelligence sharing following the terrorist incident in Forbury Gardens in Reading in 2020.
The horrendous attack in Forbury Gardens in Reading claimed the lives of three people, and it is all the more agonising for their loved ones that the subsequent inquest concluded that it was avoidable.
The Home Secretary and I are overseeing the implementation of commitments made in response to the inquest, and we are determined that all the lessons learned from this terrible incident are acted on.
I thank the Minister for his response.
James Furlong, David Wails and Joe Ritchie-Bennett were murdered in the Forbury Gardens terrorist attack in Reading in 2020.
The coroner found major problems with intelligence sharing between authorities, which was underlined in the prevention of future deaths report published in May.
Alongside others, Gary Furlong, my constituent and the father of James, is demanding that this is not just another report that sits on a shelf gathering dust.
What action will my right hon.
Friend the Home Secretary take to make permanent changes on the back of this attack?
Will she agree to meet Gary Furlong and me to discuss progress in due course?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this very important issue.
Our deepest condolences are with the loved ones of James, Joseph and David following their tragic deaths.
I assure my hon.
Friend and the families that we will do everything in our power to stop this happening again.
We will of course be happy to meet the families to discuss changes made, and I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend and her constituent to discuss the matter further.
I call the shadow Home Secretary.
I am sure that the thoughts of the whole House will be with the families of the Reading victims and the victims of other terror attacks.
Jonathan Hall KC, the independent reviewer of terrorism legislation, has said that as much information as possible should be put into the public domain as early as possible to maintain public trust.
Can the Minister assure the House that he and his ministerial colleagues have always disclosed relevant information at an early stage in relation to high-profile terror-related cases that have attracted substantial public and media attention?
The shadow Home Secretary has raised an important issue.
Yes, we agree with Jonathan Hall; he is absolutely right.
Our overriding priority will always be to ensure that the victims of crime get justice, and we will look at how best that can be achieved.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle shoplifting and violence against shop workers.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle shoplifting and violence against shop workers.
What steps she is taking to help tackle retail crime.
In the last year of the previous Government, shop theft reached a record high, and we saw intolerable levels of abuse against shop workers, leaving people fearful of going to work.