Bearing in mind that this was in the halcyon days before email, a campaign pack was something of a rarity.
We printed, stapled and posted out hundreds of packs to candidates the length and breadth of the UK, including one to the Labour candidate for Kingston upon Hull East.
Off it went, sent second class.
To our amazement, a week or so later, a reply came back saying that Mr Prescott not only supported the campaign, but had written to all of Labour’s candidates in his capacity as the general election co-ordinator, instructing them to take the campaign actions that our pack suggested.
More than that, when Labour was elected a few weeks later, he brought forward amendments to the Representation of the People Act to make it easier for disabled people to exercise their right to vote.
I had met John Prescott a few years before that, when I worked for the then Member of Parliament for Streatham, the right hon.
Keith Hill.
Both John and Keith were members of the RMT parliamentary group, which was as broad and diverse as its talent was deep.
I asked Keith ahead of my remarks today if he had any particular memories of John that I might share with the House, and he told me of one from his time as a Minister in the Office of the Deputy Prime Minister.
John and Keith were due to make a presentation on Labour’s housing growth areas to the Prime Minister, Tony Blair, in the Cabinet Room one morning at 9 am.
At 4 am, John was still working on the presentation.
He decided that he needed to know about the rail connections between Cambridge and Oxford, so he phoned Network Rail.
Members can doubtless imagine the startled reaction  of the poor Network Rail official who answered that call at 4 o’clock in the morning from someone claiming to be the Deputy Prime Minister, who had a very specific question about east-west rail links.
Tony Blair was equally amazed at 9 am. “
And did he tell you what the rail connections are?”,
asked the PM. “
There aren’t any,” replied John—“We’re going to change that.”
Now, thanks to the Budget, that change will finally be delivered—a fitting tribute, perhaps, to the work ethic, energy and enthusiasm for change that John Prescott exemplified.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
My condolences to Pauline and all of John’s family at what must be a truly devastating time for them.
David used to work in my office, and he sent me a message just after John died.
He was very close to his father and saw him as his hero and his friend.
We send our condolences to all of them.
I obviously knew John in the House for many years.
When he was first elected along with Dennis Skinner, they shared a flat in Clapham.
I do not know what went on in that flat, but while they were good friends, they were very different characters.
I later learned that after the last vote took place in the House, Dennis and John would both leave to go back to the flat, but they never travelled together.
Dennis always made sure that he got there first, so that he could get hold of the one television in the flat, turn it on and watch the darts, the snooker or whatever else.
John would turn up and want to watch “Newsnight”, and Dennis refused to change the channel—he would say, “No way.
You’ll watch the darts with me.”
You can imagine the repartee and the arguments that would have gone on between them, which would have been incredibly funny.
In the 2017 election, John offered to help in any way he could, and he was fantastic.
We did several events together.