We will work with others on an ongoing basis to make sure that we do.
I call the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
May I associate myself with the Prime Minister’s remarks about the terrible impact of Storm Bert and all the flooding?
Our thoughts are with all those affected, with thanks to our amazing emergency services.
Christine’s father was told that he needed end of life care, but after a few days it was removed due to funding cuts.
He was told that he would not get it, and he died a  few weeks later in excruciating pain.
Christine says that it was terrible to watch him suffer.
Does the Prime Minister agree that, whatever the House decides on Friday, it is urgent that we improve access to high-quality end of life care?
Will he make that a key focus of the 10-year NHS plan, and will he now commit to protect hospices from the national insurance rise?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for raising that case, and I am sure the thoughts of the whole House are with the family involved.
Obviously there is a very important vote on Friday, but whichever way that vote goes, we must invest properly in care across our health service.
That is why, in addition to putting the NHS back on its feet, we are putting forward a 10-year plan to make sure that the NHS can give the care that everybody would expect across the spectrum, including end of life care.
I thank the Prime Minister for his reply.
I hope that we will hear more from Ministers, particularly on hospices and national insurance, in the days to come.
I turn to the cost of living crisis.
On Friday, Ofgem said that energy bills will go up again in January, after last month’s 10% rise.
Millions of people are really worried about how they will make ends meet this winter, not least hundreds of thousands of pensioners who are in poverty but above the pension credit limit, who will now lose winter fuel payments.
With energy bills going up again, will the Prime Minister reconsider and restore winter fuel payments?
Obviously the whole House is concerned about energy bills, which are actually lower this year than they were last year.
The long-term way to deal with this issue is to have clean power by 2030, to make sure that we drive energy bills down on a permanent basis, and that is what we will do.
On the winter fuel allowance, the right hon.
Gentleman knows very well what the Government’s position is; indeed, I have rehearsed it with him many times.
Antisocial behaviour involving modified and off-road bikes is a menace, and has a huge impact on communities such as mine in Sunderland.
Although I welcome the work that Northumbria police does in partnership with our council, they need stronger powers and more resources.
Can the Prime Minister outline how he will back the police to tackle the misery caused by intimidating and downright dangerous antisocial behaviour on bikes?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this issue, because antisocial behaviour affects so many people.
Sometimes it is described to me as “low level”, but its impact is not, particularly when it comes to off-road bikes.
That is why we are implementing tough new respect orders, which will give powers to the police, including powers to seize off-road bikes and, crucially, a power of arrest for breach of orders—something that has been missing in recent years.
We will tackle this problem, because it blights communities across the country.
As everyone in the House will be aware, we are currently in the middle of the BBC’s scam awareness week.
The advice in that context is always simple: if you see a scam, you should report it.