That is why we are working with the industry.
There will be a statement later today, and it is important that we do whatever we can to support these communities.
Last weekend, during Storm Bert, Tenbury Wells was flooded for the second time this year.
It is a question of when, not if, the town will flood again.
The situation is even more devastating for residents because the town has a fully developed flood defence plan that is partly funded.
The Budget carried forward £2.4 billion for flood defences.
Will the Prime Minister commit to using his offices to finally get this scheme built and to fix the foundations of Tenbury Wells?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for raising this awful situation for her constituents.
We all know how devastating flooding is, both the initial damage and the ongoing challenges, including problems with insurance for many years.
We are committed to tackling this, which is why we set aside money in the Budget.
I will happily arrange for her to have a meeting with the relevant Minister to discuss the particular details of this case.
I thank her for raising it, as it is such an important issue for her constituents.
Last weekend in Cwmtillery, torrential rain caused a landslip.
Slurry, even boulders, poured down streets—people were afraid.
The Chancellor just agreed a welcome £25 million for coal tip maintenance in Wales.
Given the impact of extreme weather events, will the Prime Minister continue to prioritise coal tips, in order to keep our communities safe?
Yes, I will.
I know how much of a concern it is to my hon.
Friend’s constituents.
Indeed, he and I went together to meet some of those constituents last time there was terrible flooding.
The £25 million commitment to coal tip maintenance is very important.
We have now had two questions about flooding.
If  other hon.
Members have individual issues that they are unable to raise on the Floor of the House, they should get in touch with me or my office and I will ensure that they get whatever they need in support of their constituents.
We in the Scottish National party also welcome the ceasefire in Lebanon.
Now that arrest warrants have been issued for his allies—Netanyahu and Gallant—the Prime Minister’s determination to supply Israel with the weapons it requires to carry out its atrocities in Gaza, which has always been morally repugnant, is now completely untenable.
These warrants present him with a perfectly valid legal avenue by which he can end the UK’s complicity in this slaughter, so will he do that, or will the Prime Minister continue to choose to license F-35 components to a regime that is led by a man now wanted for war crimes and crimes against humanity?
We have set out our position under the current law, as the hon.
Gentleman well knows.
I have set out my position very clearly in relation to the sale of capability to Israel to defend itself against attacks, such as those from Iran, and I am very clear that we will continue to do so.
Derby city centre is turning the page on 14 years of Conservative decline, with a new performance venue, a new business school and a restored market hall, but across the country we see too many empty shops and quiet high streets. [
Interruption.]
This Budget is putting more money into the pockets of working people to spend supporting local businesses.
Will the Prime Minister commit, contrary to Conservative scaremongering, to support and protect the small businesses that are the beating heart of our high streets?
Conservative Members can chunter all they like, but my hon.
Friend is describing their legacy.
We are turning that around.
We are supporting small businesses, we are supporting the high street and we are rebuilding our country, as the Conservatives go backwards.