Before we begin, I would like to wish everyone a very happy Lancashire Day from the red rose county.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps he is taking to help support innovation in Northern Ireland.
What steps he is taking to help support innovation in Northern Ireland.
What steps he is taking to help support innovation in Northern Ireland.
Happy Lancashire Day to you as well, Mr Speaker.
The Secretary of State and I were deeply saddened by the recent passing of former UTV political editor Ken Reid, who was a close follower of Northern Ireland oral questions.
Our thoughts are with his family and his many peers across journalism.
I recently attended the launch of Invest NI’s business innovation grant, which received £440,000 of UK Government funding.
This will complement the Government’s work to target high-growth sectors in Northern Ireland, including the digital and technologies sector, through our industrial strategy.
My constituency in Edinburgh has two universities, both of which do excellent work with our counterparts in Northern Ireland.
Can the Minister tell us how the Government are working with universities to support innovation in Northern Ireland?
It is fantastic to hear of those close links, which are so important for innovation and business growth, in combination with the university sector.
Northern Ireland’s universities are key partners in boosting innovation and growth; for example, through the UK Government’s new deal for Northern Ireland, £11 million of funding is helping Queen’s University Belfast’s centre for secure information technologies to deliver a cyber-artificial intelligence hub—a leading cyber-security research centre.
This investment is unlocking a further £4.5 million of investment from the private sector.
Free trade across the UK single market, from major tech hubs in London, Edinburgh and Cardiff to smaller towns such as Weston-super-Mare, is vital to supporting innovation in Northern Ireland and across the UK.
What steps is the Minister taking to streamline Northern Ireland’s ability to trade with all corners of the UK, and vice versa?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that point and the connection to Weston-super-Mare.
There is a lot of work that we can do to support innovation across the whole country, including through the business innovation grant that I mentioned, which is especially for small and medium-sized enterprises.
It offers grants of up to £20,000 to enable those enterprises to come into the market.
Beyond its excellent universities, Northern Ireland is home to major innovative businesses such as Wrightbus, Spirit AeroSystems and Harland & Wolff, which specialise respectively in hydrogen vehicles, composite wing and aerostructure manufacture, and modular construction and shipping.
Given the economic importance of those businesses, can I ask the UK Government to look again at the future of the whole-site operation at Spirit, as well as at Harland & Wolff, to ensure that those investments and jobs stay in Northern Ireland?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising the important aspect of business innovation and for mentioning those businesses, which are important to Northern Ireland’s economy.
We are working with the Northern Ireland Executive to ensure the best outcome for Short Brothers and its staff in relation to Spirit.
The Department for Business and Trade remains in contact with Spirit, Airbus, Boeing and other potential buyers.
We want to see an outcome that includes a commitment to develop Short Brothers and its supply chain as part of any acquisition and that provides the best possible opportunity for growth in Northern Ireland.
The Department for Business and Trade continues to provide over £13 million of support for Short Brothers’ research and development activity.
Across these islands, Northern Ireland is at the forefront for fibre broadband due to our confidence and supply deal with the previous Government.
Can the Minister indicate what is being done to promote this golden innovative opportunity nationally, which would help small businesses right across Northern Ireland?