When does the Minister expect policing numbers in Northern Ireland to reach the levels set out in that commitment?
In the Budget, this Government provided a record-breaking devolution settlement of £18.2 billion, with £640 million this year and £1.5 billion next year.
It is now up to the Chief Constable to spend those figures.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 27 November.
The sympathies of everyone in this House will be with those affected by the devastating flooding that we have seen recently.
Our thanks go to all those working tirelessly to support the affected communities.
We have committed £2.4 billion over the next two years to build, maintain and repair vital defences to protect more communities from the awful impact of the flooding.
The ceasefire announced in Lebanon is long overdue, but demonstrates that diplomacy can succeed even in the most challenging of circumstances.
We must seize this opportunity to build trust, de-escalate tensions and push for a wider ceasefire.
This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
I associate myself with the Prime Minister’s remarks.
West Hertfordshire teaching hospitals NHS trust has eliminated 65-week waits and has now met all three national cancer standards.
Those remarkable achievements by the staff are happening despite their working in terrible buildings that are life-expired and crumbling.
If the Government are looking for a project that is high-performing and shovel-ready, that is it.
Will the Prime Minister give our trust the green light to build a new hospital without further delay?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising that issue, which is of importance to her constituents and beyond.
The new hospital programme we inherited was a failure of the previous Government.
We are committed to delivering, and we are reviewing to ensure that we can deliver.
The Health Secretary will set out further details, but I am very happy for her to have a meeting with the relevant Minister if she wants to follow up on the specifics.
Residents in Redhouse Park in my constituency are suffering from soaring management fees and poor service from their fleeceholder management company.
Recent BBC reporting has once again demonstrated the consequences of the outdated and feudal leasehold system.
All of them are frustrated by the broken promises of the previous Government.
Will the Prime Minister reassure them that this Government will introduce legislation as soon as possible to resolve the fleeceholder and leaseholder crisis?
Yes, we will do so.
I agree that the last Government totally failed to tackle the unfairness of the leasehold system.
We will provide homeowners with more powers, protection and data rights by bringing that legislation forward.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
At the CBI conference on Monday, the Chancellor said:
“I’m clear…I’m not coming back with more borrowing or more taxes”.
I know that telling the truth to the House is important to the Prime Minister, so will he repeat his Chancellor’s pledge now?
We set out our position at the Budget that was just set out.
We are fixing the foundations.
We are dealing with the £22 billion black hole that the Conservatives left.
I am not going to write the next five years of Budgets at the Dispatch Box.
We said that we would not hit the payslips of working people.
We passed the Budget, we invested in the future and we kept that promise.
The Prime Minister is not fixing any foundations; he is making everything worse.
The whole House will have heard him refuse to repeat the Chancellor’s pledge, a pledge as worthless as the manifesto promises that he is talking about.
If he is fixing foundations, why is it that the PMI index shows that business confidence has crashed since the Budget?
We are fixing the foundations.
We got record investment into this country.