And a happy Lancashire Day to you, Mr Speaker.
I join the Minister in paying tribute to Anna Lo.
Anna was the first non-white Member of the Assembly, but she cannot be the last.
I urge the Minister to encourage all parties in the Assembly to redouble their efforts to ensure that all the people of Northern Ireland can look to their Assembly and see someone like them.
I recently met Lilian Seenoi Barr, the first mayor in Northern Ireland from an ethnic minority background, who is showing the way for others.
I agree that people must see themselves represented, so I join my hon.
Friend in urging all parties across Northern Ireland to look at their selection processes and their invitations to meetings, and to make sure that all parties welcome everyone from every background.
Jay Basra is a 20-year-old Ulster Unionist candidate who ran in Mid Ulster at the last general election.
Jay describes himself as Punjabi-British.
When he announced his candidacy, he received a torrent of online abuse, which he described as “dehumanising” and “abhorrent”.
He said:
“It reduces me down to my skin colour rather than myself as a person.”
However, he has also said:
“If anything I’m even more determined to run again and increase the Ulster Unionist vote like I did in the general election.”
What words of encouragement does the Minister have for people such as Jay?
I am horrified to hear of that online abuse, and I am horrified to hear of any abuse that any politicians receive.
I commend Jay for his courage in saying, “Actually, this is not putting me off.
I want to stand again.”
The hon.
Member is quite right to raise this matter, as we would all want to do, and to show support for Jay and others who want to be able to say that they can stand and not receive such abuse.
We should call it out whenever we see it.
What assessment he has made of the impact of the autumn Budget 2024 on Northern Ireland.
What assessment he has made of the impact of the autumn Budget 2024 on Northern Ireland.
What assessment he has made of the impact of the autumn Budget 2024 on Northern Ireland.
This Government are providing the Executive with an £18.2 billion funding settlement for 2025-26.
This represents a £1.5 billion increase on this year and is the largest settlement since devolution.
It is now for the Executive to decide how the funding is spent.
One of the central aspects of the reconciliation process arising from the Good Friday agreement is the need to facilitate and encourage integrated education, so will the Secretary of State join me in welcoming the continued support for integrated education in the autumn Budget?
I certainly will, and I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that issue.
Poll after poll in Northern Ireland shows that there is strong support for integrated education from the public.
From memory, about 8% of pupils study in integrated schools, and I hope we would all like that number to increase.
Last week, my hon.
Friend the Under-Secretary of State for Northern Ireland and the Education Secretary visited an integrated school.
The Education Secretary was, I think, the 15th Minister apart from myself who has visited Northern Ireland since the election.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the recent Budget gives the Northern Ireland Executive the opportunity to really go for growth after many years of uncertainty?
I do.
There is no doubt that the funding the Northern Ireland Executive received as a result of the Budget was more than they had anticipated, but all government is about making choices with the resources we have and the income we can raise, and deciding what our priorities are.
The Budget provides a sound foundation for the Northern Ireland Executive to take the decisions they need to take.