The specific points that my hon.
Friend has mentioned will all be part of the consultation that my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Transport will lead on.
I assure the Secretary of State that I would have put the question I am about to ask to a Conservative Minister equally.
If all British car manufacturers came together and told the Government that they could not possibly meet this 2030 goal, would the Government nevertheless persevere in maintaining it as an immovable target?
I would recognise the right hon.
Gentleman’s fairness and equity whichever side of the House he was sitting on, and I have no doubts about that.
We do listen to those in industry and we have a very close relationship with them, which is why we understand that the destination they want is 2030.
The pressures on the system in the next few years are because of this situation, but—I say this in good faith to Conservative Members—I do not believe that the Ministers at the time considered the full set of European and global economic factors when making these decisions.
That is why we have to get the balance right.
Given that we are an export-led automotive producer, we should also recognise that if we were not ambitious about the transition, we would lose our export markets—we would not have anything to sell, because other countries have such policies and that is where the consumer is going.
This is about how we support the transition, and we are working closely with they industry on that.
I draw attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests as a member of Unite the union.
I thank the Secretary of State for coming to the House on such a difficult day for the car industry, and all our thoughts are with the workers in Luton today.
I thank him for the work he is doing in engaging with the industry and with unions on a better way forward on electric vehicle targets.
This news is really disappointing, but does he agree that we can and should be positive about the future of the automotive industry in this country?
It matters to me locally as the MP for many businesses in the automotive supply chain, as I know it also matters to many Members across the House.
I thoroughly agree with the content and sentiment of my hon.
Friend’s question.
The support this Government are committed to is about that transition, but we should be excited by what British manufacturers such as Jaguar Land Rover, Nissan and Toyota are doing, and at the luxury end of the market, about McLaren and Rolls-Royce supercars.
I could mention all of our iconic brands, and there are a lot of exciting things going on.
If hon.
Members are not aware of that, all those manufacturers are more than happy to host Members of Parliament coming to visit, so I encourage people to do so.
However, they will explain the pressures they are under in the short term, and they will endorse the change of policy this Government are putting forward.
The Electric Vehicle Association says that 14 non-governmental organisations, think-tanks and campaign groups are advocating for upholding the ZEV mandate.
We have just seen the most devastating storms, which have been dangerously accelerated by climate change.
I know that the Government know that net zero is not negotiable.
The previous Government persistently undermined the motor manufacturing industry.
Will this Government listen to the Electric Vehicle Association, which, after all, is supporting this Government in their ambition to get to net zero?
I genuinely appreciate the question coming from that perspective, but this is not just about NGOs.
We have been in close contact with big business about charging infrastructure, and I understand the  importance of that.