The Government have said that they will fast-track a consultation, but it needs to be fast-tracked today.
Urgency is the key, so when will that consultation start, and when does the Secretary of State expect it to report?
The previous Government did not do enough to incentivise people to buy electric vehicles, nor did they provide the right infrastructure.
What are the Government doing to increase sales of electric vehicles and increase the number of charging points in places such as my constituency?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his questions and observations, and apologise that he has had to hear me speak twice on this topic in the short period of time between last night and today.
He has asked the Conservative party to apologise for its economic record.
That case stands for itself, but I would also like to know, given how urgently this issue was presented to us as a new Government, what the last Government were doing at the end of their time in office.
What did they know?
What conversations were they aware of?
Certainly, we inherited a position of extreme frustration from the company, and I cannot imagine that that frustration had not been conveyed in some way to our predecessors.
Turning to the hon.
Gentleman’s specific questions, there were policies in the Budget relating to charging infrastructure—which I recognise is a key part of this issue—as well as £2 billion for research and development through the automotive transformation fund and the partnership with business that we use that fund for.
Obviously, the consultation he asked about will come  from the Department for Transport.
The shadow Secretary of State,  the hon.
Member for Arundel and South Downs (Andrew Griffith) , asked why that consultation is happening, but the previous Government set these policies out in primary legislation, so he knows that there are processes to follow.
Any conversation about the thresholds in the existing policy would be for my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Transport to have, but I refer back to my points about how the system works and the flexibilities and allowances in, and how we can make sure that we are giving automotive manufacturers in the UK a system that lets them get to the transition they and the consumer want, but in a way that works with industry to enable that transition to happen for the benefit of the United Kingdom.
I call Rachel Hopkins.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests as a trade union member, as well as someone with friends who have heard that they have lost their jobs.
Closing the Luton site will damage our local economy, with 600 more jobs at risk in the supply chain and workers and families receiving this devastating news just before Christmas.
I welcome the comments of the Secretary of State that decarbonisation must not mean deindustrialisation and the decimation of good, skilled jobs.
Will his announcement today move the dial in discussions with Stellantis to help protect the Luton site?
I also welcome his tone—he is taking this seriously, compared with Opposition Members—so will he join me in visiting workers and their trade union representatives at the Luton site to listen to their concerns?
I am extremely grateful to my hon.
Friend for her question.
I believe everyone in the House who cares about the automotive sector and working people in this country will share the sentiments she has expressed about the scale of what this decision will mean for Luton.
I can absolutely promise her that I will take up her invitation to come with her to the site.
I can also promise her the full deployment of my Department and, indeed, all of my colleagues across Government to provide whatever help is required.