I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this, because public confidence in the police has been badly eroded under the last Government.
We will drive that up with a major programme of reform.
That includes recruiting 13,000 more police into neighbourhood policing and the tough new respect orders, coupled with the power to arrest for breach of the order.
I sincerely hope that all of us in this House agree that good government is transparent government.
In response to my written question on publishing the number of foreign nationals receiving universal credit, I was informed by the Under-Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, the hon.
Member for Stretford and Urmston (Andrew Western), that the feasibility of developing suitable official statistics was being examined.
Will the Prime Minister today commit to using his good offices to publish this data transparently?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for raising this.
I know there has been an exchange on it, and as soon as I have an update, I will provide him with it.
Within weeks of the general election, this Labour Government delivered for the mineworkers and the mineworkers’ pension scheme.
It was well received, and it was justice done.
However, is it not time to seek the truth on policing during the miners’ strike?
Will the Prime Minister commit to an early and full inquiry, something which that lot denied for generations?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this.
The decision on the mineworkers’ pension scheme reversed a historic injustice, and I am so pleased that we were able to do it in the Budget.
As I think he knows, I met some of the Orgreave campaigners and listened very carefully to what they had to say.
They are entitled to the truth, and we are carefully considering the next steps to deliver it for them.
Next month marks two years since the death of Cody Fisher, a young man from my Stratford-on-Avon constituency.
Cody was a talented footballer with a bright future, whose life was tragically cut short when he was stabbed in a nightclub in Birmingham.
His mother, Tracey, has campaigned tirelessly in his memory for legislation to require venues to have bleed kits and metal detectors.
In the light of the Government’s commitment to tackling knife crime, will the Prime Minister meet Tracey and me to discuss these vital proposals to better protect young people like Cody from the devastating impact of knife crime?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising that tragic case, and I pay tribute to Tracey for her campaigning.
I have met a number of families on the issue of bleed kits, so I know at first hand how important this is.
We are taking measures in relation to knife crime, including banning the online sale of knives to make them less available, steering young people away from offending and implementing real penalties.
I am happy to look at bleed kits, and I will make sure that Tracey gets a meeting with the relevant Minister to hear more about what we are doing and to make her case.
I refer to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
The proposed closure of Luton’s Vauxhall van plant by Stellantis is devastating news for our town, with over 1,000 jobs at risk and the town’s future prosperity threatened.
Can the Prime Minister assure me that there will be a cross-departmental response to support the automotive sector and, importantly, good, skilled jobs in Luton?
Yes, I will.
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this, at a difficult and uncertain time for workers and constituents in Luton, and their families.
That is why we are working with the industry.
There will be a statement later today, and it is important that we do whatever we can to support these communities.
Last weekend, during Storm Bert, Tenbury Wells was flooded for the second time this year.