Will this Government listen to the Electric Vehicle Association, which, after all, is supporting this Government in their ambition to get to net zero?
I genuinely appreciate the question coming from that perspective, but this is not just about NGOs.
We have been in close contact with big business about charging infrastructure, and I understand the  importance of that.
I want to make it clear that that is why we are not undermining transition, but are ambitious with the industry about where we will get to.
Nothing we propose as a Government will itself reduce or limit the deployment of electric vehicles.
What I am talking about, and what we are talking about as a Government, is looking at how, for instance, the flexibilities in the system operate.
We are doing everything we can, alongside industry, to get to that destination.
I want nothing to do with the approach of the previous Government, which had a really detrimental effect on the industry, as it will tell any hon.
Member very clearly.
I am listening to what it means to have this change in economic circumstances in relation to private demand for electric vehicles, and I want to work with industry to get to the place or the destination that I think we both strongly support.
The previous Government were warned before the election, including multiple times in this Chamber, about the damage they were doing to the car industry.
The constant changes of policy on net zero, missing targets on the roll-out of charge points and the failure to even allocate the rapid charging fund have all undermined consumer confidence.
Will my right hon.
Friend make sure that, as soon as possible after his review, he balances the needs of manufacturers of cars and vans with the needs of consumers?
I believe my hon.
Friend’s analysis is absolutely right, and he and I were in the Chamber on several occasions when that case was made to the previous Government.
The intervention from the former Prime Minister was not based on any kind of business or economic logic, but was an attempt to create some sort of wedge issue before the election.
Frankly, that did them absolutely no good, because people saw straight through it.
I say again that to change the deadline, but keep the existing thresholds in place up until 2030 was the worst of all worlds—it really did have a negative impact on consumer confidence—and we will never repeat those mistakes.
The Secretary of State said in his statement that, at the time of the election, Stellantis was minded to close the plant.
However, since the election we have had the Budget, which has imposed £25 billion of increased taxes on business, and the Employment Rights Bill, which will also increase costs on business enormously.
Both have led directly to a collapse in business confidence.
Does the Secretary of State think that those decisions helped Stellantis to stay or go?
I can tell the hon.
Member categorically that those decisions had no impact whatsoever.
This is the crucial point.
I hear Conservative Members say this, but do they have any idea about employment conditions in the automotive sector?
Those conditions are well above the floor that the Employment Rights Bill will raise them to in the United Kingdom.
They should get out and talk to industry and have such conversations—please.
To be clear, on the wider point the hon.
Member makes about business confidence, I recognise that the outrageous inheritance this Government walked in on,   with Conservative Ministers not even planning to say how they would pay for the promises they had made, created speculation about where the revenue would come from.
I regret the fact that we had to make difficult decisions.
Ideally, we would not have wanted to make those decisions, but we are the people fixing the foundations and clearing up the mess the Conservative party left behind.