I believe everyone in the House who cares about the automotive sector and working people in this country will share the sentiments she has expressed about the scale of what this decision will mean for Luton.
I can absolutely promise her that I will take up her invitation to come with her to the site.
I can also promise her the full deployment of my Department and, indeed, all of my colleagues across Government to provide whatever help is required.
We are in conversations with Stellantis—as is the union, I believe—about the details of the package that will be presented to the workforce, but of course, I will engage closely with my hon.
Friend and with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Luton North (Sarah Owen)  to make sure that package is to the maximum benefit of her constituents and the wider area.
As a Bedfordshire MP, I know how significant the Vauxhall plant is to our local economy and as a local employer.
The Secretary of State has explained how devastating this decision will be for families locally, not just in Luton but in my constituency.
Unfortunately, though, he has said very little about how he is going to support the people who are losing their jobs.
Is the Secretary of State concerned that this Government’s tax on jobs will make it much more difficult to replace these 1,000 manufacturing jobs in Bedfordshire?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his sentiments, but the straightforward answer to that question is no.
This is a skilled and talented workforce.
These workers have not lost their jobs because of any deficiencies on their part; rather, they have been put in this position by a combination of factors, including the overcapacity in Europe.
To be frank, from the minute we came into office, I think the company already intended this closure—it has nothing whatsoever to do with Government policy.
I recognise the pressures arising from the existing policy we have inherited, hence the pragmatism on our part as a Government to make sure the policy is working for the transition, but I have no doubt that whether these workers choose to take advantage of the relocation offer or of demand elsewhere, they are brilliant, talented people who will be in demand.
I refer Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Before I start, I want to put on record that the 1,100 people who will be losing their jobs in Luton today deserved much better than the response from the Conservative Front-Bench representative.
It was very far from factual, and very far from serious.
I thank the Secretary of State for his statement and welcome any support for Vauxhall workers and their families, who are understandably devastated by Stellantis’s decision, especially this close to Christmas.
It follows the closure of the SKF plant in Luton North earlier this year after a century of manufacturing.
Like SKF, Vauxhall is, or was, synonymous with Luton.
Stellantis’s callous decision will impact our whole town—our whole region, even—so what support will be offered, not just to the skilled and dedicated Vauxhall workers who are losing their jobs but to our town as a whole, to cope with the loss of this manufacturing giant that Luton helped build?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for her question as well, and echo the sentiments I expressed to her constituency neighbour, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Luton South and South Bedfordshire (Rachel Hopkins) .
This whole decision is regrettable, but its timing is particularly regrettable.
As I said in my statement, since the new Government came into power on  5 July , we have done everything we can to try to avoid this decision.
I reiterated the offers I have made throughout the negotiating process, both in policy flexibility and potential new Government investment in the site, but regrettably it was not possible to change the decision.