We stand ready to do that, and I commend this statement to the House.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I thank the Secretary of State for advance sight of his statement.
This is a sad day for the 1,100 workers at the Luton Vauxhall factory, and our thoughts are first and foremost with them and their families.
They are the most recent custodians in a long history that goes back to 1905, when their factory opened its doors for the first time.
Luton-built white vans are icons of British business, representing to many the hard graft and skill of millions of traders, the self-employed and small businesses across this country.
The Opposition stand by those hard-working people.
We are on the side of the plant workers, because we know the value of skilled work and the transformative power of British business.
The closure of the Luton plant, I fear, is just a down payment on the jobs that will be lost through this Government’s relentless attacks on industry, their neglect of the realities of business, and their failure to meet their promise not to raise taxes.
The Government owe it to the plant’s workers to at least be honest.
This decision is the direct result of a Government policy that is simply unworkable for industry.
Stellantis told us as much when it said that the decision was
“made within the context of the… ZEV mandate”.
The Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders said,
“the UK situation is particularly acute with arguably the toughest targets and most accelerated timeline in the world,”
and that
“unsustainable business costs undermine UK industry”.
The Government’s policy on zero emission vehicles is a jobs killer.
They say they have been talking since July, so why this panicked U-turn today, when it is already   too late?
The last Government acknowledged that the previous vehicle mandate was too stringent.
We took the decision to push it back, recognising the impact that it would have on industry.
We listened to Unite the union on this.
The Secretary of State’s party unilaterally reversed those changes and brought the deadline forward to 2030.
Instead of listening to Unite, he listened to  the Member for climate central, the right hon.
Member for Doncaster North (Ed Miliband) .
Even today, the Secretary of State speaks of ending the sale of new purely petrol and diesel cars by 2030.
He tried to slip a subtle change in there, the consequences of which are significant.
I welcome the fact that, for once, this Government have listened to business, but he appears to be misleading business at the same time.
Can he explain exactly what his policy is?
As we see today, there are real costs to these targets.
Instead of having the courage to recognise that he was wrong, his solution appears to be yet another consultation, which is yet to take place.
How many automotive businesses has the Secretary of State spoken to about the targets?
In any of his conversations with Stellantis, did it ask him at any point to remove the fines?
Has he met the right hon.
Member for Doncaster North to entreat him to row back from his ideological pursuit of domestic targets, which ignores the fact British jobs are being exported to more carbon-intensive economies?
Most of all, we must not ignore the elephant in the room: the timing of the decision.
It follows a Budget that declared war on business, with a triple whammy of tax rises that remove incentives for growth and investment; a £25 billion jobs tax, which has left boardrooms across the country putting recruitment and pay rises on hold; and an Employment Rights Bill that the Secretary of State wrote while hand in hand with his union paymasters, which is already deterring businesses from hiring in Britain.
Businesses are ringing the alarm bells.