Most of all, we must not ignore the elephant in the room: the timing of the decision.
It follows a Budget that declared war on business, with a triple whammy of tax rises that remove incentives for growth and investment; a £25 billion jobs tax, which has left boardrooms across the country putting recruitment and pay rises on hold; and an Employment Rights Bill that the Secretary of State wrote while hand in hand with his union paymasters, which is already deterring businesses from hiring in Britain.
Businesses are ringing the alarm bells.
The CBI, the British Retail Consortium, UKHospitality and the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders have all said that the pressures on business are too much to swallow.
In open letter after open letter, statement after statement, they say that Labour is not on their side.
It lied about its plans.
It is attacking working people, and now it is attacking the vans that they go to work in.
The businessmen and women who gave Labour the benefit of the doubt are regretting it.
When will the Secretary of State listen?
When will his Government abandon their attack on British business?
Will he lead the charge to change course?
Why will he not suspend the fines and targets that have led to today’s tragedy?
That is the single most dishonest statement I have ever heard in my time in this House.
Order.
I am sure the right hon.
Gentleman will withdraw that comment.
Mr Speaker, I would like to clarify some of the points that the hon.
Gentleman raised.
The ZEV mandate policy is—[Interruption.]
Order.
We are on the same side.
We will be quiet, won’t we?
The ZEV mandate policy that the shadow Minister mentioned is a policy of the previous Government, as he is aware.
The changes that the previous Government made were not to the ZEV mandate.
They were not pragmatic about it.
They changed the destination and kept the fines, the ramp-up and the threshold exactly the same.
They allowed no flexibility or pragmatism in how the policy operated, but still undermined the transition, leading to a massive reduction in consumer confidence.
He asks whether I have talked to industry.
I was the guest speaker at the SMMT dinner last night; 1,000 people were there, from every bit of the automotive sector.
They are absolutely clear: they support the destination; it is how the previous Conservative Government’s policy operates that is causing them the problems.
As I said in the statement, as he would know if he was listening, or had read it in advance, 10 days into this Government, we were told that the plant was likely to close.
Labour has acted with pragmatism; we have been willing to look at any part of the policy to prevent this outcome.
The simple truth was that it was too late, after 14 years of failure, to put this right.
I say to the hon.
Gentleman with all politeness that he is out of touch with industry, with workers, and even with what the previous Conservative Government did, and that speaks for itself.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
This is indeed a hard day for Luton.
I welcome what the Secretary of State shared with the House, and the review of the zero emission mandate that he announced.
In that review, I hope that he looks again at the perversities of the regime that he inherited, which could involve petrol engine makers in this country transferring credits to companies like Elon Musk’s Tesla, and to Chinese EV makers.
If we really want to ensure a level playing field, why do we not reverse the decision of the last Secretary of State, follow the EU Commission and launch anti-subsidy investigations into Chinese EV makers?
The Trade Remedies Authority is ready to go—it just needs the Secretary of State to give the green light.