The Department for Business and Trade continues to provide over £13 million of support for Short Brothers’ research and development activity.
Across these islands, Northern Ireland is at the forefront for fibre broadband due to our confidence and supply deal with the previous Government.
Can the Minister indicate what is being done to promote this golden innovative opportunity nationally, which would help small businesses right across Northern Ireland?
This Government are working across the whole of the UK to promote those businesses, and the industrial strategy provides an excellent opportunity to have this discussion.
The UK Government are working with businesses, trade unions, local and devolved leaders, experts and international partners to develop that international strategy, which will cement this work and growth.
Eight growth-driving sectors have been identified, including some that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Warwick and Leamington (Matt Western)  has already identified—advanced manufacturing, clean energy industries, creative industries and so on.
The transition to net zero also provides huge opportunities, and we will make the most of them.
Has the Minister yet studied the national semiconductor strategy for Ireland published by the Irish Government?
If so, can she say how Northern Ireland will be able to exploit that strategy, and how the whole of the United Kingdom will be able to compete with Ireland, which has plainly identified this as an important growth sector?
I thank the right hon.
Member for raising that issue.
This is an excellent opportunity to raise something that I have not yet looked at.
I will go away and study it, because it sounds like a very important aspect of our joint working.
We have many international business opportunities to work with our counterparts in the Republic of Ireland, and I will take it up with them as well.
May I associate myself with the condolences to the widow and family of the late Ken Reid?
The family are constituents of mine in North Antrim, and Ken was such a part of the political architecture.
On innovation, there is no greater trailblazer in Northern Ireland than Wrightbus in my constituency, which has really set the pace on hydrogen.
How far have the Government invested in advancing that, and in ensuring that public funds, when they are needed, are there to build the hydrogen infrastructure that is so key to advancing that matter?
I thank the hon.
and learned Member for rightly singing the praises of Wrightbus.
The transition to net zero presents huge opportunities, as he has identified, for businesses like Wrightbus in Ballymena.
It is producing 1,000 low-carbon buses, securing 500 jobs in its factory and creating 1,500 additional jobs across the UK supply chain.
This shows that Northern Ireland is leading the way, and we will continue to work on such opportunities through our industrial strategy.
What discussions he has had with the Northern Ireland Executive on levels of representation of people from black and minority ethnic communities in the Northern Ireland Assembly.
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this issue.
I would like to start by paying tribute to Anna Lo, who passed away earlier this month.
As the first ethnic minority politician elected to the Assembly, she was a trailblazer, and I extend my sympathies to her family and friends.
The Northern Ireland Assembly currently has no Members from ethnic minorities or ethnic minority backgrounds.
I have met many community groups that have raised this matter with me.
The key to changing it is the membership and selection processes of the political parties in Northern Ireland, and we should think about what we can all do as Members to speak with people from ethnic minority backgrounds and represent them.
I wish the Secretary of State a happy birthday for yesterday—[Interruption.]
And a happy Lancashire Day to you, Mr Speaker.
I join the Minister in paying tribute to Anna Lo.
Anna was the first non-white Member of the Assembly, but she cannot be the last.