He was a colossus of Northern Ireland politics, and journalism more broadly across the country.
I thank her for those comments.
The Secretary of State will know that getting the city and growth deals back on track was good, following the disappointment of the pause that followed the incoming Government.
He will also know that there was a commitment in the spring Budget to support a skills and education centre at the Crusaders football club, for £2.2 million.
That remains paused.
I think the Minister of State has taken an interest in that project, and I would be keen for the Secretary of State to confirm that he will raise it with the Deputy Prime Minister.
I am aware of the pause that affects the particular project to which the right hon.
Gentleman referred.
Consideration will then have to be given to how that may or may not be taken forward, but I note his interest and I will follow developments carefully.
The Secretary of State knows that city and growth deals are about economic growth and ensuring prosperity within Northern Ireland.
Is he aware of the concerns among businesses in England, Wales and Scotland, who are saying that, as a result of the general product safety standards emanating from the European Union, they cannot send their products to Northern Ireland?
That is in stark contrast to the British Government’s position to maintain standards on CE markings with the European Union.
What advice and support can he give those businesses in Northern Ireland who want to trade, and to consumers who want to buy, in their own country but are currently frustrated from doing so?
Advice is being provided about the general product safety regulation.
Many companies already meet its terms, because they are exporting from the UK to the European Union.
There are steps that some businesses will have to take, but I hope the impact will be very small, because there is a way to get through it.
What discussions he has had with the Northern Ireland Executive on tackling violence against women and girls.
What discussions he has had with the Northern Ireland Executive on tackling violence against women and girls.
What discussions he has had with the Northern Ireland Executive on tackling violence against women and girls.
White Ribbon Day this week marks the start of 16 days of activism against violence against women and girls.
The scale of this violence in our country is unacceptable, and this Government is treating it as the national emergency that it is.
Every woman and girl deserves to feel safe wherever she is.
That is why the Labour Government have set out our ambition to halve violence against women and girls within a decade.
The Government want to take a joined-up approach across the UK, and I have discussed this issue with the First and Deputy First Ministers and the Deputy Prime Minister.
We will continue to work collaboratively with the Executive—
Order.
We want to get to PMQs, but we will not achieve it at this rate.
According to Women’s Aid, a fifth of all crime in Northern Ireland is domestic abuse.
We know that paramilitary organisations make reporting, confronting or escaping such abuse even more difficult.
How are the Government working with the Northern Ireland Executive to break down those coercive barriers to support for women and girls?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that question.
Alongside the alarming femicide statistics, there are other factors that add to the complexity of gender-based violence in Northern Ireland, and it is important to recognise and take action to prevent these factors—paramilitarism is one of them.
We need to tackle the grip of paramilitaries to end this abuse.
The theme of this year’s White Ribbon Day is, “It starts with men”.