They should hang their heads in shame, frankly.
We are providing in the Budget £22 billion of additional funding this year for our NHS.
That is a huge investment that is much welcomed and much needed across the NHS.
We will work with GPs and consult the sector on the services they provide and the money they are entitled to in return.
All that funding will be confirmed in the usual way.
We  recognise that Labour is determined to defend the economically disastrous Conservative policies of being  outside the customs union and single market.
However, does the Prime Minister agree with the principle that where it is in our country’s interest to maintain alignment with EU standards so that we can better sell our products internationally, we align; and where it is in our interest to diverge, we diverge?
I certainly agree that the deal we got under the last Government is not the best deal that we can get.
That is why we are determined to reset the relationship and we have already begun that.
Obviously, there will be no return to freedom of movement, the customs union or the single market, but beyond that we can increase and improve the situation, whether on trading, security or other co-operation, and we are actively working on that.
The final question is from Frank McNally.
Following a major fire at the Tradebe depot in my constituency in 2021, Scotland’s clinical waste was forced   to be transported to England due to a complete lack of forward planning.
Tradebe was only appointed after the previous contract had collapsed, leaving human remains languishing in a warehouse.
It has now been revealed that the Spanish company was bailed out with £5.4 million of taxpayers’ money.
Does the Prime Minister agree that the SNP Government have consistently failed to get a grip of clinical waste disposal and must act appropriately to protect the public purse and ensure public safety?
I do agree with that, and it is the rule rather than the exception when it comes to the SNP Government.
The challenge for them now is that they have the powers to act and they have now been given the money to act.
They have run out of excuses.
That completes Prime Minister’s questions.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I wish to make a statement on the announcement by Stellantis yesterday on the future of its manufacturing sites in the United Kingdom.
I know that yesterday was a dark day for Luton.
This is an iconic plant powered by a talented workforce.
There are very few people in the town who do not know someone who works at the site.
I wish to outline the steps that the Government have taken to try to prevent this outcome, and how we are going to support the industry and the area going forward.
The Transport Secretary and I found out about the challenges of this site just 10 days after the election.
The global chief executive officer told us that he felt extremely frustrated by the lack of action from the previous Government, which meant that his desire was to close the Luton plant.
Since then, we have been involved in intense negotiations with the company to try to find a way to keep the site open.
Following these initial meetings, in July of this year the company announced its intention to conduct a review of its operations in response to the significant pressures that it was facing in key markets.
Following the review, the company set out plans on Tuesday, which will see manufacturing at the two current Stellantis plants consolidated into a single location.
We were, and are, aware that Stellantis has significant excess capacity across Europe.
The company’s talk of efficiency and investment elsewhere will of course be positive for its bottom line, but that will come as no comfort to the workers affected.