The investment for which the Prime Minister is taking the credit was our work.
When I was the Business Secretary, we negotiated those deals that he announced.
The bottom line, however, is that in all that he has said, he does not seem to care about the young people who will lose their jobs as a result of his Budget.
Perhaps he can show concern for the 1,100 people who found out yesterday that they could lose their jobs at Vauxhall’s plant in Luton.
While he flies around making unilateral commitments, back at home the real-world effects are businesses closing in Bedfordshire and Basildon.
Does he stand by his promise to ban the sale of petrol cars by 2030, even if more jobs will be lost? [
Interruption.]
I would not normally invite a heckle, but that one was accurate.
The question of the position of jobs in Luton is a very serious one—families and workers will be very worried, and we are engaging with them—but I remind the Leader of the Opposition that the electric vehicle mandates that are an issue in this particular case were  introduced by the last Government.
I also remind her that she was the Business Secretary who introduced them.
We are getting on with supporting those communities while she is shouting from the sidelines.
The Prime Minister clearly did not read his briefing about the EV mandate.
The fact is that we changed the date and made it easier for people.
Everything he has done has attacked people.
The Budget was an attack on farmers, an attack on workers, an attack on pensioners, an attack on the young, and an attack on thousands of charities and businesses across the country.
The whole system is broken, and the Prime Minister is making things worse.
Everyone is unhappy.
Is it not a good thing that the Chancellor is an expert on customer complaints?
I think the right hon.
Lady has just read out the charge sheet against the last Government.
Everything is broken, but the Opposition come here every week with absolutely nothing to offer except complaints—nothing constructive; no new ideas.
They do not know what they are doing from one day to the next.
They are living in a fantasy world in which everything was fine, apparently, for 14 years.
Well, the country is fed up with those fantasies.
It has got rid of those fantasies.
We are going to take the hard decisions.
The Opposition are jumping on every passing bandwagon, while we are taking the country forward.
As we enter the last week of Islamophobia Awareness Month, the Prime Minister will know that this year has been extraordinarily difficult for British Muslims on the receiving end of society’s most deplorable attitudes.
They have been considered easy prey for the far right, and scapegoated by politicians endorsing institutional Islamophobia.
The reality is that the emboldening and normalisation of Islamophobia, as highlighted in a number of reports, led to the race riots that we saw on the streets of Britain this summer, when mosques and those who are visibly Muslim were subjected to despicable attacks, with many left fearing for their lives.
Will the Prime Minister condemn those in public office and positions of power who actively promote Islamophobia?
Will he commit to adopting a definition today, and will he further outline what concrete steps the Government are taking to rip out Islamophobia at its roots, including in this place?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise Islamophobia.
There has been a concerning rise in Islamophobia and antisemitism over recent months, and we are committed to tackling all forms of hatred.
We will work with others on an ongoing basis to make sure that we do.
I call the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
May I associate myself with the Prime Minister’s remarks about the terrible impact of Storm Bert and all the flooding?