Friend is describing their legacy.
We are turning that around.
We are supporting small businesses, we are supporting the high street and we are rebuilding our country, as the Conservatives go backwards.
My constituents in Exmouth and Exeter East, and our neighbours across the south-west, are understandably concerned about the rail disruption and potential economic damage that the HS2 construction at Old Oak Common will cause to our region for at least the next seven years.
Will the Prime Minister please commit to producing a full mitigation plan, as soon as possible, to address those issues and ensure that the south-west does not lose out?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for raising this issue, which is of real importance to his constituents.
We have committed £30 million to mitigate the impact of the construction at Old Oak Common.
Local services will be unaffected and current plans will see services run between Exeter and London Euston.
I am very happy to arrange a meeting with the relevant Minister, if the hon.
Gentleman wants that, to follow up on the particular concern of his constituents.
After 14 years of the Tories, our criminal justice system is on its knees, with just 4.4% of domestic assault cases recorded by the police resulting in a conviction.
Last Monday was the International Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women, so will the Prime Minister tell us what he will do to ensure that the criminal justice system works for women and girls in North West Leicestershire and beyond?
My hon.
Friend is right to say that the criminal justice system was broken by the last Government, like everything else they touched in the past 14 years.
We take the issue extremely seriously.
We have made a commitment to halving violence against women and girls.
We are taking a number of measures in relation to that, for example piloting domestic abuse protection orders and making it clear that we will introduce a stand-alone offence of spiking.
Those are some of the measures that, frankly, we ought to be able to work on across the House, because the issue is of such importance.
Ukraine faces a hell of a battle on its eastern front with Russia, but on the home front the challenge is just as great.
As it faces a harsh winter, it was reported just last week that 80% of Ukraine’s energy infrastructure is either damaged or destroyed.
They desperately need power generators and associated equipment.
Will the Prime Minister agree to meet me to discuss the provision of energy aid to this important ally, Ukraine?
This is a very serious issue.
We have provided £370 million of support to the energy sector in Ukraine, which is being targeted by the Russian strikes.
I will ensure that my hon.
Friend gets a meeting with the relevant Minister.
I am pleased that on this issue there is unity across the House in our defence of Ukraine in the face of Russia’s aggression.
After years of neglect under the previous Conservative Government, GP surgeries are at breaking point and across North East Hampshire they are preparing now for huge bills to pay increased employer’s national insurance contributions.
Hart Health Partnership in Fleet estimates that this will cost it three nursing salaries and it has already reduced staff hours by 50 per week, with more cuts due in January.
Can the Prime Minister please tell GPs in my constituency which patient services they should cut in order to pay the bills?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right that the NHS was broken by the last Administration, and the Darzi report makes that absolutely—[Interruption.]
They should hang their heads in shame, frankly.
We are providing in the Budget £22 billion of additional funding this year for our NHS.
That is a huge investment that is much welcomed and much needed across the NHS.