In that review, I hope that he looks again at the perversities of the regime that he inherited, which could involve petrol engine makers in this country transferring credits to companies like Elon Musk’s Tesla, and to Chinese EV makers.
If we really want to ensure a level playing field, why do we not reverse the decision of the last Secretary of State, follow the EU Commission and launch anti-subsidy investigations into Chinese EV makers?
The Trade Remedies Authority is ready to go—it just needs the Secretary of State to give the green light.
I am grateful to the Chair of the Select Committee, including for the exchanges that we had in the Committee evidence session yesterday.
He is right that because of the position we inherited—the issues with the flexibilities in the policy and the fact that no domestic producer is on track—the transfer he described is effectively the problem.
That is why I say that decarbonisation cannot mean deindustrialisation.
It is precisely what we inherited that we are critiquing.
We do not want to undermine the transition in the way the previous Prime Minister did—anyone in industry in the sector could tell Conservative Members how disastrous that was—but we need to give a breathing space, and ensure that the policy has none of the perverse incentives that he described.
On subsidies, the Trade Remedies Authority and the potential response from the UK, we have to bear in mind two things.
First, under the system that we inherited, industry makes the application.
I have powers to do that, as Secretary of State, but they have never been used, to my knowledge.
Secondly, we must remember that the UK automotive sector is a world-class, export-led sector.
If we were to go down any kind of protectionist  route on principle, we would have to bear in mind what it would mean for the markets we sell vehicles into.
If we sell 80% of our product abroad, we have to consider the international export position, alongside the domestic market position.
If industry makes that request, of course that request will be followed up, in accordance with the way the system operates.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I thank the Secretary of State for advance copy of his statement.
Yesterday, like the Secretary of State, I attended the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders annual dinner, and I greatly appreciated the opportunity to hear directly from such an important sector for the British economy.
UK car manufacturing brings billions of pounds into our economy.
It employs hundreds of thousands of people directly, and many more thousands across its supply chain.
It is at the forefront of the green transition, and of making transport sustainable for the future via electric vehicles.
Most importantly, the industry is always willing to be frank with me and with other politicians; it reaffirmed to me that it sees major hurdles on the horizon, and the closure of Vauxhall’s 100-year-old factory in Luton is a sign of great troubles ahead.
Inevitably, the Conservatives will play politics with the announcement, but there is still no apology from them for trashing the economy.
There is not one moment of reflection that the previous Government’s policy on electric vehicles was a disaster.
The policy simply did not do enough on infrastructure and incentives.
The Government therefore need to fix the Tories’ mess.
As a starting point, the Government urgently need to work with Vauxhall to mitigate this major shock for the area.
The Government have said that they will fast-track a consultation, but it needs to be fast-tracked today.
Urgency is the key, so when will that consultation start, and when does the Secretary of State expect it to report?
The previous Government did not do enough to incentivise people to buy electric vehicles, nor did they provide the right infrastructure.