That cannot be called “headwinds”; to quote Van Morrison, it is a “Full Force Gale”.
Does the Secretary of State agree that by increasing employer national insurance contributions rather than growing the economy on both sides of the North channel, we are threatening jobs, stopping investment, jacking up prices, and putting business viability at risk?
The businesses I meet in Northern Ireland are vibrant and looking forward to the future.
Of course the increase in employer national insurance contributions presents challenges for some businesses, but there is no getting away from the fiscal inheritance that this Government found when we arrived in office.
The foundations had to be fixed, and that is what we are doing.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I associate Conservative Members with the remarks that the Under-Secretary of State made about Ken Reid; he will be very much missed.
A belated happy birthday to the Secretary of State for yesterday.
Last week, the Secretary of State suggested to the Northern Ireland Affairs Committee that the Treasury had not yet conducted a detailed analysis of how the Budget will affect farmers in Northern Ireland.
Has he now asked it to do so?
The Treasury has conducted an analysis of the overall number of farms that it thinks will be affected.
It is important that people look at all the arrangements that we have put in place, including how, as the hon.
Gentleman will know, individuals can pass £1.5 million on to family members and couples up to £3 million when all the allowances are added together, as well as interest-free payments over 10 years.
Of course, land transferred seven years before death can go to children with no inheritance tax paid.
I should have congratulated the hon.
Gentleman on his double-hatted appointment: he is shadow Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster as well as shadow Secretary of State.
He will now have many a merry conversation with himself about the Windsor framework.
And, I hope, conversations with the Secretary of State.
He will know that the make-up of farming in Northern Ireland is slightly different from that in the rest of the UK: there is a greater density of farms in sole ownership and agricultural land is worth more.
That means that farms in Northern Ireland are more exposed to Labour’s family farms tax.
The farmers I have met in Northern Ireland are deeply concerned about that.
As the Secretary of State said, there is disagreement nationally about the figures.
On one side, we have the Government who say that not many farms will be affected.
On the other side, we have the experts who say that very many farms will be affected.
Transparency will help everyone.
Will the Secretary of State commit to asking the Chancellor to publish detailed Treasury working on the Budget’s impact on farms in Northern Ireland so that independent experts can check their figures?
To understand the impact, we have to look at the ownership structure of each individual farm.
I am not entirely sure whether the hon.
Gentleman is advocating that the Government should do that for all farms right across the country.
It will be for farmers to look at the arrangements that will apply from 2026 and to take advice on how they can ensure that they can continue to pass their family farms to their children and grandchildren.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Total income from farming in Northern Ireland fell by 44% last year amid volatile markets, soaring costs and declining output.
More than 6,000 Northern Ireland farmers recently gathered in the Eikon exhibition centre to highlight the impact that the changes to agricultural property relief will have on their sector.
With dairy farming facing serious economic challenges and gross agricultural output declining, can the Secretary of State commit to publishing a full impact assessment of APR removal for Northern Ireland’s farming sector, as well as its wider implications?