The courts, or local authorities, already have a requirement to intervene where there is serious risk to a child.
That is why I have used that body of law.
Again, I do not think that it is our place to meddle with that body of well-established practice law.
If he feels that there are words  that would make that clearer, that is a case for sending the Bill to Committee and tabling amendments, and I will genuinely ensure that they get a hearing.
The Bill reflects the limits in existing statute about where parents’ behaviour can go from supporting their child, through challenging conversations, to abuse.
I am slightly concerned that there is a risk that some who oppose the Bill are suggesting that, if a parent’s challenging of their child’s LGBT inherent nature—who they are—becomes abuse, that is somehow acceptable: that being LGBT is a perversion and therefore that someone can be abusive to their child if they are LGBT, something they have not chosen but is inherent to who they are.
Does the hon.
Gentleman agree?
I quite agree.
I have spoken to lots of people who have undergone conversion practices, often pushed by their parents.
Almost none of them has said to me that they want their parents prosecuted; almost all have said that they want the practice to stop.
That is the difference.
That is what the Bill will do.
I acknowledge that there are many areas in which we may need clarity when the Bill is in operation.
The Bill would require the Secretary of State to produce full guidance, and it would require devolved bodies to do so if the Bill is applied in their areas.
While there is no ability to change the core offence in the Bill, clarificatory amendments are allowed under the affirmative procedure, which requires a vote in both Houses.
It can never look back, but it can change things going forward when it needs to.
The Bill would create an offence of sending someone abroad, using the same framework as that for female genital mutilation, an established piece of law that is already on the statute book.
Other Bills have tried to lock people up for these practices.
To me, that seems totally foolish.
Broadly, I do not believe in sending people to prison if we can find other ways to stop the practice.
Therefore, I propose a fine not exceeding level 5 for conviction of an either-way offence in the magistrates court or the Crown Court, depending on the defendant or the prosecutor.
Some ask: “Why not a civil fine rather than a criminal fine?”
It is quite simple.
The balance of probabilities is the test in civil law, and beyond reasonable doubt the test in criminal law.
Do people want a lower threshold or a higher threshold?
I have chosen the higher threshold to ensure that we get only the egregious cases.
We have seen the scandal of the Post Office, and many people have expressed a fear of activist groups on either side—using money from America or big donors—bringing private prosecutions and creating a chilling effect.
At the suggestion of the Gay Men’s Network, but supported by all the people I have spoken to, I have prevented that from happening by allowing prosecutions only with the approval of the Director of Public Prosecutions in England, Wales and Northern Ireland.
If the Bill is enacted by the Scottish Government, those protections already exist in Scotland.
Finally, on penalties, we have sought to ensure that those with responsibility as charity trustees who are convicted under the Bill will be debarred from holding office.
Being a trustee is a position of trust, and these practices often happen in those settings.
The Charity Commission could, on application, remove that debarring if it wished to do so.
On the review clause, which  the hon.