It is important that the Bill is drawn as broadly as possible, covering all aspects of the LGBT+ community.
I spoke in a previous Westminster Hall debate on this subject, as did a number of Members present, and I described how removing the T, so that the Bill protects only LGB people, is a trap door.
As the hon.
Member for Rutland and Melton said, if we allow that trap door, people who enjoy protection from torture because they  are lesbian, gay or bisexual will simply be told that they are trans, and that loophole will be used to attack people whether or not they have a transgender identity.
It is a trap door, which is why the Bill must be as broad as possible.
I have spoken to equality activists and members of the LGBT community in Plymouth about the Bill, and they have asked me to pose two questions to my hon.
Friend the Member for Brighton, Kemptown.
First, does the Bill include asexual people and, secondly, does it include non-binary people?
These are fair questions, and they are important because, if we are considering the full extent of the LGBT+ community, we must consider those people who might not necessarily describe themselves as transgender, and might not especially describe themselves as LGB in some way.
Some clarity in the explanatory notes, or on the face of the Bill, would be useful to affirm to those communities that they are captured by the measures.
I understand from what my hon.
Friend has said that they will be, but I would be grateful if he mentioned that when he winds up.
This House needs to consider how we come together, rather than how we divide.
I support my hon.
Friend’s plea for the Bill to go to Committee, where those who have a legitimate challenge—from their point of view—can table amendments.
What I would like to hear in the debate is this: in which clause is there a problem?
In which clauses might alternative wording address that problem?
Over the past few months, I have seen my crazy, ridiculous hon.
Friend, who normally runs headlong into walls to knock them down, take his time to be balanced, calm and considerate.
I do not know whether it is a temporary affliction or part of a new chapter in his behaviour, but I have seen him make every effort to speak to people he agrees with and disagrees with, to take on board their views.
Not only is that something that we should, for all our sakes, encourage in his behaviour, but it makes the Bill better, because it makes it supportive.
The gravity of this issue cannot be overstated.
Recent polling by LGBT anti-abuse charity Galop found that one in five LGBT people and more than a third of trans people in the UK have been subject to attempted conversion.
Another charity, Mind, which focuses on mental health issues, found that those who have undergone such practices are twice as likely to have suicidal thoughts and 75 times more likely to plan to attempt suicide.
There are real-world consequences.
That has led Mind and 20 other mental health charities, NHS bodies and professional counselling and psychotherapy organisations to define conversion practice as “unethical and harmful” and to call for them to be banned.
I agree with them and with the Bill.
However, there will be people watching the debate who have perhaps not searched out the text of the Bill.
They will be looking at the tone of the debate to see whether this House reflects their views and, for the LGBT+ community, whether it reflects their right to exist.
That matters.
The words we choose matter.
To those LGBT people who are watching this, I echo the words of the hon.
Member for Rutland and Melton: they are seen, they are welcome and they are loved.
I want everyone to be authentically true to who they are.