Most days on the “Today” programme we hear about sex and identity.
As it is on our media so much, we have to reflect on legislation and application, but it is only relatively recently, in 2005, that the transgender or transsexual side of the issue came into the mainstream and the forefront of people’s understanding.
I bought at the time the album “I am a Bird Now” by Antony and the Johnsons, and it was an interesting listen; it is good music with interesting and challenging lyrics.
It highlights some of the challenges that people go through, and which many people in society would not know about.
Many people would not know about the transition process and how challenging it is.
Before the debate developed in the way it has, most people when hearing about trans people would try to be understanding, supportive and sympathetic and would want to encourage those people on the path they had chosen to go down, but that is not universal; many people are hostile and toxic about that.
But 2005 was, at least for me, the transition point when trans identity became far more public an issue.
We have to understand how difficult it is for society to adjust, especially given certain aspects of trans; for example, significant surgery is done to people as part of that process, and quite significant pharmaceuticals are used in the process.
These are not easy things to adjust to for mums, dads, sons, daughters, brothers, sisters, the wider family and the wider community, such as, perhaps, churches, mosques or other organisations, when seeing and hearing that someone is concerned and thinking about transitioning.
How protected are those people from the threats of conversion practices or illegalisation of what they would consider a normal if challenging conversation?
If someone wants to go down a route involving significant surgery and life-changing drugs, that might be irreversible, especially for a child reaching puberty; drugs that stop the process of puberty can have substantial impacts and there should be some understanding of the lifelong impacts of taking those drugs, especially if someone wants to detransition.
It is very challenging for those people to make that decision in the first place.
It is challenging for their families watching them try to understand the issues, which are far better understood these days than they were previously, to say, “Is that the right choice?
Is that the route you want to go down?”
We have to be 100% certain that normal family conversations will not be taken through the courts.
My hon.
Friend is making an excellent speech that makes clear how nuanced the debate is and how complicated an area it is in which to legislate.
Does he share my concern that the Bill could criminalise somebody who perhaps is not a parent, but maybe an older friend and mentor to a young person, who deliberately sets out to try to dissuade them over a period of time from going down a transition route, taking cross-sex hormones and pursuing surgery?
Does he share my concern that that person could be caught under the Bill in a practice that perhaps he and I would think is not abusive at all, but seeks to rescue that child from permanent harm?
I agree.
The jeopardy for that individual is substantial.
That issue has not been covered, and they are not protected under the legislation as it stands.
There is a significant aspect to this matter about free will and decision making.
If a young person is looking to go down a certain route—again, the transformation to someone’s life if they transition is profound and, in many ways, irreversible—perhaps the individual wants to be certain that the young person is making the right decision.
How can someone be certain they are making the right decision?
One way is by asking the young person challenging questions, such as, “Are you doing the right thing for the right reason?