It shows that this is a live issue.
It is the same with the NSPCC, as we have heard: over 50 young people phoned its helpline last year, saying that they were being threatened with, or subjected to, conversion practices.
I know that some Members would prefer to bring in a ban on sexual orientation conversion practices—LGB only—and not touch on the transgender elements.
There are a couple of reasons why I think that would be a foolish approach.
First, the Government have themselves carried out reviews and repeatedly said that we need a trans-inclusive ban.
In fact, Ministers have said that trans conversion is their main concern.
They cannot say it is a huge concern that people might be converted from being transgender, and then say we do not need a ban on either-way conversion therapy.
Secondly, we must recognise that LGB and transgender are separate, but they are interlinked.
People exploring their sexual orientation will sometimes come to consider their transgender status.
To not include transgender would allow a loophole whereby people who wanted to force someone to be gay, but not trans, could claim that they were offering transgender therapy, rather than LGB therapy, which would make the Bill useless.
Thirdly, there is pretty well-established research on the LGB conversion therapy problem, but there is significant and growing research, from Britain and around the world, that conversion therapy is a problem for the transgender community as well.
In fact, the Minister for Women and Equalities,  the right hon.
Member for Saffron Walden (Kemi Badenoch) , said in a letter on  7 February  that she had significant evidence that children might be subjected to conversion practices for being transgender.
I have not seen the evidence—I do not  endorse it per se—but I have seen significant accounts from many survivors who have been forced not to be transgender.
All sides are saying this is happening.
The direction of conversion is irrelevant, but it is an indication that we need to take action, and my Bill does so.
My hon.
Friend mentioned the NSPCC’s report on the challenges that young people are facing about sexuality and gender identity.
The findings include that 3,400 children and young people in the last year wanted to talk to counsellors about their worries about sexuality or gender identity.
Some of these children described instances of emotional abuse in the family home, including constant shouting, hurtful comments and threats of violence.
Some children had been threatened with, or had undergone, some form of conversion practice intended to cure their sexuality or gender identity.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that, in passing this Bill, we will help prevent more children from being subjected to that, and send a clear message that we will not allow people to suffer the painful abuse of so-called conversion practices?
I quite agree.
This Bill stops parents sending their children to conversion practices; it does not promise to solve the world for LGBT people.
I cannot promise that parents will not shout or be abusive, or that people will not say nasty things—I am afraid that is the nature of a democratic society sometimes.
But what we can do is stop premeditated purposes, processes, courses of conduct and activities that aim to do something that cannot be done.
That is what every other Bill in the world on this topic has done.
The Bill goes in both directions.
Whatever the direction of the conversion, it is abhorrent and must be stopped.
Some have said to me that the existing legislation covers violent and physical acts, and of course it does—violent, abusive and bullying coercion and harassment can be caught under current crimes—but the Government’s 2021 consultation said that new criminal law is needed to fill the gap between physical abuse and a process that causes long-term harm.
The Bill therefore makes a clear statement that conversion practices should be illegal and that the most egregious cases should be prosecuted.