In fact, there is no one in my family who is LGBT; we may be the only family in the UK without someone who is LGBT.
The reason I do it is because fundamentally, as a Conservative, I have a duty to defend individual freedoms.
I believe that the state should stay out of people’s lives, but it should protect the most vulnerable—defend those who others seek to harm, and recognise that the first and foremost duty of any Government is to protect their people.
This is not some woke frontier for politicians to weaponise for clickbait, and I am shamed by the debate that is increasingly taking place on conversion therapy.
I remember the first debate I secured in this place on conversion therapy.
It was moderate; we sat and debated the intricacies of legislation that was not yet there.
Unfortunately, that has changed.
People in positions of trust are abusing those who they tell they are sinful, broken and need correcting, which causes lifelong hate.
There are survivors in this place—in Parliament.
The reason I fight so hard is that so many LGBT colleagues do not feel that they can come here and be labelled as fighting for themselves.
They should be free to do that, but sometimes they cannot, and—do you know what?—allyship matters.
We have a duty in this place to not impose our own personal views on things, but recognise that our rights—potentially to religious freedoms—can be protected while we also protect those who live a life different from ours.
The hon.
Lady has made a really important point about LGB people coming to this place and feeling safe to argue their position on this important matter.
I have experienced the most horrendous bullying in this place because I take a contrary view, or a more guarded view, than some in the LGB community.
In fact, people in the LGB community are often referred to as “bigots”, “transphobes” and other slurs just because we have concerns about legislation such as this and want to make sure that young LGB people are protected —and trans people.
Does the hon.
Lady agree that that rule must apply to all sides of any debate, not just to the side that she favours?
The hon.
Gentleman is entirely right, but there was one letter missing in his LGB: the letter T. We do not divide the LGBT community in this place.
Members can say that they have concerns about what we are doing, but by removing the T, the hon.
Gentleman is suggesting that transgender people do not exist.
He is suggesting that they are less than other LGB people, and I will not stand for that, because it was trans people who stood with gay people at Stonewall; it was trans people who fought alongside them for LGB rights.
I will happily discuss the intricacies of legislation with the hon.
Gentleman, but when he chooses to eradicate, that is wrong.
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
No, I will not give way on this point, because I will not hear more erasure of a transgender community.
We can discuss the intricacies, but that I will not stand for.
I am not going to go into the arguments about the Bill, because  the hon.
Member for Brighton, Kemptown (Lloyd Russell-Moyle)  did an exceptional.
job.
He went out and met every single person, organisation and lobby group and listened to all their views, even if he disagreed with them—and that includes the LGB Alliance, who have also removed the T—and I have supported him.
He has done a phenomenal job.
The hon.
Gentleman has set out what the Bill does.
It protects religious leaders, who can still guide their flocks.
Health practitioners can still support and challenge people, and parents are protected.
That is why all major  faith groups back the Bill, why the royal colleges back it, and why exploratory therapy is protected.