It is not someone  being kicked out of their family home for who they are.
It is a practice that is established and accepted in, frequently, professional forums, and in places we go to where we open ourselves up and where we seek the support of institutions and professionals.
That is why the Bill matters.
It seeks to expose those places where this abhorrent, cruel, 21st-century torture is perpetrated on LGBT people.
I am proud to be Plymouth’s first out MP, which I think gives me a special responsibility to be vocal about the effect of legislation, and of the lack of legislation, on communities and people like me.
If we in this House do not have an eye on that effect, we turn a blind eye and legitimise the torture and abuse that happens to people.
We must not do that.
I was pleased when the Government said in their last manifesto that they will ban conversion therapy, and I was pleased that my party and every main party did so, because it sought to create a consensus that hate and torture are not welcome in the UK regardless of our politics.
I am proud to be a Labour MP, and I am proud to be part of a campaigning party and a party of equality, but I want every party in this House to be a party of equality when it comes to rooting out abuse, which is what this Bill offers.
We have just heard  the hon.
Member for Rutland and Melton (Alicia Kearns)  make a proud Conservative case for stamping out something, and I am proud to make a Labour case for stamping out hate and inequality.
I am proud to say that our duty to society means that we must consider the most vulnerable, because that does not attack all of us but lifts people to a level where everyone is protected.
That matters and, if a Conservative case can sit happily alongside a Labour case, we should pass a consensus Bill.
The LGBT community has been waiting too long for this legislation, which has been promised too many times, but let us be clear about what would happen if the Bill were not passed today.
We are possibly only weeks away from a general election in which we know there could be more division than we have seen in a long time.
It worries me deeply that we have allowed attacks on trans people to be a legitimate part of how we win votes.
It is never acceptable to attack a minority, and it is never acceptable to seek to win votes on the back of the most vulnerable, persecuted and attacked minority.
With this Bill, both sides of the House have an opportunity to turn our back on that and to say that equality matters from any political perspective, because people matter.
My word, people come in all different shapes and sizes, which is a good thing.
It is in celebrating our diversity that we gain strength, not by pretending that everyone is the same.
That would be a dull, horrible future.
It would be a version of Britain that erases people, that erases the bit that makes this country great—that we can all be different, that we can all be proud and, importantly, that we should all be protected under law.
It is important that the Bill is drawn as broadly as possible, covering all aspects of the LGBT+ community.
I spoke in a previous Westminster Hall debate on this subject, as did a number of Members present, and I described how removing the T, so that the Bill protects only LGB people, is a trap door.
As the hon.