835, c. 1896.]
We should do so again.
This clause allows full compliance with human rights law and does not restrict the general expression of religious belief.
On freedom of expression, we have a similar clause: the expression of acceptance or disapproval may be distasteful to an individual, but it is not conversion practice.
Even repeated expressions to an individual, unless they form part of a predetermined purpose that is planned as a course of conduct, are not captured in this Bill.
We have heard from practitioners who worry that they are currently working in the “wild west”, particularly in respect of counselling and therapy.
There are few guidelines about how they can conduct their practice in this area and people on all sides shout at them, saying that one thing or another is conversion therapy.
This Bill will, for the first time, give health practitioners the  protection they need.
Health practitioners are regulated or overseen by the Professional Standards Authority, which is following their professional judgments.
The PSA was established by Parliament and regulates the statutory regulators and the non-statutory registers.
There are 12 non-statutory accredited registers for counsellors or psychotherapists in the PSA, with the two largest being those of the UK Council for Psychotherapy and the British Association for Counselling and Psychotherapy, but the list includes smaller specialist organisations such as the Association of Christians in Counselling and Linked Professions or the UK Association for Humanistic Psychology Practitioners.
Health practitioners are free to choose the relevant body to join.
Each accredited register is entitled to develop its own approach to sexual orientation and transgender identity.
There is already a diversity of views within those bodies, but none has objected to the Bill going to Committee.
The hon.
Member is certainly trying very hard to provide a carve-out—an exception—to allow health practitioners to explore professionally with their clients their sexual and transgender identities.
However, the carve-out means that the health practitioner must comply with regulatory and professional standards.
Is he aware that most of the bodies he lists, and that are listed in the Bill, including the NHS, have signed up to a memorandum of understanding that basically insists that therapists pursue a gender-affirmatory approach?
A therapist that did not pursue a gender-affirmatory approach and deliberately set out to help somebody not, as he terms it, become transgender would be in contravention of clause 1(2)(c) and therefore caught under the Bill.
The hon.
Member says exactly the right word: “most”, but not all.
Therapists who take a different approach will join a different organisation and get the same protection, because they will be following that organisation’s regulatory approach.
In fact, the UK Council for Psychotherapy recently released a statement saying that exploratory therapy is an acceptable form of practice within the requirement of not having a “predetermined purpose”.
The Bill does not support or prevent different forms of care, such as gender affirming or exploratory care.
That is for the regulatory bodies to determine.
What the Bill does is stop a “predetermined purpose” of offering change.
Some people have asked me to remove the “pre-determined” requirement for the health sector.
They claim that it is circular and already the basis of the Bill, and that we do not need it.
But without it, the chilling effect that many health practitioners feel in this area—hence they are leaving it—would continue.
The Bill will allow practitioners to explore all forms of care, while having a framework to respond to someone who says, “You must say that I am this at the end of my therapy.”
Practitioners can now say, “I cannot do that under law.
I have to explore.
I have to work with you and support you.”
That is what therapists should do, that is what they want to do, but at the moment, that is what they are struggling to do.
This is a developing field and we need a framework that allows new evidence to be heard.