This Bill does nothing to change that.
It merely suggests that anyone trying to stop their daughter cutting off her healthy breasts as a teenager—before long-term, serious thought and a careful pause—is breaking the law.
The Bill prevents a parent from suggesting that their 15-year-old son should start on a course of puberty blockers, which will render him infertile, as an adult instead, when he will be entirely without doubt and less confused.
What understanding is there at the moment about the reversibility of the drugs that are sometimes given to children, which could be life-changing?
As I understand it—not being a medical expert—we do not know yet, because those drugs have not been in full use for long.
Are all the Members supporting this Bill really willing to decide what constitutes conversion therapy and what they deem to be acceptable talking support?
Are they doing so because they believe this is serious legislation, or is this politics for social media likes?
In saying that, I know well what awaits me on social media.
We have a clear divide in the Chamber today, between the beneficiaries of Stonewall badges and donations, and the groups of so-called gender critical feminists that I represent.
But tribes on social media are not legislators.
We are writing laws here, and getting it right is essential and serious.
The dumbing down of such important debates for likes is not only vacuous but sets a dangerous precedent, and we need to be better than this when making the laws of this country.
I gently suggest to  the hon.
Member for Canterbury (Rosie Duffield)  that if she genuinely thinks that those on her side of the debate are the only ones who get abuse on social media, she should look at the treatment of LGBT+ politicians in this country when we dare to speak out about these issues.
She is certainly not alone.
I do not agree for one minute that the abuse that she or anyone who holds her views gets is acceptable.
I have often spoken in this place about the toxicity surrounding these discussions and debates, which I believe has only grown with the rise of social media.
I absolutely agree with her on that point, but we have a duty not to feed into the toxicity.
We are not supporting the Bill because we think that this is a social media contest—we know full well that we would not win—but the evidence is clear.
I want to pick up on the point, made in the previous speech, that there is no evidence that conversion therapy is happening, because we have ample evidence from the Government-commissioned data that it is happening.
In 2018, 108,000 people responded to a survey, and 7% of them had undergone or been offered conversion therapy.
Some 13% of trans respondents had undergone or been offered conversion therapy.
Fifty-one per cent said that it was conducted by faith groups, and 19% said that it was carried out by healthcare or medical professionals.
In the survey to which my hon.
Friend refers, what definition of “conversion therapy” was put to respondents?
As my hon.
Friend well knows, there was no definition offered at the time, but that is exactly what this Bill attempts to do: to bring forward a definition.
I want to pick up on a point that has been made a number of times.
A number of colleagues have suggested that there is an epidemic of people being forced to be gay or being forced to be trans.
This is a two-way Bill —it does it in both directions.
Does the data that the hon.
Gentleman refers to come from the self-referral survey administered at Pride marches?
That is not really research but a survey.
Does he think that a survey conducted in that way is sufficient to inform legislation?
The survey was only the start.