It is not the same as the Scottish proposals or proposals in other countries.
It addresses the concerns raised in the House of Lords, and I thank Baroness Burt for introducing a Bill to allow those views to be expressed.
I have taken them on board.
I beg Members to focus on the Bill, not the adjunct.
However interesting the wider debate may be, this is a debate about how we ensure that people do not have a premeditated purpose to intend to change someone’s sexual orientation and transgender identity —terms that exist in British law today.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for giving way, and I want to put on record that he has been absolutely brilliant in engaging with a whole range of colleagues—he is absolutely correct.
I appreciate that he does not want the debate to become about the transgender issue, as he says, but the Bill states that
“‘conversion practice’ means a course of conduct or activity, the…intent of which is to change someone’s…to or from being transgender,”
so the idea of being transgender, or the definition of transgender, is very much at the centre of it.
Whether the Bill accurately defines what that means is key to whether it can be effective.
That is exactly why I have used words that already exist in legislation.
We can have that debate on the Sentencing Act 2020 and on the Equality Act 2010—I wish you good luck in that—but rather than trying to debate things that this House has already settled, let us move forward with how we try to stop these practices.
I join my hon.
Friend  the Member for Penistone and Stocksbridge (Miriam Cates)  in her remarks about the engagement we have had, and I am sure that we will have a civil debate today.
The hon.
Gentleman refers to the definition of transgender identity as already existing in legislation.
It does, in the Sentencing Act to which he refers, but can he give us further information on that definition?
As I read it, it is simply a reference to whether transgender is an aggravating factor in a criminal offence; it does not provide the definition we need.
So his Bill will entrench in law that totally undefined concept.
I will come to the hon.
Gentleman’s point and will suggest an amendment that might, if he were to allow it to proceed in Committee, make him feel happy and resolve the situation.
Surely the entire point of the Bill is what my hon.
Friend is already addressing, which is that the practice is evil: it is evil against gay people, evil against lesbian people, and evil against transgender people.
If it is abhorrent for everyone, it is abhorrent for everyone, so it should be tackled.
I totally agree.
In the process of writing the Bill, I endeavoured to meet everyone who asked.
I visited people in their communities across the country and I invited people to meet in this place.
I want to thank various groups, including Stonewall, the Ban Conversion Therapy campaign group, TransActual, TransLucent, and the medical profession.
But I also want to thank people who have very different views from mine, who I have met and listened to: the Christian Institute, Keira Bell and her lawyers, the LGB Alliance and the Gay Men’s Network, to name a few.
I have engaged with all in good faith.
I have considered and, in most cases, adopted suggestions that each one of those groups has made to make the Bill better.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for giving way.
He is making a very powerful point and I commend him for the amount of work he has obviously done to reassure people.
I think we are all aware that at the moment the debate around transgender issues has become incendiary and difficult, and a lot of damage has been done to a lot of people.