Whatever the direction of the conversion, it is abhorrent and must be stopped.
Some have said to me that the existing legislation covers violent and physical acts, and of course it does—violent, abusive and bullying coercion and harassment can be caught under current crimes—but the Government’s 2021 consultation said that new criminal law is needed to fill the gap between physical abuse and a process that causes long-term harm.
The Bill therefore makes a clear statement that conversion practices should be illegal and that the most egregious cases should be prosecuted.
It avoids clashing with existing laws focused on harm—doing so would result in survivors being retraumatised through lengthy court battles—and instead looks at the intent behind the actions.
To get the balance right, the Bill clarifies that certain actions will not constitute an offence.
The hon.
Gentleman is talking about abusive practices and practices that cause harm.
Of course, we all condemn anything that is abusive and, as he says, the vast majority of those acts are already covered by law, but the Bill does not actually mention abuse, or indeed harm.
There is not a threshold of harm beyond which a practice, which could be a speech-based activity, is unlawful.
For example, a detransitioner—he mentioned Keira Bell—trying to persuade an individual not to go ahead with surgery or hormone treatment that would have a permanent impact could be caught by the Bill, yet many of us would not say that is harmful or abusive; in fact, it is the opposite.
Would that person not be caught by the Bill?
I do not believe that the Bill would catch people who express personal reservations about certain processes; it would catch people who have prepared programmes and activities, not ad hoc activities.
I will come on to that safeguard in a moment.
That is exactly why we need to get the words and safeguards right, and why we need to do so in a Bill Committee.
We must not reject the Bill, because the hon.
Lady might find that we go out of the frying pan into the fire.
The Bill allows Ministers in Northern Ireland and Scotland to enact it within their jurisdictions, but only with the consent of their respective national legislators.
It creates offences in relation to people being sent abroad, and it uses existing language for the law to provide fines to be issued.
My aim is not to lock people up but to stop this practice.
The key to the Bill is contained in the definition of “conversion practice”, which must be
“a course of conduct or activity”.
A course of conduct in English law is something that happens more than once, and an activity is not ad hoc but a planned intervention.
That does not include one-off, impromptu actions; there must be a predetermined purpose.
That is a higher threshold than just immediate intent.
The predetermined outcome must have been indicated before the course of conduct or activity started, not during it.
That provision protects people having thoughtful conversations, who could of course question people via that process.
The Bill says:
“to change someone’s sexual orientation or to change a person to or from being transgender”
includes
“to suppress a sexual orientation or transgender identity”.
I know some have been nervous about that wording, but I must be clear that suppression must be at the level of negating the identity or orientation.
That means that the very being of their orientation must be changed in some way.
Many gay people never have sex.
Many transgender people do not wear gendered clothes.
Those actions do not constitute suppression; they do not negate the orientation or identity in full or in part.
It cannot be claimed that this wording is therefore an overreach.
The Bill would use only pre-existing terms from other laws to describe “sexual orientation”, “transgender” and “transgender identity”.