That is not really research but a survey.
Does he think that a survey conducted in that way is sufficient to inform legislation?
The survey was only the start.
It has been backed up by research commissioned by the Government two years ago.
It has also been backed up by a number of independent organisations, including the NSPCC, Mind and Galop, which have had calls about it.
We have the data to show it is happening.
The idea that people would phone a support service such as the NSPCC and pretend that they are being offered conversion therapy is, I am afraid, for the birds.
I agree with  the hon.
Member for Plymouth, Sutton and Devonport (Luke Pollard)  about how we are perceived in this place.
I thought back to when this House debated same-sex marriage in 2012.
I listened to the debate, obviously not as a Member of Parliament, and I remember how powerless I felt then as a young gay man having my future and my rights discussed by a group of people.
I had nothing to do but sit and watch and listen to some awful things.
As  the hon.
Member for Brighton, Kemptown (Lloyd Russell-Moyle)  said, that is necessary in a free and democratic society.
The Bill does not seek to curtail free expression via legitimate conversations, but we have evidence that harm is being done to people and we do not have the laws in place to prevent it.
I thank my hon.
Friend for being so generous in taking another intervention.
He talked about evidence and referred to the survey, which he admitted contained no definition of conversion therapy.
We have heard how many different definitions of conversion therapy there could be, and how many different definitions we all hold, from the most extreme, awful abuse, which is already illegal, to talking therapies and persuasion.
Does the definition of conversion therapy not matter intensely to that survey?
How can it be evidence if there was no definition?
We have to get the Bill to Committee so that we can thrash that out.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right, but that is the point of passing legislation: we make definitions and we make laws.
The whole point of giving the Bill its Second Reading today is to create a definition and pass it into law.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for giving way; I hope he agrees that this is a very helpful conversation.
We have been debating this issue for years, as everybody keeps saying.
The reason there is no definition is because it is impossible to arrive at one.
The Scottish  Parliament cannot arrive at one and we have failed to do so.
It is not possible to find a definition that is between what is illegal already and what we all think should not be illegal.
It does not exist.
The idea that the Bill should go to Committee for us to continue this conversation is absurd.
It cannot be done.
I am sorry, but my hon.
Friend seems to have forgotten the point: this is the first time we are debating a Bill.
We have failed because we have taken five years to arrive at a position where we can actually debate legislation.
That is the failure.
We passed Brexit faster than we have discussed this!
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for giving way; he is being very generous.
The fundamental problem is that we have not been able to define the problem.
There is anecdotal data from a survey that suggests that some people have reported that they have been subjected to what they define as conversion therapy, but we do not know what it is.
It is not defined.
What exactly are we legislating about?
I would like to ask the hon.
Gentleman another question.
I listened very carefully to his view on other people talking about his sexuality.