I would like to ask the hon.
Gentleman another question.
I listened very carefully to his view on other people talking about his sexuality.
Does he think it is acceptable for a gay man to be told across this Chamber what he should do, how he should define himself and who he should associate himself with?
Does he feel that that is homophobic?
I do not think anybody should be told what they should do.
That is the entire reason I am backing the Bill.
I totally accept that there will be people who will never, ever believe that LGBT+ identities are real or valid.
I do not agree with that, and I and other people can find that hurtful, but that is what we have to accept in a free and democratic society.
I have been part of these conversations now for many years and I have seen the incredible work that has gone in to work across the divide to try to bring people together.
I saw myself, when I sat on the Women and Equalities Committee and we conducted an inquiry into this issue, how much agreement there was between different sides about what needs to be done, especially on improving the provision of healthcare and mental healthcare.
They might have different ideas on outcomes.
For example, some people might think we need to improve healthcare for younger people so they do not go down a route of being trans, while other people might think we need to do that because waiting lists are too long and we want to get people on a course of treatment faster.
Both those views are, of course, absolutely valid.
As parliamentarians and as individuals, we have to accept views that we do not agree with.
I totally accept, as I have said, that there will be people who never think that my right to exist as a gay man is valid or that trans identities are valid.
That might be upsetting and difficult for people to accept, but that is what happens in a free and democratic society, and the Bill does not encroach on that.
I want to come back to the legal test of “predetermined outcome”, as that is where we must focus.
That legal test provides the safeguards necessary to address both those sets of concerns, so that we can get to a place where if someone embarks on a course of action that  has a predetermined outcome to change someone’s identity, we have a legal mechanism to deal with that, but we also provide the freedoms for people to express views, to engage in legitimate conversation and, yes, to say things that other people might find distasteful and hurtful.
We just have to accept that that is the case, but this is what good law is all about.
I hope that colleagues allow the Bill through to Committee.
There have been many discussions of what constitutes conversion therapy and how we define these concepts.
The hon.
Member for Brighton, Kemptown was right to use existing legal concepts, but we must be allowed to get the Bill through to Committee so that we can have this discussion in greater detail, because so far all we have heard is anecdote; we have had debates, but we have never had discussion on an actual legislative proposal.
That is the opportunity we have today and it would not be right to let the Bill fall at this hurdle.
We need to get it through to Committee so that we can thrash this matter out in more detail.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Brighton, Kemptown (Lloyd Russell-Moyle)  for the extent of his engagement with those with varying perspectives on the Bill.
We have crossed swords on occasion, but it is important that the conversation and debate in this Chamber is led with the honesty and integrity that it deserves.