To those LGBT people who are watching this, I echo the words of the hon.
Member for Rutland and Melton: they are seen, they are welcome and they are loved.
I want everyone to be authentically true to who they are.
There should be no impediments in law, no loopholes or trapdoors, that allow someone who is true to who they are, authentically themselves, to be subject to abuse  or torture in the way that, as we have established on a cross-party basis, happens in relation to conversion therapy.
I completely agree with the hon.
Member about the tone of this important debate, but, as I am sure he is aware, abuse and torture are absolutely illegal in this country, and we all support that.
There are multiple pieces of legislation that deal with abuse, torture and harmful practices, and nobody in this place would reject that.
The problem for those of us who question the Bill is that it contains no threshold for torture, abuse or even harm, so it will capture practices that are not harmful and for which we should not be legislating.
I thank the hon.
Lady for her intervention.
Given the risk of running into the same wall that my hon.
Friend the Member for Brighton, Kemptown ran into, I will portray moderation on my side.
I think that that is precisely why she should give the Bill a Second Reading and table any amendments, as she sees fit, to define the matter of concern and make her case in Committee.
I believe that there are currently loopholes in the law that allow that abhorrent abuse to go on.
A number of practices are illegal in this country, such as forced marriage, which is something that the LGBTQ community experience, including those who may also go through conversion therapy.
That is wrong.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the time to tackle that is now?
The LGBTQ community have been waiting at least five years since the Government first promised to ban that awful practice.
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
People have been waiting too long; let us ensure they do not wait any longer.
Let us also send a message to Members of all parties, until the general election concludes, that attacking trans people and LGBT people because of who they are is unacceptable.
That should be called out on a cross-party basis.
It has no part in our politics.
Legitimate debate about improving this Bill should define us at our very best.
The debate so far has been a good one, because it has allowed people to voice their different views, and we should continue that in Committee, allowing people to table amendments where required to improve the Bill and ensure it does exactly what it says on the tin and stops these abhorrent, cruel practices from ever happening again.
The obligation in this debate is to set out the current threats that are not already covered by existing legislation or that we would want to legislate against.
The Bill also needs to do so in a clear, precise way that is straightforward to interpret and enforce, without causing great uncertainty and triggering a chilling effect on free speech and healthy family life.
Over many years, the issue of sex and identity has developed and evolved substantially.
When I was younger, I never saw these topics on the news.
It was rare and unusual for them ever to appear.
In terms of being aware of lesbians and gays and the challenges they face in life, for any Member of Parliament—for any decent person—there is huge concern and sympathy for those  people.
There was a debate among that community about bisexuals joining it.
That was not a straightforward process.
There was a debate and a dispute over that.
One thing that my hon.