Gentleman for giving way.
He is making a very powerful point and I commend him for the amount of work he has obviously done to reassure people.
I think we are all aware that at the moment the debate around transgender issues has become incendiary and difficult, and a lot of damage has been done to a lot of people.
One thing I found about his Bill is that, if I am reading it correctly, it aims to be reassuring.
There is no attempt to stop people discussing their sexuality, there is no attempt to stop them discussing it with people from whom they might want to take advice, and there is no attempt whatsoever to stop them trying to explore the issues on their own.
It is simply protecting them from unwanted interference and traumatic attempts to change them.
That is why the predetermined purpose is so important in the Bill.
Rather than having arguments about which evidence is better, I have sought a way to find a framework that addresses the real or perceived problems of what it is claimed is happening in any direction.
I think we should all agree that it is abuse and the Bill will stop it.
I understand the nervousness of some in the trans community who have been subjected to a decade of victimisation, but the Bill will protect and support them.
I understand the wariness of many counsellors and psychotherapists who have been attacked in one direction or another, and who are fleeing the profession because of the lack of guidelines in this area.
The Bill will help to re-set the debate with a framework that focuses on predetermined purposed.
It means that if you explore or support people through a process, you will always be protected.
When people insist that you must have a predetermined outcome in mind at the start of a process, you will now have the guidelines and can push back, saying, “That is not within the scope of what I can do in law.”
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on the Bill.
Childline has talked about how young people have contacted them feeling torn and talking about what they are going through.
They need a safe, non-judgmental space.
Does he agree that his Bill will do just that?
I hope it does.
Yesterday, all the major counselling, therapeutic and health organisations provisionally agreed an indicative vote to support the Bill, with no organisation voting against.
The British Medical Association and the Royal College of Nursing support a ban on conversion practices.
Let us come to the evidence I have been asked for.
The Government themselves did a survey in 2017, and more recently commissioned a piece of work in 2023, indicating that this is a live issue.
According to the research, one in five people have been subject to someone trying to change, cure or suppress their sexual orientation or transgender identity.
More than one in five people from a religious and faith background, and one in six from a non-religious background, have experienced conversion therapy.
When  the hon.
Member for Devizes (Danny Kruger)  attended one of my drop-in briefings on the Bill, he asked about the number of young people who have been affected by such practices.
In a weighted YouGov survey—using its usual weighting metrics—of 2,000 people in 2023, 10% of those aged over 65 said they had undergone or been offered conversion therapy, whereas the figure was 8% for 16 to 17-year-olds, and 7% for 18 to 34-year-olds—shockingly high.
It shows that this is a live issue.
It is the same with the NSPCC, as we have heard: over 50 young people phoned its helpline last year, saying that they were being threatened with, or subjected to, conversion practices.
I know that some Members would prefer to bring in a ban on sexual orientation conversion practices—LGB only—and not touch on the transgender elements.