If a young person is looking to go down a certain route—again, the transformation to someone’s life if they transition is profound and, in many ways, irreversible—perhaps the individual wants to be certain that the young person is making the right decision.
How can someone be certain they are making the right decision?
One way is by asking the young person challenging questions, such as, “Are you doing the right thing for the right reason?
Can you live with the consequences of it?
Have you really though it through?”
I thought this Chamber represented that idea of debate and challenge, and of questioning, “Are you really intent on doing this?
Do you really want to go down this track?
Before you take any drugs, go to a clinic to get that support or have any surgery, have you actively considered all the issues and implications of what you are doing?”
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that we have to give space for that free discussion.
Current NHS data suggests that people referred to gender identity clinics will take about 10 years to be seen.
Is 10 years enough time for someone to be sure they have made the right decision?
One concern is the requirement almost for affirmation.
In the context of the structures in society and the expectations on people if the legislation passes, and the framing in which parents, families and others are allowed to discuss the matter with their own children, the route that people go down starts a long time before they get to the stage that my hon.
Friend mentions.
We need to understand this and have an open discussion right at the beginning, rather than years down the line.
My hon.
Friend raised the good point about the explosion in demand for support in this area over recent years, which is overwhelming the services available through the NHS.
That itself should cause us great concern about what is going on in our society.
There is a long waiting list for publicly available help but not for private support, so am I not right that somebody could seek private therapy quickly?
My hon.
Friend is entirely right.
Just because the state services are often slower than private services, we should not be satisfied that the 10-year delay is sufficient time for people to reconsider.
There is a question of equality on this matter and, again, we have to understand society as it has changed.
A key thing in society, which was certainly not a concern when I was growing up, is the internet, emails and social media.
Social media is powerful, and children and young people spend a great deal of time on social media.
In other debates in this Chamber, people would be raising concerns about bulimia, suicide and other things that children are influenced by on social media.
Those are the challenging issues raised on social media.
Parents have to understand that the influences on their children can often be supportive and encouraging, but not all the influences on social media are.
The Bill almost introduces an inequality: certain people can encourage and support children, young adults and others  to go down a certain track, whether they meet in person or online, but the people with whom they have personal contact and will spend the rest of their lives—the family unit, their friends and the wider community—almost have their ability to communicate with their loved one curtailed.
Does my hon.
Friend also accept that it would be impossible for a criminal trial determining whether an offence has been committed to go through all these variations to work out the nature of the evidence that should be received?
It is incredibly invasive; it is based on privacy and people being able to talk to others in a mentoring context or a manner that would enable the person to understand better what is going on.