I have to work with you and support you.”
That is what therapists should do, that is what they want to do, but at the moment, that is what they are struggling to do.
This is a developing field and we need a framework that allows new evidence to be heard.
Some have claimed that we should wait for the Cass report or that we should rule out some sorts of care.
That would be dangerous.
The Cass report will not be the end of the  discussion of children and transgender.
One sort of care might be useful for one group of people but not for another.
It is up to the regulated bodies to produce guidelines.
Such evidence should be treated by them, not deliberated here in the House.
The hon.
Member is giving a powerful speech.
On the Cass review, does he want to highlight the fact that Dr Hilary Cass has said that absolutely nothing in her work should stop a conversion practices Bill going through this place?
Exactly.
I very much welcome that statement.
In fact, the Bill produces a framework that Dr Cass’s review can inform as things change and move forward.
People who are not health practitioners but assist a person undergoing a regulated course of treatment, such as a receptionists or drivers, are protected under the Bill.
If someone is questioning, exploring or developing coping skills—a role often taken by teachers or youth workers, which is my previous profession—they will receive clarity on the range of support they can offer.
One of the most controversial areas in the Government’s Bill was how it dealt with parents.
It is my view that parents have a darn hard life already raising their children and we should not create new burdens for them.
The Bill says that if someone is exercising parental responsibility and considers the welfare of their child as paramount, nothing they do will be an offence under the Bill.
We refer to the Children Act 1989 and use the language in well-established bodies of law.
We should not be messing with how children are treated in this way.
I appreciate how much the hon.
Gentleman is giving way; it allows us to have a proper debate.
I recognise how he is trying to protect parents.
The definition he just read out states that as long as the parent is acting in the best interests of the child, they are not guilty of conversion practices.
Nevertheless, can he not see that if the police or a prosecutor were to determine that the conversations that the parent was having in essence amounted to conversion practice in the form of trying to change their child’s gender identity or sexuality, it would be very possible to suggest that they are not acting in the best interests of the child and therefore to accuse them of conversion practices?
I recognise that the hon.
Gentleman is trying to do the right thing here and that he has no intention of intervening in family life.
Nevertheless, the law that he is proposing would very easily lead to exactly the prosecutions that he is trying to avoid.
The hon.
Gentleman is right that the wording does not give parents a blank cheque for abuse, because the law already does not allow that.
The law already sets the bar for courts’ determination on the welfare of a child.
The courts already have a system to determine if there is a dispute between parents.
The courts, or local authorities, already have a requirement to intervene where there is serious risk to a child.
That is why I have used that body of law.
Again, I do not think that it is our place to meddle with that body of well-established practice law.