That was not a straightforward process.
There was a debate and a dispute over that.
One thing that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rutland and Melton (Alicia Kearns)  touched upon was acceptance of other people and inclusiveness, and not imposing upon people.
That was one key feature, I thought, in the debate about conversion practices.
Many people, for example represented by the LGB Alliance, are concerned that they feel imposed upon.
Society is adapting and learning to understand and appreciate the challenges that changes in society bring.
My hon.
Friend and  the hon.
Member for Plymouth, Sutton and Devonport (Luke Pollard)  highlighted a point about LGB and LGBT identity.
The hon.
Gentleman then added the plus symbol, the A and the I. That highlights the complexity of the issue and the clarity needed when some groups are being included and others excluded.
The language is diverse, depending on who we are speaking to and when we are speaking.
A few years ago, this conversation would have been different from how it is now.
We have to reflect on the number of genders that are commonly used or reasonably frequently used, and this is by no means an exhaustive list: bi-gendered, cross-dresser, drag king, drag queen, femme queen, female-to-male or FTM, gender bender, genderqueer, male-to-female or MTF, non-op, hijra, pangender, transsexual, trans person, woman, man, butch, two-spirit, trans, agender, third sex, gender fluid, non-binary transgender, androgyne, gender gifted, gender blender, femme, person of transgender experience and androgynous.
If people go on Wikipedia, there will see far, far more.
I have missed out huge numbers, but it serves the purpose of highlighting the complexity and involvement of the issue.
When we are discussing this topic, it should be respectful, but also we should try to keep society with us.
The hon.
Gentleman talks about being respectful.
Does he not believe that people should be able to identify in whatever way they choose?
I do agree with people identifying in any way they choose, but society is still getting to grips with this issue.
One concern is not just individuals being able to make choices about their identity for themselves, but how other people relate to them.
That is a huge concern in relation to changing the law and imposing upon society a set of views, when those views and values are evolving over time.
I will highlight one aspect.
As things change, that is reflected in society, for example in architecture.
Parents came to my surgery to raise concerns about mixed-sex facilities at a local swimming pool.
They raised those concerns because they were interested in protecting their daughters.
Regardless of whether  the hon.
Member for Jarrow (Kate Osborne)  and other colleagues agree or disagree about the issue, it is a fact that parents are coming to me to say that they are concerned about the architecture of the new health centre in Horwich.
That architecture cements in place a particular form of behaviour—everyone together rather than male and female changing rooms—and that lends itself to a lot of misunderstanding, concern and fear in society.
That  was expressed to me by mothers of daughters and I, as a Member of Parliament, ought to be respectful and concerned about what my constituents are raising with me.
On transition, as I pointed out before, societal understanding has been gradual.
Such topics were very rarely in the news and now they frequently are.
Most days on the “Today” programme we hear about sex and identity.
As it is on our media so much, we have to reflect on legislation and application, but it is only relatively recently, in 2005, that the transgender or transsexual side of the issue came into the mainstream and the forefront of people’s understanding.
I bought at the time the album “I am a Bird Now” by Antony and the Johnsons, and it was an interesting listen; it is good music with interesting and challenging lyrics.