That is to ensure that if a young person does pursue medical transition, they do so with informed consent and a realistic understanding of likely outcomes.
If it follows the evidence, the future direction of treatment for children experiencing gender dysphoria should be psychotherapeutic and exploratory, but I have concerns that the Bill as drafted risks further impacting standards of care by threatening medical professionals and clinicians who use an exploratory approach.
My hon.
Friend the Member for Brighton, Kemptown has made efforts to reflect those concerns in the Bill, yet despite the exception in clause 1(2)(c) for health practitioners, its focus on “predetermined purpose and intent” still risks criminalising health professionals who engage in exploratory conversations with their patients.
Legitimate clinical practice will sometimes have a predetermined outcome where a confident and clear diagnosis is made.
Should a clinician have published research indicating a preference for psychotherapeutic approaches that could alleviate a child’s distressed alienation from their body so that they come to accept themselves as enough as they are, such research could be cited as evidence of predetermined intent of an outcome.
The clinician would then be at risk of prosecution if he or she did anything other than affirm a child’s diagnosis.
What is more, the Bill does not require proof that any harm was intended or caused by the clinician’s conduct.
It is highly irregular to criminalise motivations alone in the absence of demonstrably harmful behaviour.
Professionals must be able to question and explore a gender-distressed child’s self-diagnosis without fear of prosecution, or even accusations of such behaviour.
In recent years, countless clinicians have spoken of the flight of professionals working with young people experiencing gender incongruence.
The interim Cass report highlighted that professionals already feel under pressure to take an unquestioning affirmative approach that is diametrically opposed to standard practice in all other clinical encounters.
Fear of prosecution would exert further pressure on professionals working in an already sensitive and culturally fraught area, and would risk accelerating their departure from the field.
My concern is that the Bill could leave unquestioning affirmative treatment as the only option.
The hon.
Lady is giving a superb speech.
I completely agree that clinicians are already under pressure to use an affirmative approach.
Is one of the problems not that many of the professional bodies, including the NHS, have signed up to that approach, and therefore, even with the safeguards provided in the Bill, those therapists would be committing an offence if they took a predetermined course—let us say, to prevent a patient from going down a transgender route?
I thank the hon.
Member for her question.
That is what we need to be able to discuss and look at in further detail, and to thrash out in Committee.
We need to ensure that clinicians, particularly those in the NHS—we need them to stay in their field—do not face a chilling effect.
The risk of that chilling effect should not be understated: it could make the holistic therapy that is recognised as critical by the Cass review harder to access.
Our priority absolutely has to be the legitimate and workable protection of the provision of good, evidenced care for children and young people.
I believe that the Bill should go to Committee.
We need sunlight on it to make sure that, if it passes, it has been subjected to detailed consideration of its wording and an understanding of what those words mean for people on the ground, working in our NHS, teaching the children in our schools and working in safeguarding, and for parents, who are a priority.
It is a pleasure to follow  the hon.
Member for Gower (Tonia Antoniazzi) .
Reflecting on her words and in particular how she summed up her point, our Parliament, our democracy, our way of making law, works best when friends disagree well.
Moving the Bill into Committee is absolutely the right thing to do.