Being a trustee is a position of trust, and these practices often happen in those settings.
The Charity Commission could, on application, remove that debarring if it wished to do so.
On the review clause, which  the hon.
Member for Stone (Sir William Cash)  mentioned, almost everyone I spoke to was clear that the Bill is a start, but that they want to go further—some in one direction, by giving the Bill greater scope, and others in the direction of greater clarification.
I have deliberately written the Bill to be narrow in scope.
It will not have the ability to overreach.
Many people feel that it will not capture all practices, but I understand that we must start somewhere and then move forward.
That is why I included in the Bill, using wording from the Fixed-term Parliaments Act 2011—a process that we have already used—a four-year review clause, requiring the Secretary of State to set up a committee that has a majority of Members of this House but also other experts, to recommend amendments to the Bill.
Of course, that committee would not be binding on this House; we would still have a vote.
Having met with numerous people, I believe I have created a balanced and fair Bill.
Is it perfect?
No.
Is it a good start to the process?
Yes.
Should we take it to Committee and continue our work?
Yes.
For too long, this place has found reasons to take no action; we have allowed the perfect to be the enemy of the good.
The Bill should go to Committee, and I promise to appoint a diverse range of voices to that Committee.
We should continue the dialogue and find practical solutions via amendments and tweaks, but not the grandstanding that we have had up to this point, of which I am as guilty as anyone.
We should go to Committee and suggest amendments and greater clarifications.
To frustrate this Bill today when we have pledged for so many years to pass this legislation would be an indictment of this place.
To frustrate this Bill today would be to break the pledges of the last five Prime Ministers, and the promises made at the last election and before that.
Most importantly, to frustrate this Bill today would be to let down the survivors and future victims, and it is to them that I give the very last word.
In the last year—not in the last decade, but in the last 12 months—Childline has had over 50 testimonies from young people.
I will read one, from a girl aged 18:
“When I was younger, I told my parents I thought I was bi and they sent me to a counsellor who tried to convince me I was straight, and that my desire to be ‘different’ was purely for attention.
Even though that was years ago, the effects of the counselling are still ongoing.
It’s left me with a lot of guilt and confusion around who I am and how I’m supposed to act around other people.”
This Bill would stop that.
It is for those people that we must act today.
This is our first chance to do so; let us not let them down.
I am often asked why I fight for a ban on conversion therapy.
People say, “Surely there must be some personal connection.
Surely you must have some personal history,” but I do not.
In fact, there is no one in my family who is LGBT; we may be the only family in the UK without someone who is LGBT.
The reason I do it is because fundamentally, as a Conservative, I have a duty to defend individual freedoms.
I believe that the state should stay out of people’s lives, but it should protect the most vulnerable—defend those who others seek to harm, and recognise that the first and foremost duty of any Government is to protect their people.