I congratulate my hon.
Friend on this incredibly important Bill.
A number of constituents have written passionately to me about it.
According to the UK Government’s own research, 7% of LGBT people have been offered or have undergone conversion therapy.
That indicates that in the last five years thousands of people have been at risk of harm.
Does he agree that the scale of it must be recognised, and that it must stop?
I quite agree.
I understand from previous conversations that the Government do not outright oppose the Bill—we will see how the Minister responds today, as that might have slightly changed.
It is quite right that they do not oppose it, because they have put forward this proposal numerous times.
They are reserving judgment on some of the technicalities.
I have given the Government two opportunities to propose amendments in the public consultations that I have run.
They proposed no amendments.
In fact, the Government agreed to do pre-legislative scrutiny of their own Bill but, six months later, that has not happened.
On  31 January 2023  I tabled an amendment to the Online Safety Bill on conversion therapy.
We had the numbers, but I told the Government that if they said in a written ministerial statement and on the Floor of this House that they would commit to pre-legislative security that would be completed by October, I would not push the amendment.
I did not push the amendment because that commitment was given.
Does the hon.
Member agree that we have been brought to this place because the Government have not delivered on their manifesto commitment, despite having made promises on the Floor of this House to Conservative Members?
I quite agree.
That is why it is important that the Government support the Bill, and thrash out the details later in Committee.
When I met the Secretary of State we talked about two-track progress: get the Bill in Committee, and use it to thrash out the details and allow the Government to keep developing their own plans, informed by the Committee.
I hope the Government will honour the spirit of those discussions as I have entered into this process.
I hope we can have a full debate and get to a natural end.
But if need be, with the permission of Mr Speaker and the Deputy Speakers, I believe that we have the numbers to divide on a closure motion.
It would be much better to air the views of the House without dividing, and allow this new collaborative tone to sort out the issue in Committee.
I remind hon.
Members that Conservative Members have tabled two amendments to the Criminal Justice Bill that provide less protection and, rather than the fines under my Bill, prison sentences.
This is an opportunity to get consensus before further-reaching measures are pushed to a vote in this House.
If this Bill is talked out today, I will support those measures.
I will spend the rest of my speech on the technical aspects of the Bill and why we have come to the judgments that we have.
Much of that is outlined in my explanatory notes, which my office has drafted.
I am sure that other colleagues will want to talk about the experiences of their constituents, and I am happy to take as many interventions as I can, but I will try to make some progress.
This is not a debate on the wide trans issue—that will continue outside the Bill—or the merits of affirming or exploratory healthcare.
We have the Cass review, and other evidence will come forward down the line.
This is a framework Bill on conversion practices.
It is not the same as the Scottish proposals or proposals in other countries.
It addresses the concerns raised in the House of Lords, and I thank Baroness Burt for introducing a Bill to allow those views to be expressed.
I have taken them on board.