I beg to move, That the House sit in private.
Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No.
163 ).
The House divided: Ayes 0, Noes 64.
Question accordingly negatived.
Second Reading
[Relevant documents: Correspondence between the Petitions Committee and the Minister for Equalities, on conversion practices, reported to the House on  21 November  and  14 December 2023 ; e-petition 613556, Ensure Trans people are fully protected under any conversion therapy ban; and e-petition 300976, Make LGBT conversion therapy illegal in the UK.]
I beg to move, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
When my former partner disclosed to me that he had twice gone through conversion practices, first facilitated through his family in church and secondly through his work in the church, I was shocked that such practices still take place in the 21st century.
The trauma he still carries around with him is immense.
No number of laws can rewrite history, but we can pledge, as all the main parties did in 2019, to ensure that no one goes through the trauma that he and many others still have in the future.
In recent years, we have had two petitions debates, four debates in Parliament, four written statements and sets of Government research, consultations and briefings, but in six years, we have failed to do what other countries have done in six months, which is to produce a ban that stops people falsely claiming that they can convert people’s sexual orientation or transgender identity.
That false hope—false advertising, as it were—is not innocuous, and it causes great harm, but it is not currently captured in our laws.
Despite all the main parties agreeing that this is an area we must act on, the issue has been put in the “too hard” box.
The Government have consulted on it and years have passed, caught in a culture war where survivors are forgotten.
The Government’s Bill, with its bells and whistles, seeks perfection, but delays have allowed the practice to go unimpeded, and that is of no use to man or beast.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on bringing the Bill forward.
To pick up on that point, it is striking how long this has taken compared with other nations.
The stalling coming from Government, when surely we are simply seeking to protect vulnerable people, seems a little obvious.
Does he agree that any ban needs to be inclusive of all LGBT+ people?
I totally agree.
Everyone in the House will know that I am not immune to getting stuck into this debate.
We have had sparring partners across the Chamber on these issues, but that has led us nowhere.
It has led to the delay itself and given a green light to many who think this practice might now be acceptable, rather than the abhorrence we all think it to be.
The hon.
Gentleman makes the important and strong inference that this is a commonplace occurrence.
Will he give some evidence of the distribution of conversion practices, their incidence, and who is being affected?
What is the true data on the matter?
I will come to exactly that in a moment, but the hon.
Member makes valid points that we should address.
Some were worried when I was drawn in the private Member’s Bill ballot that I would produce, as one Whip put it, a “batshit crazy” Bill.
Others were worried that I would produce a Bill that would not stop this practice and would have too many loopholes.
But after months of meetings, quiet conversations, going on BBC “Politics Live”, offering a meeting to anyone who wanted one and meeting colleagues across this House, all with different views, I hope that the words of the same Whip, saying “Blimey, he’s actually produced something quite sensible” will ring in the ears of everyone in this debate.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on this incredibly important Bill.
A number of constituents have written passionately to me about it.