Those actions do not constitute suppression; they do not negate the orientation or identity in full or in part.
It cannot be claimed that this wording is therefore an overreach.
The Bill would use only pre-existing terms from other laws to describe “sexual orientation”, “transgender” and “transgender identity”.
I have received an interesting representation in the past few days that we should use the term “being transgender”, rather than the interchangeable terms “transgender” and “transgender identity”, with “transgender” being more clearly defined in the law we have at the moment.
If that is better wording, it is the sort of thing I would willingly accept in Committee, after we have had the discussion.
That is a real reason for us to get into Committee and work out those details.
Sexual orientation is, of course, defined in the Equality Act 2010 in terms of a person having sexual feelings towards
“(a) persons of the same sex,
(b) persons of the opposite sex, or
(c) persons of either sex.”
That definition is used in section 66 of the Sentencing Act 2020, where “transgender” is defined in subsection (6)(e) as follows:
“references to being transgender include references to being transsexual, or undergoing, proposing to undergo or having undergone a process or part of a process of gender reassignment”.
The term “transgender” is also used in subsection 1(e), which states:
“hostility related to transgender identity”.
Members might not like these terms and they might not think they should be in law already, but they are.
It therefore seems strange that we then get caught up in a debate on things that this House has already decided upon.
The hon.
Gentleman has not yet referred to clause 7.
I would be most interested to know whether he is going to explain how this review would operate.
It applies in different places, with different terms, and it proposes amendments.
At the moment, it looks completely unworkable and will put people in a position where they could be criminalised, guilty of an offence, but at the end of the day the amendments could be then made—what on earth do the courts make of all that?
I will come on to every clause as we go through this, so the hon.
Gentleman does not have to worry about that.
This is a contentious area, and we have heard in the debates in the other place about how people are genuinely and understandably worried, so I have sought clarifications on several areas.
I believe that the balances are correct, but I of course acknowledge that there is a lot of fear in this area and that sometimes, no matter what reassurance one can give in law, people remain fearful until they realise that the practice actually protects.
I hope that Members will look at the wording and application of these clarifications carefully, as they cover all the examples that I have been sent.
I still have not found one that is not clear in this Bill.
On the expression of religious belief, I might not like the fact that a priest or another religious figure can stand up on their religious day and say there should not be LGBT people or that they should convert.
In my view, that is not a pleasant thing to say, but it is also not conversion practice.
We have ensured that as long as it is not targeted to a specific individual and as a course of conduct—a repeated activity towards an individual—it will never be an offence.
As Lord Herbert said in the other place:
“We should never legislate lightly in the religious sphere, but Parliament has done so before to prevent harm.
”—[Official Report, House of Lords,  9 February 2024 ; Vol.
835, c. 1896.]
We should do so again.
This clause allows full compliance with human rights law and does not restrict the general expression of religious belief.