It protects religious leaders, who can still guide their flocks.
Health practitioners can still support and challenge people, and parents are protected.
That is why all major  faith groups back the Bill, why the royal colleges back it, and why exploratory therapy is protected.
This is a compromise Bill, and I say to Members who wish to oppose it, “Search within yourself, because you have a duty to protect children and a duty to allow professionals to do their job, and you need to recognise that some people’s objections are not to the nuances in the Bill.”
The only people who fear a ban on conversion therapy are quacks and charlatans who profit from bigotry and misery.
Conversion therapy causes lifelong harm.
This is a moderate Bill and a compromise Bill, and it does not go as far as the Government’s proposals. [
Interruption.]
The hon.
Member may chunter and laugh, but I am appalled—[Interruption.]
I will happily give way to him if he asks, rather than chuntering.
I apologise for chuntering.
I was simply amused by the suggestion that this is a moderate Bill.
This is not a moderate speech that the hon.
Lady is making.
The hon.
Member for Brighton, Kemptown (Lloyd Russell-Moyle)  made a very good speech, recognising that there are legitimate views on the other side of the debate.
The hon.
Lady talks about erasure, but she dismissed the comments of  the hon.
Member for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath (Neale Hanvey) , suggesting that his view was completely invalid.
I respect her arguments and her wish to pursue this Bill, or this kind of legislation, but can we please have a debate with more civility?
I would suggest that the ultimate failure of civility is to erase a member of the LGBT community —to erase an entire group.
I am happy to discuss the nuanced points, but I will not do so if Members want to suggest that transgender people do not exist, or that we do not really have a definition in law of what transgender people are.
They exist in law and they exist in this place, and they exist in the hon.
Member’s constituency as well.
The Government should back this compromise Bill, because love is not a pathology, and transgender people are not a pathology: they do not need treatment.
I say, very simply, to those people, “You are seen in this place and you are heard in this place, and very many of us back you and will protect you.”
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Brighton, Kemptown (Lloyd Russell-Moyle)  for the way in which he introduced the Bill.
He is not known on the Opposition Benches as the most moderate of characters, but what he set out today was a moderate Bill—a Bill that seeks to find a consensus and a compromise between those campaigning for full-fat equality and those with gender-critical views.
He has done so with a focus on not taking one side of the debate or the other, but putting the victims of this abhorrent and cruel practice first.
That is what each of us, on all sides, should be thinking about when considering the Bill.
What happens to those people, out of sight and often out of mind, who are preyed on by others who seek to attack them for who they love and who they are?
Conversion therapy is not always in the spotlight.
It is not someone being beaten up in the street.
It is not someone having paint flung at them.
It is not someone  being kicked out of their family home for who they are.
It is a practice that is established and accepted in, frequently, professional forums, and in places we go to where we open ourselves up and where we seek the support of institutions and professionals.
That is why the Bill matters.