The vast majority of Members of this House and the other place share those aims and intentions.
Most will have attended Pride and taken part in LGBT History Month events and debates.
Most see the equalities legislation passed here, such as the Marriage (Same Sex Couples) Act 2013, as a positive step towards a more equal and inclusive society.
The idea of anyone who is gay or bisexual, of any age, and who is growing into who they are and questioning their sexuality, being coerced into thinking that they need to change is deeply disturbing and sinister.
But that is already against the law.
It is also, thankfully, incredibly rare, to the point of being all but wiped out.
It is certainly completely socially unacceptable.
I believe that this proposed legislation is not necessary to fix a problem; rather, it creates several serious new ones.
Anyone who followed the recent debates in the other place will have heard strong evidence from peers across the Benches that the Bill is a solution in search of a problem.
First, in order to legislate we would need clear legal definitions of terms that are contentious and vague.
For example, how does one define the concept of converting someone to change their “true identity”?
A qualified therapist exploring a client’s feelings of gender dysphoria will cause them to question those feelings in order to understand them—that is therapy.
In everyday conversations among friends or families, who steps in, and at what point, to decide that those conversations amount to attempted conversion?
Feminist groups, Labour Women’s Declaration, the Gay Men’s Network and the LGB Alliance are fearful that legislation like this is dangerous, and it sends the message to those who need to confide in professionals or even those closest to them that it is not safe to do so, and that they will be forced to be gay when they might want just to be gender questioning, or vice versa.
The message is that the situation is so bad that we need a new criminal law to deal with it.
Serious legislators should never create flawed and unnecessary legislation merely to send a message; that is law created by social media, rather than laws that we expect of a Government —or a Government in waiting—to be upheld by our courts.
This Bill is unprosecutable and, without evidence of need, it brings criminal law into an area that simply needs to be regulated by policies and guidance.
The other aspect, as I mentioned earlier, is the problem that, currently, nothing can be properly described.
Given broadcasters are labelling brutal men who murder as women, and are reprimanded if they correctly name a person by their biological sex, who is appointed the arbiter of what constitutes conversion?
Feminists believe that lesbians should be free to date only women, as they choose.
However, in today’s toxic climate, they are pressurised into dating so-called lesbians with a penis— in other words, men.
In his opening speech,  the hon.
Member for Brighton, Kemptown (Lloyd Russell-Moyle)  described his Bill as stopping people from being at risk of losing their identity.
However well-intentioned and  worthy that goal might be, how is that to be defined and by who?
Laws that cannot provide clear definitions are just useless pieces of paper.
Attempting to convert or coerce anyone away from being who they choose to be, or to make them straight if they are gay, is cruel and, thankfully, against the law.
This Bill does nothing to change that.
It merely suggests that anyone trying to stop their daughter cutting off her healthy breasts as a teenager—before long-term, serious thought and a careful pause—is breaking the law.
The Bill prevents a parent from suggesting that their 15-year-old son should start on a course of puberty blockers, which will render him infertile, as an adult instead, when he will be entirely without doubt and less confused.