RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF AN HISTORIC ATHLETIC ACHIEVEMENT IN THE HISTORY OF THE LOUISIANA HIGH SCHOOL ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION (LHSAA) Mr. CARTER of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to humbly honor and celebrate the heroic accomplishment of the Saint Augustine High School 1975 Football Team, proudly located in Louisiana's 2nd Congressional District, of which I represent in Louisiana. From 1951, its first year as a Catholic high school in New Orleans, through the mid-1960s, St. Augustine excelled in three major varsity sports: football, basketball and track and field. But the school, opened under the administration of New Orleans Archbishop Joseph Francis Rummel, was relegated to competing in the Louisiana Interscholastic Athletic and Literary Organization (LIALO) during the closing era of segregation. Its principal, Josephite Father Robert Grant, wanted more for his athletes. He wanted them to compete against the city's other Catholic schools, who were members of the Louisiana High School Athletic Association. His first attempt came in 1962 when Father Grant wrote to the principals of the five schools--Jesuit, St. Aloysius, Holy Cross, De La Salle and Redemptorist--asking them to compete against St. Aug on an interscholastic sports level. He thought that would be possible because the Archdiocese of New Orleans had already desegregated its elementary schools. No one accepted the invitation. But there was one reply, by De La Salle principal, Christian Brother Cassian. It was painfully blunt: ``Father, personally, I am not one to rush into situations which may not be to my advantage and to those associated with me. For years, I have refused to play certain high school teams on the basis that there was nothing to gain by such competition. This is how I feel about your request to play De La Salle. Time may change my attitude.'' Mr. Clarence Jupiter, who would go on to become a top administrator at Xavier University, championed the cause by asking why St. Augustine and Xavier Preparatory, which competed in major boys' sports, were not allowed to play their white Catholic counterparts? These institutions developed All-Americans and future pros and perform exceptionally well. Yet the fans never saw these schools compete against the other five. On the surface, little was happening to change the situation, but Father Grant was tirelessly working behind the scenes. In June 1964, Fr. Grant notified Archbishop John Cody that he would seek admittance to the LHSAA, to establish athletic relations with the other Catholic high schools in the archdiocese. He also notified those schools of his plan, asking them to include St. Aug on their basketball, baseball and track and field schedules for the 1964-65 school year. Father Grant had no delusions that LHSAA Commissioner T.H. ``Muddy'' Waters would greet his request with open arms. And he was right. Jesuit principal Father C.J. Stallworth, who had served on the LHSAA executive committee for seven years, said he would do what he could to assist St. Augustine, but added it would be helpful to him to have Sister Madalena