Earlier today, I spoke to Mahmoud Abbas, the leader of the Palestinian Authority, to express our support for his efforts to provide stability.
Thirdly, we will use all the tools of British diplomacy to sustain the prospects of peace and stability in the region.
Ultimately, that requires security for Israelis and Palestinians and a two-state solution, so we are increasing  our regional engagement.
I have spoken to Prime Minister Netanyahu twice in the last week, along with the US, France, Germany, Italy and others.
My right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary was the first to visit Israel after the attacks.
I met His Majesty the King of Jordan yesterday —a long-time voice of reason and moderation.
I have spoken today with the leaders of Turkey and, previously, Egypt, and I will speak to others in the coming days.
Our partners in the region have asked us to play a role in preventing further escalation, and that is what we will do.
However hard it is, we need to ask the tough questions about how we can revive the long-term prospects for a two-state solution, for normalisation and for regional stability, not least because that is precisely what Hamas have been trying to kill.
In conclusion, unequivocally backing Israel’s right to defend itself, stepping forward with humanitarian support, working to protect civilians from harm, and straining every sinew to keep the flame of peace and stability alive—that is our objective.
It is the right approach for the region, and it is the right approach for Britain.
I commend this statement to the House.
I thank the Prime Minister for the advance copy of his statement and for the updates the Government have provided to Labour Front Benchers over the past few days.
Last Saturday, Israel was the victim of terrorism on an unimaginable scale: the senseless murder of men, women, children and even babies; the horrors of hostage taking; music festivals turned to killing fields; innocent Jews slaughtered within their own kibbutz—an attack with no cause other than bloodshed.
I am sure that over the last few days, every Member of the House has seen images from this crisis that will never be unseen: tiny bodies, wrapped in bundles, in Israel and now in Gaza; mothers and fathers grieving—Israeli, Palestinian, Muslim, Jew; the innocent, dead.
As in any time of grave crisis, it is crucial that this House speaks with one voice in condemnation of terror, in support for Israel in its time of agony and for the dignity of all human life, because Hamas do not wish to see peace in the middle east; they just want to see Israel wiped off the map.
But Hamas are not the Palestinian people, and the Palestinian people are not Hamas.
Labour stands with Israel.
Britain stands with Israel.
The attack is ongoing, terrorists are at large and hostages are still being held, some of them British citizens.
Israel has the right to bring her people home, to defend herself and to keep her people safe.
While Hamas have the capability to carry out attacks on Israeli territory, there can be no safety.
As Secretary of State Blinken said last week:
“We democracies distinguish ourselves from terrorists by striving for a different standard—even when it’s difficult”.
He is right.
As the Prime Minister has said, there is an acute humanitarian crisis unfolding.
Israel’s defence must be conducted in accordance with international law, civilians must not be targeted and innocent lives must be protected.
There must be humanitarian corridors and humanitarian access, including for food, water, electricity and medicines, so that hospitals can keep people alive and so that  innocent people do not needlessly die.
And there must be proper protection for all those who work selflessly so that aid can be delivered to victims.
There can be no doubt that responsibility for this crisis lies with Hamas.