We must have some green fields between one habitation and another.
The Father of the House makes a very important point.
Of course, his beautiful constituency—situated as it is between the sea and areas of outstanding natural beauty—has already seen significant development and we do need to ensure that settlements have the green belts around them protected.
On developing brownfield sites, will the Secretary of State consider giving powers to councils such as Westmorland and Furness, and to planning authorities such as those in the Yorkshire dales and the Lake district, to ensure exclusive provision for affordable and social rented housing so that we do not see communities such as ours dying out because all the houses built end up being sold for second homes?
From his perspective as an assiduous constituency Member, the hon.
Gentleman makes a very good point, but may I commiserate with him?
At the recent Liberal Democrat conference, I am afraid he was defeated, and his party adopted a housing policy that he describes as Thatcherite.
It is a source of sadness to me to be outflanked on the right by the Liberal Democrats, but may I welcome more defections to the Thatcherite cause from those who once embraced my right hon.
Friend  the Member for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss)  as one of their own?
My constituents are frustrated with the planning system in that, although sites are allocated and protected in neighbourhood plans, when applications come in, their concerns about those sites are not listened to by local planning committees and by the inspectorate.
Will the Secretary of State tell my constituents in Witham what measures are in place in local neighbourhood plans and local development plans to protect these sites from being built on, so that the focus is on brownfield sites first and foremost?
My right hon.
Friend makes a very important point.
If her local authority has an up-to-date plan, that is the best protection against speculative development.
If, however, a local authority does not have a plan in place, there can be a presumption in favour of sustainable development and that can be upheld by the Planning Inspectorate, which could mean development on sites where local communities do not wish to see it.
That is why it is so important for local authorities to adopt plans.
The Secretary of State is a very clever man, and he must know that if there had been a large amount of brownfield land, it would have been built on.
The fact of the matter is that we in this country must bite the bullet and build on land other than brownfield, because there is not enough of it.
Does he agree that courage along with intellect would help us solve the housing problem?
The hon.
Gentleman is a man of independent mind, and he is straying from Front-Bench policy by decreeing me a man of intelligence—that is not the official Labour party position on these issues—but I should say that he is right.
It is not only brownfield land that can be developed, but it must be brownfield first, and there is significant room for additional brownfield development if we invest in urban regeneration, which we are doing.
What assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the Government’s levelling-up policies in reducing regional inequalities.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on supporting coastal communities.
I welcome the Minister to the Dispatch Box.
Thank you very much, Mr Speaker.
May I use this opportunity to pay tribute to my predecessor, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bishop Auckland (Dehenna Davison) , who bravely used this moment to raise the challenges faced by people with chronic migraine?
I thank her for her work and wish her the best of health. [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”]