I am a huge fan of the right hon.
Lady.
The proof of the pudding will be in the continued engagement that we have with the people of Hull and, indeed, with their Liberal Democrat council.
I have been running a “fair deal for new estates” campaign in my constituency to ensure that new estates are completed in a timely manner.
I am talking about not just the housing, but the play areas, the planting, the drainage and the pavements.
Will my hon.
Friend meet me to discuss this campaign, which is important locally and is achieving progress for residents in Harrogate and Knaresborough?
My hon.
Friend is doing an excellent job in raising the concerns of his constituents on the Floor of the House.
I know  that those concerns are also raised with many other colleagues.
That is why, in the Levelling-up and Regeneration Bill, we are strengthening planning enforcement powers, including powers to tackle uncompleted developments.
I hope his constituents will welcome that, and I would be pleased to meet him and discuss it in more detail.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
It is a pleasure to face the right hon.
Gentleman for our first questions.
I hope he enjoyed his party conference, cancelling a meat tax that nobody had planned, abolishing seven bins that do not exist and announcing that they would build a series of transport links that already do exist—not so much conference season as panto season.
I shall keep my question to a problem that definitely does exist.
One million families are waiting for social housing.
How can he justify handing back to the Treasury billions of pounds that are desperately needed to tackle the housing crisis?
It is because we spend our money effectively.
The affordable homes programme—the £11.5 billion investment that we are making—will lead, and has led, to investment in social and affordable housing across the country.
The right hon.
Lady has a challenge when it comes to credibility on social housing.
She secured the deputy leadership of her party by saying that the Labour party should be building 100,000 social homes every year, and yet its current target is zero.
Why did she retreat?
The right hon.
Gentleman just comes out with flannel—I think he is auditioning for panto season this afternoon.
He can dress it up however he likes, but the truth is that he could not spend this vital funding quickly enough in the middle of a housing crisis.
It is clear that the Prime Minister shares his disregard for struggling families.
In his hour-long speech in Manchester, the Prime Minister did not mention housing a single time—not once—but the Housing Minister did tell conference that renters are not all weed-smoking gangsters, which I am sure the right hon.
Gentleman knows all about, as he mentioned gangsters earlier today.
Can the Secretary of State assure us that, despite the tone of those remarks, the Renters (Reform) Bill will not be scrapped before the King’s Speech?
Yes, we are bringing reform to the rental market, but I note that at her own party conference the right hon.
Lady shared with the public not just her policies but her recipe for a cocktail called Venom, which apparently contains a bottle of vodka, a bottle of Southern Comfort, 10 Blue WKDs and a litre of orange juice.
We know what the real lethal cocktail from the Labour party is: a mix of unfunded spending commitments, massive borrowing, greenbelt development and hypocrisy on housing.
Next year marks the 50th anniversary of the amazing Hope Centre in Northampton, which for 50 years has been turning the lives around of people who have been homeless, getting them into a home of  their own and into a secure job.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating all the staff and volunteers at that amazing charity?