What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to support levelling-up policies across the UK.
What steps he is taking to level up across the whole of the United Kingdom.
Levelling up is a UK-wide project.
That is why we have delivered city and growth deals across Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland; why we have launched our investment zones programme, including zones in the north-east of Scotland and Glasgow; and why we are investing £4.8 billion through the levelling-up fund in projects ranging from the transformation of Burnley’s historic mills to the development of a cultural quarter in Peterhead.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for that answer.
However, as he develops these policies further, will he remember that even in apparently affluent areas, there are pockets that would benefit significantly from levelling-up investment, especially across Basildon  and Thurrock?
Will he therefore tell the House what plans he has to include those areas in the next round of investment?
My hon.
Friend makes a very important point, and in particular, it is vital to make sure that we level up that community in Thurrock.
Our plans to extend the economic development of Docklands east to make the Thames estuary a powerhouse for economic growth have been inspired by my hon.
Friend’s work and that of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Thurrock (Jackie Doyle-Price) .
It was a pleasure to welcome the Prime Minister to Burnley two weeks ago, when he announced that Burnley was one of the many towns getting money as part of the long-term plan for towns, on top of more than £32 million from the levelling-up fund.
I was particularly pleased to see that a key part of the long-term plan for towns is community engagement.
Will the Secretary of State set out what that community engagement will look like?
In particular, will it be a one-off, or can communities expect to be consulted throughout the decade for which the £20 million is allocated?
My hon.
Friend is right to point out that this is a decade-long investment in 55 towns across the United Kingdom.
We will work with people in Burnley, with its excellent Member of Parliament and with other representatives to ensure that we can tackle antisocial behaviour, revive high streets and make sure that the pride that people have in Burnley is reflected in investment from Government.
One of the economic sectors that provides levelling up across the whole of the United Kingdom is the creative industries, whether that is film production, theatre, the arts, video games or modern high tech.
Will the Secretary of State have conversations with Her Majesty’s Revenue and Customs and the Treasury about the proposals to change business rates, which may have a dramatic effect and curtail the opportunities for the creative industries?
Absolutely.
The vital role that our creative industries play across the United Kingdom in levelling up is one we need to not just protect, but enhance.
The delivery of local services is so important to levelling up all areas of Britain.
The Secretary of State will be aware that in rural areas, the cost of delivering public services is much higher than in their urban counterparts.
In rural counties such as Shropshire, for example, the cost of providing social care is much higher and the proportion of people who need that care is higher, because there are older residents.
Will the Secretary of State consider taking into account the cost of providing those services when determining the local government settlement in the future?
It is a very fair point, and absolutely, on the Government side of the House, we understand that rural communities need additional investment, not least when it comes to the cost of adult social care.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for South Basildon and East Thurrock (Stephen Metcalfe)  has said, there are pockets of deprivation even in wealthier areas, including Lichfield.