It is a very fair point, and absolutely, on the Government side of the House, we understand that rural communities need additional investment, not least when it comes to the cost of adult social care.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for South Basildon and East Thurrock (Stephen Metcalfe)  has said, there are pockets of deprivation even in wealthier areas, including Lichfield.
Will the Secretary of State give some indication of what sort of timescale there is for the next round of applications?
I simply cannot believe that there are any pockets of deprivation in Lichfield, given who has been representing that constituency since 1992.
The idea that there is any home unvisited by its Member of Parliament or that there is any hearth where there is a chill seems to be inconceivable.
But nevertheless, we will make sure that levelling-up fund round 3 is brought forward just in advance of the autumn statement, and Staffordshire, I hope, will have its voice heard.
We understand that the Secretary of State is planning some rushed, back-of-a-cigarette-packet devolution deal with Hull and the East Riding.
Can I urge caution?
After 13 years of deliberate, sustained and savage cuts to our city, the last thing we need now is a botched deal ahead of the general election.
The very least I expect the Secretary of State to guarantee is proper consultation, so that the people of Hull, who have been badly let down by this Tory Government, get the opportunity to understand the implications and to speak on the issue.
Will he guarantee that?
I have a lot of respect for the hon.
Gentleman, but we are not rushing or embarking on any botched process.
We are talking to representatives from both the East Riding and Kingston upon Hull councils in order to ensure that we can get a devolution deal that works.
We have devolution in York and North Yorkshire, West Yorkshire and South Yorkshire; as far as we are concerned, east Yorkshire should not be left out in that progress, but it is important that we get that right.
In the meantime, we are developing a levelling-up partnership with Hull, in order to ensure that vital investment, not least in transport, matches the investment that we have already secured on the south bank of the Humber.
I call the spokesperson for the Scottish National party.
Prior to Scotland’s being dragged out of the European Union against its will, EU regional development policies allocated up to £827 million from 2014 to 2020.
Crucially, the Scottish Government played a key role in directing the funding, in stark contrast to the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities, which bypasses Scotland’s Parliament and undermines devolution.
Will the Secretary of State and his Cabinet colleagues stop playing politics and devolve levelling up to Holyrood?
We are devolving levelling up—we are devolving it to local government.
That is why our recent towns fund announcement was welcomed by all councils, including SNP-led councils.
I say to the hon.
Lady, with respect, that the SNP conference, meeting in Aberdeen today, has decided that if the SNP gets 29 MPs, that is a mandate for independence.
Given the rate at which the SNP is losing MPs to defection and by-election, it will be at 29 by Christmas, so let us discuss it then.
What assessment he has made of the impact of the Government’s voter identification policies on the turnout of minority groups at elections.
As we committed to doing in legislation, we are conducting an evaluation of the impact of voter identification at the May polls.
We will publish that evaluation no later than November this year.
The Electoral Commission’s report into voter ID is utterly damning.
It found that awareness of the new rules was lowest among black and minority ethnic communities, and take-up of voter authority certificates was minimal.
Even the Government’s own MPs can see the reality of this failed experiment.
The right hon.