I thank her for her work and wish her the best of health. [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”]
We have established 12 levelling-up missions principally aimed at tackling regional inequality and ensuring that, wherever someone lives—in cities, towns, island, rural or coastal communities—their opportunities are the same.
Progress on the missions will be formally reported through an annual report as set out in our landmark Levelling-up and Regeneration Bill, which returns to the House of Commons tomorrow.
The Secretary of State says that we must have infrastructure that allows us to move towards zero-emission vehicles as quickly as possible, but the biggest 14 cities in the north of England have fewer electric vehicle charge points than the City of Westminster  alone.
How does the chasm between the number of charge points in London and those elsewhere demonstrate levelling up?
The hon.
Gentleman will know of the £20 billion reserved for transport investment in the north, and I am sure that some of that can be dedicated towards electric vehicles.
A conservative think-tank recently reported that coastal communities such as mine have lower life expectancy, inadequate transport links and people who are comparatively poorer.
After repeated rejections for towns and levelling-up moneys, are my constituents not right to blame the Government of the last 13 years for this deliberate levelling down?
The hon.
Lady, like me, represents a north-east coastal community, and she will be aware of our devolution agreement with the North East Combined Authority, which hopes to address some of the challenges in her area.
I call Sir Jake Berry.
Thank you, Mr Speaker—[Interruption.]
Order.
Will  the hon.
Member for Stone (Sir William Cash)  sit down, please?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend the Minister on his new post.
May I remind him of the huge opportunity and pent-up potential in former industrial mill towns such as those in my constituency?
One of the most gratifying things about the Government’s levelling-up programme has been how it has seen the potential in towns such as Rossendale, Rawtenstall, Bacup and Darwen and supported that with real money, with £120 million of town deal money for Darwen and £17.8 million for Rossendale.
Does he think that this is the right Government to drive forward the ambition of people who live in mill towns?
I completely agree with my right hon.
Friend.
This morning, I met the leaders of Lancashire County Council, Blackburn with Darwen, and Blackpool, and they all agree with me that a devolution agreement in Lancashire will be fantastic.
I am sure that you agree as well, Mr Speaker.
I am sure that the Minister should meet the district leaders as well.
I welcome the Minister to his new job.
Several months ago, Essex MPs met his predecessor to talk about the possibility of a combined authority for Essex.
We were overwhelmingly against it.
The people of Essex do not want this ridiculous white elephant; there is no demand from them.
This is all being brought about by some highly ambitious Essex county councillors and some officers who think they would do well out of it.
As most people in Essex do not even know that it is going on, will he and his boss meet me and other Essex MPs to hear our objections?
I am happy to meet my right hon.
Friend.
Given the Prime Minister’s recent announcement on High Speed 2, when will local government leaders and Metro Mayors in the midlands and north of England get to know what additional resource they will get as a consequence?
That question is best answered by the Department for Transport, but I will write to the hon.
Gentleman when I have further details.
I am absolutely delighted to hear that the Minister met the leaders of Lancashire County Council, and Blackburn with Darwen and Blackpool councils this morning to discuss the enormous opportunity that devolving transport and skills responsibility to Lancashire presents.