We accept the points that he makes.
I look forward to continue meeting with him, and we will try to find a positive resolution.
Local authorities are struggling to retrofit ageing rural council housing stock, which has allowed mould to set in.
What will the Minister do to avoid councils having to spend huge sums of council taxpayers’ money on positive input ventilation units to provide mould-free homes?
The scourge of damp and mould, particularly but not exclusively in the social and private rented sector, is an issue that the Government recognise that we need to tackle.
That is why we are providing additional support to local government and to housing associations in order to deal with that issue.
I look forward in particular to dealing with the hon.
Gentleman to assess the situation in Tiverton and Honiton.
I thank the Secretary of State for the tremendous support he has provided to Blackpool, with more than £140 million in levelling-up moneys allocated so far.
Is he able to provide an update on the plans for further housing-led regeneration in the Bond Street and Revoe areas of my constituency?
I fully recognise the importance of supporting Blackpool and places across the country in their ambitions for regeneration.
Homes England and my Department are continuing to work closely with Blackpool Council to level up the town and improve the quality of housing.
I look forward to my Department’s saying more about that in the future.
The Secretary of State, in our consideration of his Levelling-up and Regeneration Bill tomorrow, intends to remove reducing child poverty as a levelling-up mission.
Does he think it is possible to level up without reducing child poverty, or is it just the case that the Government do not care?
That is a fair question.
Of course we care about reducing child poverty; that is why the steps we are taking across 12 levelling-up missions, including on education and welfare, are designed to reduce poverty across the United Kingdom.
Berkeley Town Council has created a much-needed regeneration plan that will make the town worthy of the tourist attractions nearby, such as Berkeley castle and the Dr Jenner’s House museum, but we have little faith that the Green and Labour-led district council will get the levelling-up bid over the line.
It failed before and its local plans have also been withdrawn.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the issue?
I look forward to meeting my hon.
Friend and visiting her constituency.
Some 4,240 households in London alone were evicted last year using the no-fault possession grounds that the Government first promised to scrap four years ago.
How many more households will be evicted before the Government meet their promise?
We are committed to introducing our Renters (Reform) Bill, which will end section 21—something that, when Labour were in government, it did not do.
Levelling up is about levelling up all parts of the United Kingdom—north, south, east and west, including areas that did not get levelling-up funding in rounds 1 or 2 or the recent announcements, such as Gillingham town  centre.
Will the Secretary of State visit Gillingham with me and ensure that we get our fair share and allocation of resources?
Either I or one of my junior Ministers will join my hon.
Friend in Gillingham.
Some 54 months ago, the Government promised the Renters (Reform) Bill.
Since then, 10,000 Londoners have been threatened with eviction and renting is simply too insecure.
We are trying again to ask this: when will the Government be bringing in the Bill?
That is a good question; I liked it even better when  the hon.
Member for Westminster North (Ms Buck)  asked it.
As I explained, we will be bringing forward our legislation shortly.
As he is reforming the national planning policy framework and introducing a new infrastructure levy, how will my right hon.
Friend ensure that our constituents get the doctors and dentists capacity that must go with new homes?