Local authorities have an obligation to spend section 106 receipts in line with the purpose for which they were agreed, for exactly the reasons he gives.
We are committed to introducing new measures through the Levelling-up and Regeneration Bill that will give greater certainty to local communities about the infrastructure that will be delivered in their area.
Newcastle-under-Lyme is going through its local plan process at the moment.
I welcome the fact that the Conservative-led administration has reduced the overall number of new homes to 7,000, from the 11,500 in the previous, Labour-led local plan, which would have carpeted over our green spaces, as the Leader of the Opposition seemingly wants to do everywhere.
Nevertheless, some people are unhappy.
Would the Minister join me in urging the council in its next draft to further prioritise brownfield development, which is the key to regeneration?
I can assure my hon.
Friend that it is the Government’s policy to strongly encourage local authorities to make the most of brownfield land first, especially for new homes.
It is right that if local authorities  want to alter a green belt boundary, they have show exceptional circumstances.
We Conservatives believe in preserving our green spaces, and it is interesting to hear the proclamations from the Opposition.
I will be very interested to see whether they propose concreting over the green spaces surrounding their own constituencies.
I chair the all-party parliamentary group for healthy homes and buildings.
We have undertaken an inquiry and sent the report through to Ministers.
The recommendations from that were clear: while it is good to have healthy, energy-efficient homes, it is really important to have green space around those houses.
Has the Minister had an opportunity to read the report from the APPG?
If not, I will ensure that she gets a copy, and I hope that she will then come back to me on the recommendations.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman so much for his comments, and I would be delighted to read the report from his APPG and respond to him.
I fully agree with his broader point that green spaces are vital for mental health and wellbeing, as well as physical health.
What steps he is taking to help ensure the delivery of projects supported by the Towns Fund.
We are supporting 101 towns through our £6.1 billion towns fund, helping to level up across the country.
I thank my hon.
Friend for all his efforts locally in ensuring that the £25 million Dewsbury town deal delivers the positive outcomes that we all wish to see for his constituents.[Official Report,  25 October 2023 , Vol.
738, c. 8MC.]
My Department proactively engages with local authorities through our monitoring and evaluation process to determine the delivery support they require, including specialist support from the Department where needed.
On behalf of the people of Dewsbury, I thank my hon.
Friend for the additional £20 million announced for our town centre, on top of the £24.8 million I secured after being elected.
In light of Labour-run Kirklees Council’s financial mismanagement and failure to deliver regeneration projects in the past, how can we ensure that the towns fund monies are used to transform the town centre and not squandered because of the council’s inability to deliver anything on time or within budget?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for being such a fantastic champion for Dewsbury.
My officials are monitoring the town deal and working closely with Kirklees Council and the town deal board to ensure that projects are delivered quickly.
Like my hon.
Friend, I was pleased to see that there is an extra £20 million for Dewsbury as part of our long-term plan for towns, and I look forward to hearing more about Dewsbury and its ambitions soon.
Fifty-five towns receive support from the towns fund in England, Scotland and Wales, but none in Northern Ireland do.