That question is best answered by the Department for Transport, but I will write to the hon.
Gentleman when I have further details.
I am absolutely delighted to hear that the Minister met the leaders of Lancashire County Council, and Blackburn with Darwen and Blackpool councils this morning to discuss the enormous opportunity that devolving transport and skills responsibility to Lancashire presents.
Will he and the whole of the Treasury Bench look favourably upon this?
It is an opportunity that we are keen to take to deliver for people in Lancashire and South Ribble.
Maybe we could have a meeting with Lancashire MPs as well as district leaders.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for her question and to you, Mr Speaker, for your point.
I hope to meet Lancashire MPs next week to discuss devolution.
I hope that we are able to announce a devolution deal in advance of Lancashire Day at the end of November.
I call the shadow Minister.
I welcome the new Minister to his place.
In the Secretary of State’s address to his party conference there was barely a mention of levelling up, and no mention whatsoever of the Government’s 12 missions, which were central to the original White Paper designed to tackle regional inequalities across England.
There now exists a gaping chasm between a transformative change promised by the rhetoric of levelling up and the actual reality.
Is the truth of the matter not that Downing Street has totally lost interest in that agenda, while the Department’s leadership bumbles on directionless and toothless, its bold promises unfulfilled and, in many cases, utterly disregarded?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her kind words and her question, though I completely disagree with her.
At the party conference we announced £1 billion for our long-term plan for towns, which will help us level up towns right across the country.
I hope she welcomes that.
What steps he is taking to support first-time buyers.
The Government have a range of schemes available to first-time buyers, including First Homes and shared ownership.
The mortgage guarantee scheme helps to increase the supply of 95% loan-to-value mortgages.
We have also doubled the threshold at which stamp duty land tax becomes due to £250,000, and expanded first-time buyer relief.
In West Fenham recently, Mr and Mrs Joyce told me how their daughter and prospective son in-law had lived with them for five years while they tried to realise their dream of home ownership.
Even after saving a deposit, the failure of the Minister’s Government to build houses meant that they were constantly outbid on the few homes available.
Labour has set out plans to get Britain building again.
Will the Minister match our ambition, or is living with the in-laws the new Tory dream?
The hon.
Lady asks whether we will match Labour’s ambition.
I have news for her: from what I picked up from the Labour party conference, it announced the same targets that we are getting on with.
I draw her attention to the fact that more than 860,000 households have been helped to purchase a home since spring 2010, through Government-backed schemes including Help to Buy, Right to Buy and First Homes.
I welcome the new “young” Minister to his post.
I want to attach myself to tributes to his predecessor, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bishop Auckland (Dehenna Davison) , who is sitting next to me.
Last week, a freedom of information request showed that the Lib Dem-Labour controlled Greater Cambridge Partnership, which handles city deal money in my constituency, spent £4.7 million developing plans for a congestion charge that was then dropped because it was opposed basically by everyone.
It also spent £16.5 million on the Cambridge South East Transport bus route, also now dropped, and £18 million on new car parks, none of which are actually open.