We are supporting 101 towns through our £6.1 billion towns fund, helping to level up across the country.
I thank my hon.
Friend for all his efforts locally in ensuring that the £25 million Dewsbury town deal delivers the positive outcomes that we all wish to see for his constituents.
My Department proactively engages with local authorities through our monitoring and evaluation process to determine the delivery support they require, including specialist support from the Department where needed.
I know that Members across the House will have been shocked by the recent terrorist attack on Israel by Hamas.
I invite the House to stand with me and observe a minute’s silence in recognition of all those innocent Israelis, Palestinians and others who have lost their lives, all those taken hostage and all those affected by the conflict in the region.
Please join me now in standing.
The House observed a one-minute silence.
The following Member took and subscribed the Oath required by law:
Michael Shanks, for Rutherglen and Hamilton West.
Ordered,
That Lilian Greenwood be discharged from the Committee of Selection and Holly Lynch be added.—(Mr Marcus Jones.)
The Secretary of State was asked—
What his policy is on the use of brownfield land for new developments.
The Government strongly encourage the reuse of suitable brownfield land.
Our national planning policy framework makes it clear that local authorities should give substantial weight to the value of using suitable brownfield land within settlements for homes and other identified needs.
The Levelling Up and Regeneration Bill will further empower local leaders to regenerate urban centres by strengthening and adding to existing measures.
Homes England proposes to build up to 10,000 houses on greenfield sites west of Ifield in my constituency.
What directive has my right hon.
Friend’s Department given to the executive agency Homes England on the Department’s brownfield-first building policy?
I am very grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that question.
I cannot go into individual planning cases, but Homes England is leading a programme of urban regeneration.
The work that we are doing in London’s docklands and in Leeds, Sheffield, Wolverhampton and other areas demonstrates our commitment both to levelling up and to making sure that, for environmental and economic reasons, we develop brownfield land first.
My I help out the Secretary of State?
He is aware of the Grove Lane site on the Sandwell-Birmingham border, in which the West Midlands Combined Authority and its Mayor are also interested.
It is opposite the new Midland Metropolitan University Hospital site and it is an ideal brownfield site for housing.
Will his Department get on with it?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman, who refers to the Mayor of the West Midlands Combined Authority, the only metro Mayor to significantly exceed housing targets in the delivery of new homes.
He is that rare thing: a Labour MP who welcomes house building in his own constituency.
Of course I will support him.
I call the Father of the House.
My right hon.
Friend may know that, in Durrington in north-west Worthing, more than 1,000 new homes have been built.
Will he ask his inspectors—and the Leader of the Opposition—to recognise that Chatsmore Farm and Lansdowne Nurseries should not be built on?
We must have some green fields between one habitation and another.
The Father of the House makes a very important point.
Of course, his beautiful constituency—situated as it is between the sea and areas of outstanding natural beauty—has already seen significant development and we do need to ensure that settlements have the green belts around them protected.