Does he accept that Hamas are a creature of a client state of Russia, and while we are talking about this we must remember that Russia is still at war in Ukraine?
I thank my right hon.
Friend, and he is right to point to the broader situation and welcome the progress that had been made on normalisation between Israel and other countries in the region, which speaks to the brighter future that we all hope we will see one day.
Let me reassure him on our support for Ukraine: we remain committed to that, and just this Friday I was at the Joint Expeditionary Force summit in Sweden talking with our northern European, Scandinavian and Baltic partners and hearing directly from President Zelensky about how we in the JEF will continue to support Ukraine in the coming year.
My right hon.
Friend can rest assured that we are able to do both.
Noam Sagi, his wife Michal and their son are here today to watch you give your statement, Prime Minister.
Ada Sagi, Noam’s mum, was taken hostage from her home by Hamas on  Saturday 7 October , and is currently being held hostage in Gaza.
Ada booked a ticket to the UK to celebrate her 75th birthday.
Noam has written to the Prime Minister to ask for his immediate intervention and assistance.
Joe Biden has made personal calls to his citizens.
I ask the Prime Minister if he will please—remember, the family are watching—spare just five minutes to have a quick conversation with them.
Of course I am happy to have a quick conversation, but I am also engaged actively with our partners in the region to try to ensure the safe release of our hostages, which I am sure the House will support me in doing any which way we can.
We will use all the tools at our disposal to ensure their safe return, not just for the hon.
Lady’s constituents but all those British nationals and others who were taken by Hamas in that appalling act.
They should know that we are doing absolutely everything we can to try to bring them back home as quickly and safely as possible.
We in this House are all absolutely horrified by the terrorist atrocities in Israel and the appalling way in which the Hamas terrorists have murdered, tortured and kidnapped men, women and children.
I thank the Prime Minister for his important and significant statement today, and for the way in which—as he has just said—we are giving all the support to the grieving families right now.
That is paramount.
Can he explain from his conversations with President Sisi how the opening of the border crossings between Gaza and Egypt on humanitarian grounds will be undertaken in a way that prevents Hamas terrorists from leaving and potentially creating further atrocities in the region?
My right hon.
Friend has made an excellent point.
That is why there is complexity to opening the Rafah border crossing, but she should be reassured that we are engaged in those conversations with the Egyptians and with other partners, including the Americans, to find a safe way to open the crossing—ideally, for the evacuation of British nationals who may be in Gaza, but also to send humanitarian support into Gaza, which I know we would all like to see happen.
The International Committee of the Red Cross has stated that
“hospitals in Gaza risk turning into morgues without electricity.”
The Commissioner-General of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East has said that the agency’s colleagues in Gaza are no longer able to provide humanitarian assistance, and the number of people seeking shelter in UNRWA facilities in the south is absolutely overwhelming.
Some civilians have no choice but to stay in the north of Gaza, and must be protected at all times.