Like my hon.
Friend, I was pleased to see that there is an extra £20 million for Dewsbury as part of our long-term plan for towns, and I look forward to hearing more about Dewsbury and its ambitions soon.
Fifty-five towns receive support from the towns fund in England, Scotland and Wales, but none in Northern Ireland do.
The excuse has been given that the Executive is not formed, although that is as much the responsibility of the Government as that of people in Northern Ireland, but given that the  criterion has already been set, why has it not been possible to select towns in Northern Ireland to benefit from the towns fund?
We want to see the Northern Ireland Executive up and running as soon as possible, and I think that that is an ambition shared across the House.
I hope that when it is up and running, we will be able to help it with the funds that the right hon.
Gentleman has mentioned.
I call the shadow Minister.
We all know that this Government claim a lot, but now they are claiming that they have a long-term plan for towns while continuing to build them without any of the infrastructure that people want and need.
Residents of Mid Bedfordshire know that all too well: like many others, they struggle to see a GP or get a dentist, and the council’s budget is half what it was in 2015.
The Tories have gutted the elements that make a town a home.
Can the Minister please explain why they persist in prioritising developers in our towns over the people living in them?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question, but I completely disagree with her.
Members need only look at the measures that we are introducing in the Levelling-up and Regeneration Bill, which will come to the House tomorrow, to see the huge changes that we intend to make to high streets to allow them to work better for local people.
What steps he is taking to help increase the number of new homes.
We have announced £10 billion of investment in housing supply since the start of this Parliament, and we are also investing £11.5 billion in the latest affordable homes programme to provide thousands of new homes across the country for people to rent or, of course, to buy.
In July we set out our long-term plan for housing, with regeneration programmes in Cambridge, London and Leeds.
When the Department tried to change the nutrient neutrality rules, the Labour party fell at the first hurdle, showing that it had changed since its claims to be the party of house building.
It blocked that, so will Ministers commit themselves to pushing through these essential changes afresh?
Absolutely.
We have just heard from  the hon.
Member for Luton North (Sarah Owen)  a crude nimbyist appeal to the voters of Mid Bedfordshire, a week after the leader of the Labour party said he was in favour of
“the builders, not the blockers”
—but who could be surprised, given that, as my hon.
Friend has rightly pointed out, when we put forward legislation for 100,000 new homes, Labour blocked it?
It is unbelievable that the crew of gangsters over there are peddling the same nonsense week in, week out.
Order.
I think we are going to moderate our language a little bit.
rose—
So sit down, and we will move on.
For all the sound and fury from the Secretary of State, he knows that the maths does not lie and that the Government have failed on their targets.
They have downgraded their affordable housing targets, and have still failed on those.
When will the Secretary of State bite the bullet and provide more properly affordable social housing for people in my constituency and others who simply cannot afford to buy their own homes?
I withdraw the word “gangster”, Mr Speaker; I should have said “huckster”.