Let me be unequivocal that those who incite racial or religious hatred on our streets, or who inflict violence and cause untold suffering to people, will be met with the full force  of the law.
I know the whole House will join me in making sure that happens: that the police have all the tools, resources and powers they need to bring that about.
In conclusion, let me say that the right hon.
and learned Gentleman is absolutely right that this House stands united: united in condemning unequivocally this terrorist attack by Hamas, and united in saying that we will be steadfast in our support for Israel, and steadfast in our support for the Jewish people—not just today, not just tomorrow, but always.
I call the Father of the House.
The House will be grateful to both the Prime Minister and the Leader of the Opposition for the lead that they have given in today’s statement.
This is not the time to point out the faults of Benjamin Netanyahu.
What we have to say is that the inexcusable terror attack on Israelis was intended to bring awful harm to the Palestinians.
Rather than quote international leaders, I want to quote a senior constituent, who said: “This is a very harrowing time for Jews all over the world.
There are about 16 million of us worldwide.
Why can’t they leave us alone?”
If we pray for the peace of Jerusalem, we want to try to bring security, both to the people of Israel and to the Palestinians in Gaza.
Does the Prime Minister know that he will have our support as he tries to do that?
I thank the Father of the House for what he has said, and I simply agree with his constituent in saying that all of us will pray for peace in the region, but especially for peace for those families who have been so tragically affected by what has happened over the past week.
I call the SNP leader.
Rabbie Burns once poignantly wrote that
“Man’s inhumanity to man makes countless thousands mourn!”
It is with those words echoing in all our hearts that we send our thoughts and prayers to all those suffering in the middle east.
The abhorrent terrorist attack by Hamas on the Jewish people and the Israeli state was a crime against our common humanity, and it must be condemned unequivocally.
What more powerful response can we have than to seek to protect the shared innocence and shared humanity of both Israeli and Palestinian civilians?
That will require a lot.
It will require the defeat of Hamas; it will require the safe return of all those hostages who have been taken; it will require the opening of humanitarian corridors, so that people can escape Gaza and aid can get in; and it will require medicine, water and electricity for hospitals, so that people who are injured can be treated.
It will require no collective punishment.
Making all of that happen will require international leadership and diplomacy.
On these isles, that responsibility will fall to the UK Prime Minister, and I very much wish him well in making that happen.
Right across this Chamber, we all need to be very conscious that history will judge us on our response not just to these abhorrent attacks but to the humanitarian crisis that is undoubtedly unfolding in Gaza.
Let us not be on the wrong side of history.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his remarks, and I agree that this crisis demands that the United Kingdom steps up diplomatically to make a difference—to bring about peace and stability.
That is what we have done over the past week, as I alluded to in my statement.
The Foreign Secretary was the first person to visit Israel and has spoken to multiple counterparts.