As I say, if the hon.
Lady wishes to raise the case of this individual building once again with me or talk to me separately outside, I will be happy to enable that.
For every under-11 metre building we are made aware of as requiring additional remediation, we are going through and checking things, and compiling audits, where necessary, to get to the bottom of it.
The Government strongly believe that under-11 metre buildings do not need extensive remediation, and we will be happy to talk more about any buildings where these issues have been raised.
Does the necessity for the Government to take that sort of action show the danger that leaseholders are under from the abuse of freeholders’ power?
May I, through him, gently remind the Secretary of State of an assurance he gave me when talking about leasehold?
He said:
“We need to end this feudal form of tenure and ensure individuals have the right to enjoy their own property fully.
”—[Official Report,  20 February 2023 ; Vol.
728, c. 3.]
Is that still intended to be in the King’s Speech?
My right hon.
Friend knows that I am not able to anticipate what will be in the King’s Speech.
We are clear that, particularly with regard to remediation, some freeholders have stepped up and should be credited for doing so, but others have absolutely not done so.
The Secretary of State and I will not hesitate to call out that activity where it occurs.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on the action he and the Secretary of State are taking against developers that refuse to remediate tall buildings.
What action will he now propose to take  against developers that deliberately do not carry out this work and leave leaseholders with their lives in peril and potentially not able to sell or even insure their properties?
As my hon.
Friend is aware, we are ensuring that developers uphold the promises they have made, through the developer contract and through the responsible actors scheme, which makes sure that if they fail to do so they could, in extremis, be banned from building in this country again.
If there is any indication what he describes is occurring, we will be happy to take action and I will be happy to receive any information from him or others in the House.
I call the shadow Minister.
More than six years on from the Grenfell disaster, where 72 people lost their lives, Sam, a disabled resident in a Galliard Homes building, is one of the hundreds of thousands of people still trapped in buildings that have not been remediated.
Is this the new “do nothing” approach from the Department to building safety that was highlighted in The Guardian today, an approach that forced the resignation of a senior civil servant from the Department?
I think that question is somewhat beneath the hon.
Gentleman, but let me state clearly what the Government are doing.
They have recognised that there is an issue and have legislated to resolve that.
They are working extremely hard to ensure that developers are held to account for that, and over the past few months, they have had success in ensuring that that process takes place.
Where developers are no longer around, they are also stepping up and making sure that the cladding defects are covered.
Hundreds of buildings have concluded their remediation over recent months, which demonstrates the progress that is being made.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to support levelling-up policies across the UK.
What steps he is taking to level up across the whole of the United Kingdom.
Levelling up is a UK-wide project.