Every tragic loss of life in Gaza is the responsibility of Hamas alone.
Some people in this place would do well to remember that fact.
A week on from the pogroms, what do we have on the streets of Britain?
We have some people attending pro-Palestinian marches, holding up banners in support of terrorists, whether it be hang-gliders, chanting anti-Jewish chants, supporting the racist boycott, divestment and sanctions movement or, in the case of a protest in Glasgow, reminding Jews where they were in 1940.
Jews need no reminder of where they were in 1940.
Those scenes are deeply distressing to British Jews, many of whom do not believe that the police will take action.
Could I urge the Prime Minister to look at what some of our European partners are doing, and to take stronger action against some of those marches?
I thank my hon.
Friend for everything he does to support the Jewish community in our country.
I join him in saying that these acts are appalling.
I want to make sure that we provide security and relieve the anxiety in the Jewish community here in the United Kingdom, which is why I quickly took steps last week to provide that reassurance.
I am clear that where people incite racial or religious hatred, or where people’s conduct is threatening, abusive or disorderly or causes distress to others, we expect the police to take action, and those committing such crimes should face the full force of the law.
I join this House in its condemnation of the bloodshed in Israel and Palestine.
The 2 million Palestinians in the open-air prison of Gaza faced a dire humanitarian emergency long before today, yet indiscriminate airstrikes and siege tactics have turned what was a critical emergency into a devastating catastrophe.
Will the Prime Minister make it clear to the Israeli Government that laying siege to civilians in Gaza by cutting off food, water, power and  medical supplies and through indiscriminate airstrikes killing civilians is in clear violation of international law?
Just what is the international community doing to stop the horrific and inhuman treatment of Palestinians?
I again point out gently to the hon.
Gentleman that Hamas are the entity responsible for the suffering we are seeing, and Hamas alone.
Of course we in the international community will do our best to alleviate the impact on innocent people, which is why we have today announced further aid to the region.
We will make sure that we provide as much humanitarian support as we can and indeed, in all our conversations with leaders around the region, we are discussing the humanitarian situation and finding ways to work together to alleviate the impact on innocent lives, and that is what we will continue to do.
Does the Prime Minister accept that what Hamas did was not terrorism for its own sake, but an act of calculated barbarism with a strategy behind it?
The present war will not feature Egypt and Jordan as enemies of Israel as was the case in previous wars, so does he agree that that strategy is to try and prevent similar peace agreements with countries such as Saudi Arabia?
Does he accept that Hamas are a creature of a client state of Russia, and while we are talking about this we must remember that Russia is still at war in Ukraine?
I thank my right hon.
Friend, and he is right to point to the broader situation and welcome the progress that had been made on normalisation between Israel and other countries in the region, which speaks to the brighter future that we all hope we will see one day.