As I explained, we will be bringing forward our legislation shortly.
As he is reforming the national planning policy framework and introducing a new infrastructure levy, how will my right hon.
Friend ensure that our constituents get the doctors and dentists capacity that must go with new homes?
The infrastructure levy that we are bringing forward will ensure, through the Levelling-up and Regeneration Bill, that the money is there to provide services when new development takes place.
We will work with the NHS to ensure that GP and dental provision is part of that.
We have a plan for an infrastructure levy; Labour has no plan.
The attacks in Israel last weekend shocked the world.
Over 1,400 people murdered one by one; over 3,500 wounded; almost 200 taken hostage; the elderly, men, women, children and babes in arms murdered, mutilated, burned alive.
We should call it by its name: it was a pogrom.
The families of some of the missing are in the Public Gallery today.
We call for the immediate release of all hostages, and I say to them, “We stand with you.
We stand with Israel.”
The murdered and the missing come from over 30 countries, including the United Kingdom.
The terrible nature of these attacks means it is proving difficult to identify many of the deceased, but, with a heavy heart, I can inform the House that at least six British citizens were killed.
A further 10 are missing, some of whom are feared to be among the dead.
We are working with Israel to establish the facts as quickly as possible, and we are supporting the families who are suffering unimaginable pain.
We are also helping British citizens who want to leave Israel.
We have organised eight flights so far, bringing out more than 500 people, with more flights leaving today.
We are working with neighbouring countries on land evacuations for our citizens in Gaza and the west bank.
I have spoken specifically to President Sisi about supporting civilians to leave Gaza by the Rafah border crossing, which remains closed at present, and we have a Border Force team in Egypt working with our embassy to help citizens when they are able to cross.
I will come back to the grave humanitarian situation in Gaza in a moment, but I want first to address the British Jewish community directly: as I said at Finchley United synagogue last week, and at the Jewish school I visited this morning, we stand with you now and always.
This atrocity was an existential strike at the very idea of Israel as a safe homeland for the Jewish people.
I understand why it has shaken you to your core.
I am sickened that antisemitic incidents have increased since the attack.
We are doing everything we can to protect you.
We are providing an additional £3 million for the Community Security Trust to protect schools, synagogues and other Jewish community buildings, and we are working with the police to ensure that hate crime and the glorification of terror are met with the full force of the law.
I know that the whole House will support that and join me in saying unequivocally that we stand with the Jewish community.
I also recognise that this is a moment of great anguish for British Muslim communities, who are also appalled by the actions of Hamas but are fearful of the response.
We must listen to those concerns with the same attentiveness.
Hamas are using innocent Palestinian people as human shields, with the tragic loss of more than 2,600 Palestinian lives, including many children.
We mourn the loss of every innocent life, of the civilians of every faith and every nationality who have been killed, so let us say it plainly: we stand with British Muslim communities, too.