Gentleman for his remarks, and I agree that this crisis demands that the United Kingdom steps up diplomatically to make a difference—to bring about peace and stability.
That is what we have done over the past week, as I alluded to in my statement.
The Foreign Secretary was the first person to visit Israel and has spoken to multiple counterparts.
In the same vein, I myself have been working with allies across the region to make sure that we can work together to bring about a successful and peaceful resolution.
We also recognise the scale of the humanitarian situation that is unfolding and are playing a leading role in helping to alleviate it, not least with our announcement today of considerably more aid for the Palestinian territories, building on our strong track record as one of the leading providers of aid to the region.
That will continue.
The attack on Israel by Hamas terrorists was barbaric.
Terrorists must be defeated, whoever they are and wherever they are.
I commend my right hon.
Friends the Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary for the stance that the Government have taken in support of the Jewish community here in the UK, and in support of Israel and its right to defend itself.
I welcome the Prime Minister’s statement that action must be taken in line with international humanitarian law, but will he give a commitment today that the Government will leave no stone unturned in their efforts to prevent regional escalation of the conflict?
In doing so, will he reflect on the role of Iran?
I can give my right hon.
Friend that reassurance.
It is not only something that we have discussed extensively with partners in the region, but why last week I deployed surveillance aircraft and assets to the Mediterranean, and they are already engaged in ensuring that arms shipments do not find their way to people such as those in Hezbollah, and that Iran does not see this as an opportunity to escalate the conflict.
The support that we have put into the region has already been welcomed by our partners, who share our aim to ensure that action is constrained to dealing with Hamas and what they have done.
No one wants to see any escalation.
Again, that is something that Prime Minister Netanyahu and I discussed, and he very much agrees that his objective is to deal with Hamas and not to see the conflict spread more widely.
The scale of Hamas’s terrorist attacks has been utterly horrifying and the atrocities they have committed are truly sickening.
We stand with the people of Israel and with the Jewish community, who are grieving and afraid.
We call for the unconditional release of all hostages and urge the Government finally to proscribe as a terrorist organisation the funders of Hamas: Iran’s revolutionary guard.
Israel unquestionably has the right to defend itself and its citizens.
That means targeting Hamas, not innocent civilians, in line with international law.
I am concerned about the forced evacuation of hospitals in Gaza, which means death for innocent Palestinians who will not  survive being taken off life support.
The World Health Organisation has said that this may be a breach of international humanitarian law, so will the Prime Minister set out what advice he has received on the matter?
Unlike Hamas, the Israeli President has said that the Israeli armed forces will operate in accordance with international law.
Israel’s attempt to minimise civilian casualties by warning people to leave northern Gaza has been further complicated by Hamas terrorists telling the local population not to leave and instead using them as human shields.
We will continue to urge Israel, as I have done when I have spoken to Prime Minister Netanyahu, that while it exercises its absolute right to defend itself and ensure that such attacks can never happen again, it should take every possible precaution to minimise the impact on civilians.