It found that awareness of the new rules was lowest among black and minority ethnic communities, and take-up of voter authority certificates was minimal.
Even the Government’s own MPs can see the reality of this failed experiment.
The right hon.
Member for North East Somerset (Sir Jacob Rees-Mogg)  said:
“Parties that try and gerrymander end up finding their clever scheme comes back to bite them”.
Does the Minister agree with her own Conservative colleagues?
I remind the hon.
Lady that 99.75% of the electorate were able to vote successfully.
I also remind her that it was the Electoral Commission that called for voter identification.
It has existed in Northern Ireland for two decades and was introduced under a Labour Government, and it exists in most European countries.
On the hon.
Lady’s point about ethnic minorities, everyone deserves fair and free elections, and it has been ethnic minorities in areas such as Tower Hamlets and Birmingham who have been the victims of electoral fraud.
Whether his Department is taking steps to help ensure that social housing providers are accountable to tenants.
We are taking action to improve the quality of social housing.
The Social Housing (Regulation) Act 2023, which received Royal Assent in July, will deliver transformative change across the sector, introducing proactive consumer regulation and rebalancing the relationships between landlords and tenants, ensuring that landlords are properly held to account for their performance.
I welcome the steps the Government are taking to support people living in social housing, but many people in Carshalton and Wallington who live in social housing are still concerned about the level of service they receive from their providers.
I have received complaints about a number of housing associations, including Liberal Democrat-run Sutton Council’s housing arm, Sutton Housing Partnership, and Metropolitan Thames Valley, which provides housing in Roundshaw.
Will the Secretary of State assure those residents that they have somewhere to go when things go wrong?
Yes, those residents absolutely do have somewhere to go.
My hon.
Friend, the excellent Member of Parliament for Carshalton and Wallington, stands up not just for his constituents, but for the most vulnerable in society, with clarity and moral authority.
Our legislation will make sure that Metropolitan Thames Valley Housing and, indeed, Liberal Democrat-led Sutton Council are held to account for any failures.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Last Thursday, I was privileged to be invited to join a meeting chaired by the Prime Minister and the Home Secretary at which we heard from the Community Security Trust about the deeply unfortunate rise in antisemitic incidents following the terrorist attack that we marked at the start of today’s sitting.
The increase in antisemitic incidents recorded by the Community Security Trust and its partner, Tell MAMA, is 494%.
It is a melancholy trend, and I know that everyone in this House will join me in doing everything we can to defeat antisemitism and to promote peace and justice.
I welcome the comments that the Secretary of State has just made, but may I take him to task about some of the comments that he made earlier?
He talked about having conversations with Hull City Council about transport.
This comes after the Government’s decade-long refusal to back the electrification of a line to Hull.
It also comes after the exclusion of the northern Mayors in the decision to scrap the northern leg of HS2.
Why should any of the people in Hull and East Riding—
Order.
Topicals should be short and sweet.
The right hon.
Lady should just finish her question very quickly.
Why should the people of Hull and East Yorkshire trust what this Government ever say?
I am a huge fan of the right hon.
Lady.
The proof of the pudding will be in the continued engagement that we have with the people of Hull and, indeed, with their Liberal Democrat council.