Friend  the Member for Bishop Auckland (Dehenna Davison) , who is sitting next to me.
Last week, a freedom of information request showed that the Lib Dem-Labour controlled Greater Cambridge Partnership, which handles city deal money in my constituency, spent £4.7 million developing plans for a congestion charge that was then dropped because it was opposed basically by everyone.
It also spent £16.5 million on the Cambridge South East Transport bus route, also now dropped, and £18 million on new car parks, none of which are actually open.
That is a total so far of £160 million on transport projects, and virtually none of them functioning.
It is now asking the Government for £200 million more.
It is no wonder that in Cambridge and South Cambridgeshire, people think that the Greater Cambridge Partnership is unelected, unaccountable and a waste of public money.
Does the Minister agree that we have to ensure public value for money?
Will he meet me to talk about the details?
Order.
That question is too long, and I am not quite sure how it fits in with first-time buyers.
I will ask the Minister later.
I don’t think you will.
What steps his Department is taking to protect green spaces.
What steps his Department is taking to protect green spaces.
What steps his Department is taking to protect green spaces.
Through the Levelling Up Parks Fund we have made available £9 million for local authorities in areas of high deprivation  to create or significantly refurbish green spaces.
The fund also includes the planting and maintaining of trees and encourages projects to work towards green flag award status.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
What steps is she taking to ensure that proposed sites for housing that are completely unsuitable for reasons of biodiversity or lack of access or proximity to a site of special scientific interest are not taken forward and built upon?
Although this is a national, not local, question, I am thinking particularly of a contentious application on Water Lane in Knaresborough, which has previously been refused.
My hon.
Friend will, I hope, understand that I cannot comment on that specific case or situation, but it is really important that local authorities make decisions according to their local plans, as my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State set out earlier.
If local authorities have a plan in place, it allows them to set out where they would like to see development that benefits their natural environment take place.
In England, we have also set out that from January 2024 biodiversity net gain will apply to mitigate the impact of major development.
That requires developers to deliver 10% biodiversity net gain.
In 10 days’ time Bradford Council is likely to give the green light to yet more houses to be built in Silsden on valuable green space.
If approved, the additional 140 houses will follow many hundreds of houses currently being built in Silsden, and many more are awaiting planning approval.
Silsden’s infrastructure simply cannot cope.
Does the Minister agree that Bradford Council should prioritise Silsden’s infrastructure first, rather than seeing the area as a quick win for achieving its housing targets?
My hon.
Friend is completely right.
As ever, he champions his constituents over the actions of Labour-run Bradford Council, which obviously has a detrimental impact on his constituent’s lives.
Local authorities have an obligation to spend section 106 receipts in line with the purpose for which they were agreed, for exactly the reasons he gives.
We are committed to introducing new measures through the Levelling-up and Regeneration Bill that will give greater certainty to local communities about the infrastructure that will be delivered in their area.
Newcastle-under-Lyme is going through its local plan process at the moment.