Gentleman on introducing a Bill on this important subject.
He mentions research.
Can he explain why the extent of clauses 2 and 3 is limited to England and Wales?
What is happening in Scotland in relation to the research issues?
The challenge is devolution.
I am a huge fan of devolution, but often the UK is at its best when it works together, particularly on healthcare.
I hope that in time we will see progress and the nations will work together.
I do not want to overstate this, but there have been discussions across the UK about how we could work together on the issue, so perhaps the answer is, “Watch this space.”
The Bill’s fourth measure is to trigger a review by the Government of the orphan drug regulations, to examine how they can be reformed to better incentivise pharmaceutical companies to invest in clinical trials for rare cancers.
Specifically, it will consider how incentives could be provided to pharmaceutical companies to trial the repurposing of new cancer treatments.
We often hear about how drug development for one cancer can be used to defeat another; that is what Kira relies on right now.
My Bill aims to build a foundation for industrialising that approach via incentives.
The EU has a similar system for incentivising the testing of drugs for paediatric use that have already been approved for adult use, so the approach has been tried and tested.
Together, these measures will ensure that we have leadership in Government and will remove the barriers to running new clinical trials that researchers and pharmaceutical companies face.
I thank my hon.
Friend for the powerful way in which he is introducing the Bill.
Will he recognise the work of pioneering teams such as the one at Charing Cross hospital, under Imperial College healthcare NHS trust, where Professor Michael Seckl is leading the way in groundbreaking treatment for and research on gestational trophoblastic disease and germ cell tumours?
Does he agree that those centres need support to expand and share their research findings with the rest of the NHS?
Absolutely.
There is fantastic expertise in our universities across the UK; as I say that, I have to refer hon.
Members to my registered interests because of my connections with the university sector.
There is much more that we can do to attract the best researchers to the UK and build capacity in UK universities.
The Bill will provide greater accountability for the delivery of new research, but please do not just take my word for it.
Brain Tumour Research has described it as
“essential for a brain tumour cure”.
I did not feel any pressure at all when I read that quote!
No, it was quite daunting, to be honest.
The Less Survivable Cancers Taskforce says that the Bill
“could be a truly transformative moment in the UK’s approach to research for rare and less common cancers.”
My friends at the Brain Tumour Charity say that the Bill
“is a framework for tangible, impactful change.”
At this point, I have to mention my daughter’s connection with the Brain Tumour Charity.
She is running a marathon in May to raise funding for it, and I wish her well. [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”]
Thank you.
Let me list some of the other groups that support the Bill.
They include Pancreatic Cancer UK, which has been absolutely fantastic in its support for what we are doing; Cancer52, an organisation that represents more than 100 groups; the Angel Mums; the Grace Kelly Childhood Cancer Trust; and the Inflammatory Breast Cancer Network UK.
Inflammatory breast cancer accounts for 2% of breast cancer diagnoses in the UK each year, but 10% of the deaths.
The Bill is also supported by Target Ovarian Cancer, Brainstrust, AMMF—the Cholangiocarcinoma Charity, the Urology Foundation, the Tessa Jowell Brain Cancer Mission, Action Kidney Cancer and Sarcoma UK, which I met this week.