The British pharmaceutical development sector is exceptionally strong, and now is a moment of potential.
On genome mapping, artificial intelligence, biotech, immunotherapy and cancer vaccines, the UK is in a position to transform and save lives.
I recognise the limited scope of the Bill, but I believe it to be vital.
This House must take a keen interest in accelerating and incentivising research into rare cancers, including glioblastoma.
This legislation meaningfully advances that goal.
I will speak briefly about young people and children, and specifically a lovely girl called Maddie Cowey.
At the age of 18, Maddie was diagnosed with an alveolar soft part sarcoma.
Sarcoma is an uncommon cancer that can occur anywhere in the body.
All cancers in someone of Maddie’s age are considered rare, but in her case, the classification was ultra-rare.
Partly in consequence, it took five months for her to receive a diagnosis.
Maddie had just started university.
She recalled that at the time it
“felt like my life was falling apart.
In many ways it was and it did.
It was a very lonely place.”
Maddie was diagnosed almost 10 years ago now.
There are no approved treatments for Maddie’s type of rare cancer, and she is undergoing a clinical trial.
It is likely that she will remain on treatment for life.
Maddie is amazing; she is brave and she will not let cancer define her.
I bring up her story because cancer in young people is so uncommon that often it is diagnosed later.
Neither medical professionals nor young people expect it, but the later a diagnosis comes, the more likely the  cancer is to be lethal.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure that the rare cancers afflicting young people are caught earlier?
Finally, I am reminded of something that Emily Dickinson once wrote about hope:
“I’ve heard it in the chillest land, and on the strangest sea”.
We must get this right.
We must give sufferers hope.
We owe that to Pip’s family—his wife Claire and his five children—and to Nicola in the Gallery, and her and Ian’s sons Adam and Oliver, and to so many others who have suffered and who are here with us.
I believe that we can.
Through you, Madam Deputy Speaker, I want to apologise to the young black man on the Northern line tube from Colliers Wood this morning for having to spend his journey looking at me sobbing my heart out.
It must have been a very odd experience.
I wanted to say to him, “I am not just sad; I am angry.”
I am angry at the NHS.
I am angry at the MHRA.
I am angry beyond belief at the National Institute for Health Research.
It should be renamed the national institute for something that does not do very much at great public expense.
All these institutions are bedevilled by the desire to carry on doing what they have always done.
It does not get them sacked.
As the former Home Secretary John Reid—Lord Reid—constantly tells me, “Siobhan, nobody ever got sacked for continuing to do the same thing.
You are only sacked if you do something different.”
My God, has this morning not told us that we need to do something different?
We have the tools to do something different, but the people in positions of power and responsibility choose not to.
We have the best health system in the world for potential drug trials—a uniform system with well-trained doctors, great scientists, great universities and great hospitals—but do we do them?
No.
Do we fail people every single day?
Yes.
Do we threaten those doctors who try to do something different?
Let me tell the House, groundbreaking oncologists are looking over their shoulder, waiting for the regulator to come and get them when one of their colleagues grasses them up.
That is the atmosphere in our intellectual and health service institutions.