In the UK, cancer diagnoses have increased, but although there are some worrying sub-themes, this trend is largely due to increased life expectancy.
However, that is not the case with glioblastoma.
In the past 30 years, rates in the UK have more than doubled.
There has been far more of an uptick than is attributable to us all living longer.
More people are developing this disease, yet we have failed to make meaningful strides on treatment and cures, or even on giving those with glioblastoma a little more time with those dearest to them.
Now is the moment to do something about that.
I welcome the Bill.
I welcome its emphasis on improving research—I have already touched on drug development—and the provisions to facilitate clinical trials, because the grim reality is that for glioblastoma, those trials are hard to conduct.
There are too few patients, and frequently their life expectancy is too limited.
Anything that can be done to connect eligible patients with researchers faster and with less friction is valuable.
I emphasise that there are great opportunities in front of us for accelerating research and making broad advances in the battle against rare cancers.
Along with almost half my parliamentary colleagues, I am proud to have pledged my support for the Lobular Moon Shot project, which advocates a boost of around £20 million over five years for research on the basic biology of invasive lobular breast cancer, with a view to developing new treatments.
Despite being the second most common form of breast cancer, lobular breast cancer is in many ways treated like a rare cancer.
It is under-researched, difficult to diagnose through the standard screening mammogram, and often presents fewer symptoms than invasive ductal carcinoma, which makes up the overwhelming majority of breast cancer incidents.
As the hon.
Lady is explaining very well, invasive lobular breast cancer is not classed as a rare cancer.
I am concerned that it would not come within the scope of this Bill, so I  gently ask if it could be widened at the next stage.
As she says, lobular breast cancer has many characteristics of a rare cancer.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for that intervention.
Yes, lobular breast cancer is treated in many ways like a rare disease.
I recently met my constituent Kate, who was diagnosed with lobular breast cancer in 2023.
She explained to me that because almost all breast cancer research is based on the ductal variant, women like her are diagnosed later and often receive treatment oriented towards a cancer with a different biology from lobular cancer.
Those two factors result in higher recurrence and lower survival rates.
Kate has been in remission for more than a year, and has become an advocate for research.
On her behalf, I ask the Minister whether she has met with the Lobular Moon Shot campaigners.
What steps are the Government taking to increase research into the cancer?
What consideration has she given to updating guidelines for the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence to encourage the use of MRIs to diagnose lobular breast cancer earlier?
The moon shot idea is the right one.
In fighting cancer we should set ambitious goals, and we should innovate until we meet them.
Moreover, as the Apollo project shows, research into seemingly narrow things often has spillover effects, producing vast, unanticipated benefits.
That is often true when it comes to orphan drugs.
To take just one example, Gleevec has changed the game, and not just for one rare form of leukaemia; it is now used to treat a range of other cancers and conditions.
The British pharmaceutical development sector is exceptionally strong, and now is a moment of potential.
On genome mapping, artificial intelligence, biotech, immunotherapy and cancer vaccines, the UK is in a position to transform and save lives.
I recognise the limited scope of the Bill, but I believe it to be vital.