Other countries have introduced similar legislation in this respect.
The provision in clause 1(2) will help to form a more progressive, informed approach and its requirements will enable information, practices and protocols from other jurisdictions to be harvested.
For example, Genetic Alliance UK points out that there are as many as 7,000 rare diseases—possibly more—affecting one in 17 people, with approved treatments available for only one in 20 rare diseases more generally.
Although those are not significant cohorts of people per se in a particular disease category, collectively millions of people are affected in one fashion or another by a rare disease, including rare cancers—and it is no less the case for rare cancers: a disease is a disease, and those affected by it, whether it is rare or not, are entitled to equity of care and intervention.
In this case, such potential interventions cannot simply be left to market arrangements.
That is why it is important to facilitate a more comprehensive approach to the development of orphan medicines, which must be set against the context of, for example, a 2022 survey of 61 orphan medicines that received EU approvals between 2018 and 2021.
Of those, 36 orphan medicines were made available in England, compared with 55 in Germany, 50 in Italy, 48 in France and 31 in Spain.
While those medicines do not specifically relate to cancer, that helps to contextualise the difference in numbers for orphan medicines.
A research programme between 2020 and 2025 at the University of Sheffield, funded by the Wellcome Trust, indicated:
“Furthermore, only a third of EU authorised orphan drugs are recommended by NICE… Thus, the medical needs of UK rare disease patients are potentially underserved compared to both the USA and EU.”
Indeed, the programme is called the Orphanisation project.
Clearly, as the university puts it, there is a
“major international debate…currently ongoing about how we might improve patients’ access to orphan drugs, raising important questions about how to value these medicines, and the ethics of resource allocation”.
The project sets out a path for being creative in progressing the relatively new concept of orphanisation,
“as a way of understanding contemporary changes in the biopharmaceutical sector.
Specifically, the project examines the extent to which orphanisation occurring in the EU, UK, and USA”,
and seeks to understand how it is informed by
“different technologies, institutions, and actors, addressing the implications for industry, health policy and patients”.
I look forward to the progress that it will make.
I believe that the proposals in the Bill will help.
They follow through systemically and consistently to change that scenario for the better.
International explorations and comparisons are one method to inform decision makers about how they can be more proactive in facilitating access to medicines for those most in need of them, especially when the size and extent of the available medicinal range is limited.
That is often the case with the rare cancers we are talking about, and rare diseases more generally.
Once again, I thank my hon.
Friend the Member for Edinburgh South West for enabling the House to debate this issue and for the opportunity to tease out many of the issues affecting our constituents and, as I referred to earlier, to discuss crucial lifesaving and life-enhancing treatments for diseases more generally.
I again pay tribute to all those colleagues who have brought their stories and their experiences to us today, including my hon.
Friends the Members for Calder Valley and for Mitcham and Morden, the hon.
Members for Wokingham and for Witney (Charlie Maynard) and others.
They deserve our admiration and thanks, but more importantly, they need our support to get the job done.
That point has been made by so many.
Such expositions, however painful for the Members concerned, bring home the real need for this House to act on this issue, which is literally a matter of life and death.