I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Edinburgh South West (Dr Arthur)  for introducing the Bill and for the courtesy he has always shown me, which must have been difficult at times as I sat shouting at him in Portcullis House about how everything was useless and hopeless.
In my calmer moments, I understand that progress begins with small steps.
I am frustrated that those steps are too small.
I am delighted that there will be one database for trials, but if there are no trials, the database does not get us very far.
We will have a report on the orphan drug Act in 18 months’ time.
In that period, over 3,500 people will have been diagnosed with a glioblastoma, and many of them will have died.
Why is it going to take us 18 months?
Why can’t we change things now?
Why, in spite of the huge support we have had for the Bill from the Secretary of State for Health, could we not get something much more fierce in it?
It is not a criticism; it is an observation.
I know progress begins slowly, and I am grateful for my hon.
Friend the Member for Edinburgh South West taking up the Bill and for having the calm demeanour that I lack, because I do not think the Whips would have accepted anything that I would have come up with as a private Member’s Bill.
We need a revolutionary attitude.
We either see and harness progress, or we come back next year, the year after and the year after that to ask why there has been no progress.
All of us, individually and communally, need to dedicate ourselves to that progress and to keep asking the questions, being angry and simply refusing to accept that nothing can be done.
I thank the hon.
Members for Edinburgh South West (Dr Arthur), for Mitcham and Morden (Dame Siobhain McDonagh) and for Birmingham Erdington (Paulette Hamilton), because I have enjoyed working with them on the Bill.
We all have our own stories.
I should state my personal interest.
My sister Georgie is sitting in the Gallery.
She was diagnosed with a GBM—glioblastoma multiforme—nearly two years ago.
I would like to say that she is alive and well, but let me just say that she is alive and she is doing well.
She has been brave, determined and an inspiration to us all.
It is particularly painful as she is a mother of three, a wife, a daughter and a sister.
We have a lot to focus on, and it is on us collectively.
I will not rehash too much, and I will try to resist having a cry-fest, but it might be difficult.
Our actions, and what we do as a team, are what we will be judged on.
I am going to throw it over to the Labour side a little, because they are in government now and they have more power than we do in opposition.
When we leave the Chamber today, I ask each Government MP to ask, “Okay, what are we actually going to do?”
The talk in this Chamber is nice, but it is the actions that count.
I will pick up on two points.
The first is the trial register.
We have first-hand experience with Georgie of trying to find what trials are out there.
Obviously, there are not enough trials; we know that, and that is something we need to fix.
Also, matching patients with trials is not rocket science—that is a basic thing.
I would also encourage the Government, rather than just starting from scratch and taking months to reinvent the wheel, to find out what is going on in the private sector and what trials and registers of people seeking trials are already out there, and to build on that.
If there is a partnership with some company, that is fine, but let us move quickly, because speed really counts.