My constituent’s research looked at the potential use of small molecules to create a more effective and non-invasive treatment for osteosarcoma.
The Bill’s support for information sharing in the research registry system will help researchers like my constituent.
It will help with research and clinical trials by giving researchers greater access to the patient population with rare cancers like osteosarcoma.
A patient survey in 2024 found that 82% of those with a rare or less common cancer were not offered a clinical trial.
That is why the Bill is important.
The Bill will help to foster an environment in which there can be more research and clinical trials on rare cancers such as osteosarcoma.
For patients like my constituent suffering from t-cell large granular lymphocytic leukaemia, for those diagnosed with the least-understood cancers, and for the researchers trying to find new treatments, the Bill represents a commitment to the fight against rare cancers.
I therefore urge the House to support my hon.
Friend the Member for Edinburgh South West and the Bill today.
Those of us who have lost a friend or a family member to cancer will no doubt have heard them described—often, I think, somewhat unhelpfully—as courageous, but this morning we witnessed the most courageous exposition I have ever heard in my life from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Calder Valley (Josh Fenton-Glynn) .
I thank him for the privilege of allowing us to listen to his loving tribute to his brother.
We also heard from a number of Members, including the hon.
Members for Kingswinford and South Staffordshire (Mike Wood), and for Witney (Charlie Maynard), and, most forcefully, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mitcham and Morden (Dame Siobhain  McDonagh) , about the pressure of time, and the urgent need to do something to find a cure or treatment for rare cancers.
We have heard a number of moving speeches this morning, but I will allow hon.
Members to relax and recharge their emotional batteries a little bit, because I will address the issue of time, and the practical considerations of how we can turn drug discovery into treatment as speedily as possible.
To do that, I will lift the lid on our drug supply chain and set out the vital role that the NHS can play in it.
There are lessons we can learn from the covid pandemic when it comes to the drug supply chain.
We very quickly developed a vaccine in the UK, in Oxford, but we saw quite quickly that the vaccine was worth nothing until it was in the arms of the population.
Getting that done required a big effort, including in industry.
As we heard from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Gravesham (Dr Sullivan) , industry is also important.
The Fujifilm factory in Billingham in my constituency manufactured one of the covid vaccines, and it will shortly turn Billingham into the largest biopharmaceutical manufacturing centre in the UK.
When it was making the vaccine, it found that it had a big problem.
This brings into play another town, just up the River Tees from Billingham, in the constituency of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bishop Auckland (Sam Rushworth) .
Members may have heard of it—it became famous for a particular reason during the pandemic—but they may not be sighted on the reason why I will talk about it, which has more to do with glass than glasses.
Barnard Castle is home to GlaxoSmithKline, which bottled the vaccines.
There was, at the time, a global shortage of bottles for vaccines, and in the UK we have only one glass manufacturer capable of doing that job, although soon there will be another in St Helens.
Hopefully, after that little overview, Members can sense that there is a big industrial supply chain issue that we need to address before we can get treatments to the people who need them most.