The Second Deputy Chairman of Ways and Means took the Chair as Deputy Speaker ( Standing Order No.
3 ).
I beg to move, That the House sit in private.
Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No.
163 ) and negatived.
Second Reading
I beg to move, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
We all know someone who has suffered from a rare cancer—a brain tumour, childhood cancer, pancreatic cancer, liver cancer, or one of the other cancers on a long list that are unfortunately all too familiar.
Each of them may statistically be considered rare, but collectively they are anything but rare.
Blood Cancer UK states that rare and less common cancers account for 47% of all UK cancer diagnoses—a staggering 180,000 a year.
The irony of the Bill’s title is that so-called rare cancers are not rare.
Common cancers deserve attention, but so too do rare cancers.
I want to share an example of a family in my constituency who were confronted with a rare cancer.
Tilly’s first symptoms were leg pains and loss of appetite.
This was in September 2021, when face-to-face GP consultations were not possible.
On visiting A&E, she was given ibuprofen.
It was thought that she might have a virus.
Six weeks later, she returned to A&E and was transferred to the cancer ward, where she was diagnosed with stage 4 neuroblastoma.
On diagnosis, she was given a 50% chance of survival.
Despite undergoing over a dozen rounds of chemotherapy and an operation, she sadly passed away about a year after her first symptoms appeared.
Tilly was just four years old.
Her father Jonathan, a headteacher in my constituency, is in the Gallery.
He reached out to me after reading about the Bill.
He explained his frustration that the development of new treatments for neuroblastoma has been moving at a glacial pace for too long.
The same is true for many other rare cancers.
This slow pace of change is not respected by these cancers, and it meant that Tilly missed her seventh birthday yesterday.
I thank Jonathan for sharing Tilly’s story, and wish him all the best as he moves to Northern Ireland with Tilly’s mum and big sister Emily to start a new job.
I thank Livingston’s Team Jak for their ongoing support for Tilly’s family and many others.
Neither Jonathan nor I want to suggest that the Bill would have saved Tilly, but we hope that it will improve survival rates for  others, and take them beyond the 50% rate given to Tilly.
That is why Jonathan is here today, and why I am here today.
Nobody told me that the most amazing thing about being an MP would be the people we meet almost daily, who want to make their community, our country or even the world a better place.
That is particularly true of the people I have been humbled to meet on my journey to speaking about the Bill today, including cancer patients, survivors, the bereaved and campaigners, all of whom want just one thing: justice.
Although the healthcare system in the UK is founded on the notion of equality, fairness and justice, they believe that rare cancer patients are being overlooked.
Their demand for justice covers three points.
The first is that beating a rare cancer should not be less likely than beating other cancers.
I have said that 47% of all UK cancer diagnoses each year are of rare and less common types.
These patients already have the cards stacked against them, as they are 17% less likely to survive—an injustice caused by the relative lack of research and development in this field over many years.
Secondly, having a rare cancer should not mean being less likely to benefit from a medical breakthrough.