Steph has since had brain surgery, radiotherapy and chemotherapy.
My hon.
Friend knows that early diagnosis and treatment is vital.
Can he assure Steph and her family, and me, that the Bill will help to raise awareness across the medical profession of rare brain cancers?
Absolutely.
Last week, I attended a reception for the Eve Appeal.
I was really struck by the fact that early diagnosis was a big feature of what the charity was talking about, and I will come on to that in just a second.
As a consequence of the lack of recognition of the symptoms of rare cancers, too many people are diagnosed too late.
Last week, at an event hosted by the Brain Tumour Charity, I met Gabrielle and her wife and children.
Gabrielle told me how the neurologist to whom she was initially referred did not recognise her brain tumour symptoms, and told her instead to go home, breathe into a paper bag and get some counselling.
If only curing brain tumours was so easy.
Reflecting on the comment made by my hon.
Friend  the Member for South Shields (Mrs Lewell-Buck) , an observation that I have made on this journey is that so many of the people who have talked about late diagnosis have been women.
That is purely anecdotal, but it seems to be the case.
When I was at the Eve Appeal reception, the point was made that so many women are turned away; the GP tells them that they are hormonal, premenstrual or premenopausal.
My hon.
Friend is making an incredibly important point, with which many across the Chamber will agree.
The statistics are particularly stark for women from black, Asian and minority ethnic backgrounds; they are even more likely to be dismissed.
I thank my hon.
Friend and office neighbour for making that point, which was also made by Eve Appeal.
I cannot remember the statistics, but there is a stark difference.
I talked about this issue when I met the Minister yesterday and she gently pointed out to me that it is not just in healthcare where women are dismissed as hormonal, premenstrual and so on.
I thanked her for reminding me of that in the gentlest possible way.
It is a cruel irony that rare cancers such as Gabrielle’s tumour are typically less survivable, making early diagnosis even more important.
Rare cancer patients require early, not later, diagnosis.
I have spoken about poor outcomes, lack of progress in developing treatments and late diagnosis.
My Bill focuses on the first two points, but I want to acknowledge the need to improve diagnosis, because of comments that have already been made.
I am sure that will feature in the cancer plan.
I am the first to admit that, when I was successful in the private Member’s Bill ballot, I found it daunting as a new MP.
I thought I had some really good ideas for a Bill, but as soon as my ping-pong ball was picked from the goldfish bowl, I was inundated with calls from constituents, charities and lobbyists, each telling me that their cause was better than any I could think of.
I considered many worthwhile causes over the following days, but while having a coffee in Colinton Mains Tesco in Edinburgh South West, I received emails from members of the public who support the campaign of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mitcham and Morden (Dame Siobhain McDonagh) .
Just last week I met Oriana, one of the people who emailed me.
It was incredibly moving to meet her; it took me right back to the start of this journey.
I posted on my Facebook page about meeting her, and straight away somebody said that they knew her and that she had helped them when their family had been faced with glioblastoma.
That is a reminder that so many people affected by these conditions turn their loss into something really positive and help other people.