Member for Edinburgh South West (Dr Arthur) , both on his good fortune in being drawn in the private Member’s Bill ballot and on his wisdom in picking this very important issue to take forward.
Having been similarly lucky in being drawn in that ballot a few weeks after I was first elected, nearly a decade ago, I know the barrage of calls and emails that suddenly come your way—the very sudden and slightly fleeting popularity that comes from coming towards the top of the private Member’s Bill ballot—and the very many, very worthy causes and campaigns that come your way for you to choose between.
The hon.
Gentleman could not have picked a better cause than the one represented by this Bill, and if he is never again quite as popular as he was in the few hours after the publication of the ballot results, I know that he would willingly exchange all of that popularity in an instant for the difference that this legislation can make to so many lives across the country, if and when it is passed and implemented—as we hope it will be.
I stand today not just as a Member of this House but as a friend who is deeply moved by the pain of seeing someone I care about—someone who has become like family—struggle against an insidious disease.
This Bill is not just another piece of legislation; it is a cry for help.
It is a plea for those who are fighting for their lives—a lifeline for families who are watching their loved ones slip away, bit by bit and day after day.
Too often, those diagnosed with rare cancers are left stranded in a system that does not have the answers they need.
We know the wonders that pharmaceutical companies can do in drug development, but the horrible truth is that few people are able or willing to invest the enormous amount of money needed to take forward drug development—knowing that about one in 25,000 drug candidates make it to market—for conditions that will require that drug 1,000 or 2,000 times a year, at most.
Does the hon.
Gentleman agree that there is a whole range of new modern immunotherapy drugs that could be used on these cancers?
They already exist, they are used to treat other people, but they are simply not tried.
The cost of those trials is not overwhelming and we can do them, and the NHS repurposing project should be doing them.
The hon.
Lady is obviously right, and I know that she approaches this subject with, tragically, a huge amount of personal experience.
We have already seen drugs—in some cases, long-marketed drugs—being applied for new purposes and new conditions.
Without those costly clinical trials, they will not be licensed or approved for prescription, and that is why the Bill is so important.
Clinical trials are sadly a distant hope for far too many currently, and many patients are left with the crushing, gut-wrenching words, “There is nothing more we can do.”
Those words can be a death sentence, but they do not have to be—not if we act.
Many Members and House staff will know my senior parliamentary assistant and dear friend Dan Horrocks.
He is best known as the owner of Bella, his therapy shih tzu who he had while he was being treated for his third brain tumour and who is often seen roaming around the Palace and 1 Parliament Street.
Dan has worked for me since I was first elected in 2015, but he is not just my senior parliamentary assistant; he has become like family.
He is a father, a husband and a four-time cancer survivor.
For 14 years, he has fought this monster, each time feeling the ground slip more from under him as his options narrow, leaving him and his family with ever-reducing hope.
We have seen him face unimaginable pain.