Also, matching patients with trials is not rocket science—that is a basic thing.
I would also encourage the Government, rather than just starting from scratch and taking months to reinvent the wheel, to find out what is going on in the private sector and what trials and registers of people seeking trials are already out there, and to build on that.
If there is a partnership with some company, that is fine, but let us move quickly, because speed really counts.
The second point is about orphan drug regulations.
A key trigger for me getting into politics was Brexit.
I thought it was a disastrous idea, and I still do.
I struggle to find any possible gains from Brexit, but there is one thing that we could do.
The EU has regulations on orphan drugs; ours could be more generous.
We could pull research into the UK by giving patents for a few extra years, which would encourage people to dig into the research in these critical areas.
I live in hope of that one potential gain.
Even if products are obtained, reimbursement has to be accessible on the NHS, which is far from certain.
Ensuring that there is a robust, timely and accessible route to making these drugs available on the NHS for patients really counts.
It is critical that that does not fall off the radar.
Also, we are really falling behind in the number of clinical researchers active in the UK today.
If we want to get this research moving, we must think about what we are doing to get clinical researchers working hard in this space and in others, because we are not doing a good enough job on that.
That is all I will say.
Let me just return to my first point: we need action.
It is good to have those in the Gallery here today.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Edinburgh South West (Dr Arthur)  for bringing the Bill to the House, and join  him in paying tribute to our hon.
Friend  the Member for Mitcham and Morden (Dame Siobhain McDonagh)  for her campaigning, and for her powerful speech calling for a revolution in attitudes.
I also thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Calder Valley (Josh Fenton-Glynn)  for his very moving speech.
As somebody who lost a brother much too young, I was deeply moved by his words.
I have come here today to speak on behalf of my constituent, Katie Swinburne.
She is a much-loved school teacher—in fact, she was the school teacher of one of my staff—and a mother of three who was diagnosed with invasive lobular breast cancer.
As was mentioned a moment ago, lobular breast cancer is not classed as a rare cancer—in fact, it is the second most common type of breast cancer in the world, with 8,500 diagnoses annually in the UK alone—but it shares many characteristics of rare cancers in the sense that it is very difficult to detect.
In Katie’s case, as in many others, it did not initially form as a lump in the breast, for example.
It has distinct genetics, so is not detectable in genetic tests, and it is very easily missed in mammograms and ultrasounds.
As a consequence, many of the women who get this form of cancer will not be diagnosed until long after it has already spread.
I am also told—thankfully, Katie is watching today; I received a WhatsApp message from her a moment before speaking—that a key point that I should make to the Minister is that, because lobular breast cancer presents differently from other forms of breast cancer and is not separated out in clinical trials, there is very little trial data on it.
I met recently on Zoom with Katie and others who have been campaigning for the moonshot.