I also had to say that I would need chemotherapy and radiotherapy, and that that was going to take nine months out of our lives—not just mine, but the lives of my immediate family, my wider family and our friends.
I consider myself very lucky that my treatment pathway was relatively clear, but that is not the case for many rare cancers.
The reach of cancer is an evil that is growing across our society with nearly one in two of us projected to get cancer in our lifetime, meaning we all know someone close to us, whether family or friend, who will begin what can be a very traumatic journey.
It is a fight that causes your life to be taken completely out of your hands, and that leaves families forced to hear rarely used terms like “malignant” or “metastasised” as if they were common expressions, clouding the horror of medical jargon.
It is with these words that I am proud to associate myself with  the hon.
Member for Edinburgh South West (Dr Arthur) , and I congratulate him on his campaign that demands better for cancer patients and especially on bringing forward the Rare Cancers Bill, because it is a powerful and necessary step forward to end the experience that I described at the beginning of my speech.
Rare cancers are often under-researched and the regulatory environment simply fails to cope with them.
They have smaller patient populations which makes research and investment less appealing and an evidence base harder to achieve.
Where clinical trials are taking place, patients often do not know very much about them.
A Cancer52 survey of rare cancer patients found that 65% cited not knowing about trials as the main barrier to accessing the trial in the first place.
The Bill seeks to rectify those flaws in our system, and I would like to highlight the powers it contains to ensure that patients can get better access and find relevant clinical trials.
As was highlighted in the Teenage Cancer Trust’s “Improving Young People’s Access to Cancer Clinical Trials” report, it is also difficult for the clinical trial leads themselves to find the necessary patients, meaning that they struggle to recruit.
Both patients and researchers want to be in those clinical trials, but the system does not allow for that common-sense joining up.
I hope that as a result of the changes made by the Bill, people in my constituency of Wokingham and across England will begin to see a shift towards prioritising rare cancers, because such a shift is long overdue.
Last week, I met a constituent to discuss his wife’s cancer.
She had leiomyosarcoma, which has an incidence rate of six cases per 1 million people annually in the UK.
He explained to me that one of the potential treatment options for his wife is exploiting faults in the BRCA2 genes through PARP inhibitors.
However, with an estimated 30 new cases of leiomyosarcoma every year and only  three with the BRCA2 mutation, there are too few patients to allow for a sufficient clinical trial, and therefore NICE does not license those drugs for that particular cancer.
What are the Minister’s views on efforts within the European Union’s life science industry to develop clear guidance to make cross-border clinical trials easier?
If that were to happen, it would address one of the major problems with rarer cancers such as leiomyosarcoma.
Individual nations may not have a sufficient pool of patients to conduct a clinical trial, but multiple nations working together could.
Does the Minister see cross-nation trials as having great potential for developments in oncology?
If the EU were to advance easier cross-border co-operation, would that be something that the United Kingdom could potentially negotiate its way into?
This is no time for a Government to be isolationist.
My constituent also highlighted that PARP inhibitors are available in the United States.