They include Pancreatic Cancer UK, which has been absolutely fantastic in its support for what we are doing; Cancer52, an organisation that represents more than 100 groups; the Angel Mums; the Grace Kelly Childhood Cancer Trust; and the Inflammatory Breast Cancer Network UK.
Inflammatory breast cancer accounts for 2% of breast cancer diagnoses in the UK each year, but 10% of the deaths.
The Bill is also supported by Target Ovarian Cancer, Brainstrust, AMMF—the Cholangiocarcinoma Charity, the Urology Foundation, the Tessa Jowell Brain Cancer Mission, Action Kidney Cancer and Sarcoma UK, which I met this week.
I have a friend with that cancer, and it is a fantastic organisation that I hope to work more with in the future.
It is supported by Maggie’s, Shine Cancer Support, Solving Kids’ Cancer, the British Liver Trust, Blood Cancer UK, Radiotherapy UK, Leukaemia UK, CCLG—the Children and Young People’s Cancer Association, CLL Support, Neuroblastoma UK, Salivary Gland Cancer UK, Neuroendocrine Cancer UK, Melanoma Focus, Myeloma UK, Hope For Tomorrow, Alike, Yorkshire Cancer Research, Young Lives vs Cancer, the Tessa Jowell Foundation, the UK Mastocytosis Support Group, the Bone Cancer Research Trust, the Neurosciences Foundation and the Eve Appeal.
The Eve Appeal had a fantastic reception last week, and when I went along to it, having its support felt like a real tipping point in the progress we are making in building support for the Bill.
It was great to see the Minister as well, and I have to say—this is not a trivial point—that the cake there was absolutely fantastic.
I do not doubt that when I get back to my office and check my emails, more organisations will have got in touch to say that they want to support what we are doing today.
I know that many Members in the Chamber today will have deeply personal stories to tell, on their own behalf and on behalf of their constituents.
I look forward to hearing those testimonies as we debate this Bill, because it is so important to give those people a voice.
I will conclude by saying that the Bill we are debating   today has a real chance of making a difference.
For too long, rare cancer patients have been left on the sidelines without significant advancement—this cannot go on.
Tilly and Ivor deserved a better chance of beating the cancer inside them, and those who are yet to be diagnosed deserve a better chance of a full life.
Let us pass this Bill today and work across the UK to take the fight to rare cancers and save lives.
I commend this Bill to the House.
rose—
Before I call the first speaker, I am aware that this is a very personal debate for some Members, so please feel free to leave the Chamber if you need to.
Let’s look after each other today.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Edinburgh South West (Dr Arthur) , both on his good fortune in being drawn in the private Member’s Bill ballot and on his wisdom in picking this very important issue to take forward.
Having been similarly lucky in being drawn in that ballot a few weeks after I was first elected, nearly a decade ago, I know the barrage of calls and emails that suddenly come your way—the very sudden and slightly fleeting popularity that comes from coming towards the top of the private Member’s Bill ballot—and the very many, very worthy causes and campaigns that come your way for you to choose between.
The hon.