As a consequence, many of the women who get this form of cancer will not be diagnosed until long after it has already spread.
I am also told—thankfully, Katie is watching today; I received a WhatsApp message from her a moment before speaking—that a key point that I should make to the Minister is that, because lobular breast cancer presents differently from other forms of breast cancer and is not separated out in clinical trials, there is very little trial data on it.
I met recently on Zoom with Katie and others who have been campaigning for the moonshot.
This is not a lot of money; it is simply £20 million of funding that the University of Manchester could use to better understand the biological architecture of this type of cancer.
That would lead to the possibility of developing the right treatments, because it currently has no specific treatment.
This is a gentle request, really, that in the next stage of the Bill lobular breast cancer be considered alongside the rare cancers for which it already provides.
I finish by paying tribute to Katie and all the many brave individuals I have met.
I cannot imagine what it is like to be young and have parenting responsibilities and be diagnosed with an advanced stage of cancer.
Many of those campaigning know that they might not live to see the day when the better drugs and treatments are available, but they are bravely taking up this cause on behalf of those who come after them.
Katie was bravely doing a mile a day sponsored walks.
My predecessor in this place joined her on one of those miles, and although we disagree about many things politically, we have already seen today that this is a cause that unites, because there is little—in fact, there is nothing—more precious in life for any of us than time spent with the people we love.
Money cannot buy that—nothing can buy that—and, as my hon.
Friend the Member for Mitcham and Morden made clear, the decisions we make in this place can have a real impact in the lives of others.
I have to say, Madam Deputy Speaker, that as I was waiting to speak, I was very pleased that you did not call me after  the hon.
Member for Calder Valley (Josh Fenton-Glynn)  because  I do not think I would have been able to get through parts of my speech so shortly after listening to his story; he did really well.
I was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2008, which is relatively unusual for a man, and the hardest thing I ever had to do was tell my two daughters, who were 13 and 14 at the time, about my diagnosis.
It was an experience that left me wondering if our family of four was about to become a family of three.
I had to explain to all of them that I would have an operation to remove a tumour and I might need another one.
As things turned out, my cancer had spread and I did need to have another operation.
I also had to say that I would need chemotherapy and radiotherapy, and that that was going to take nine months out of our lives—not just mine, but the lives of my immediate family, my wider family and our friends.
I consider myself very lucky that my treatment pathway was relatively clear, but that is not the case for many rare cancers.
The reach of cancer is an evil that is growing across our society with nearly one in two of us projected to get cancer in our lifetime, meaning we all know someone close to us, whether family or friend, who will begin what can be a very traumatic journey.