Despite that awful prognosis, as for other rare cancers, the drugs to treat glioblastoma have not changed in decades.
That is why I knew in my heart that I needed to introduce a Bill that would help equip those working hard to fight against glioblastoma, and all rare cancers, with the tools they need to further their efforts and, ultimately, save lives.
Over the past 15 years, thanks to the dedicated work of charities, survivors and researchers, we have seen a 10% rise in survival rates for those diagnosed with cancer.
Globally, new treatments are being developed and rolled out to patients, improving outcomes and saving lives in our NHS every single day.
However, rare cancer patients are being left behind, and I need to explain why.
It is not due to a lack of effort by charities or those affected by the disease.
In fact, in the Gallery today are members of some incredible charities who are fighting against rare cancers in what is often an uphill battle.
I thank them for their hard work in helping me to develop the Bill—they really have helped me—which aims to address the injustices faced by rare cancer patients and their families.
For all the people I have met from the charities, their work is much more than a job for them; it is about making a difference to people’s lives, improving survivability and supporting families.
The reason for the uphill battle is that research into rare cancer is much less appealing to pharmaceutical companies when compared with more common conditions.
With smaller patient populations, there is an increased logistical challenge in bringing patients together.
Currently, we are lacking a sufficient development strategy and there is no single source of patient data, meaning companies must undertake the costly endeavour of finding patients and verifying eligibility.
Even if they succeed in running a clinical trial and a drug proves to be an effective treatment, companies face the challenge of selling a drug developed at great expense to a small market.
Ultimately, these companies exist to return a profit for their shareholders.
Given a choice between investment in potential treatment for a rare cancer or a more a common one, too often rare cancer patients lose out.
Having set out the challenges faced by those diagnosed with rare cancers, let me now address what the Bill aims to accomplish.
I will list four key measures and explain their impact: appointing a named responsible lead for the delivery of rare cancer research; creating a single registry of rare cancer trials; creating a single registry of rare cancer patients available for trials; and defining an evidence base for repurposing new cancer treatments.
Let me explain in turn why these are important.
First, the Bill would place a duty on the Secretary of State to facilitate and promote research related to rare cancer patients.
The appointment of a national specialty lead for rare cancers in the National Institute of Health and Care Research would provide the Secretary of State with advice on the design and planning of research to facilitate collaboration between relevant parties.
That will ensure co-ordination and accountability for the delivery of new cancer research in the UK.
Secondly, the Bill would increase access to clinical trials via a service tailored to rare cancer patients.
Through the Secretary of State’s new duties, that would be accomplished as part of the existing “Be Part of Research” registry, ensuring that all trials are registered in a single place.
Thirdly, charities and clinicians tell me that more trials would be attracted to the UK if we had easier access to patient cohorts.
Establishing a single database of willing patients would remove a significant burden on researchers in finding and verifying eligible people for clinical trials.
I congratulate the hon.
Gentleman on introducing a Bill on this important subject.
He mentions research.
Can he explain why the extent of clauses 2 and 3 is limited to England and Wales?