It will help, but the tumour will come back.
They have to be able to withstand that drug themselves.
Margaret could not do that.
By March, five months on from her diagnosis, she could not take it; her kidneys collapsed.
What happens then?
We had money and good friends.
At this point, I would like publicly to thank Lord Waheed Alli for the kindness and friendship he showed us through Margaret’s journey.
The treatment that he has experienced from the press is absolutely appalling.
He helped us on our way.
But what about somebody with no money who cannot fundraise?
Their life ends at the chemotherapy.
There is nothing on the NHS, but those lucky enough to have the money can find a way.
I am really grateful that the brother-in-law of  the hon.
Member for Esher and Walton (Monica Harding)  is on the oncotherapy machine.
My sister fundraised for that machine, because we had to go to Dusseldorf to have it, so we brought it here.
It is great that he is receiving much benefit from it.
I know that many other people are, too.
Why is the NHS, which is so risk-averse that it will not allow slightly alternative therapies for cancer, happy for people who are really ill to get on a plane and go to a different country?
Is it because it does not see what happens in another country, so that is okay?
I have told   the stories of holding my sister’s head as she was sick in a bucket in terminal 5 at Heathrow airport, of carrying her on to a plane in the hope that the air stewardess would not see how she was, of lying next to her overnight hoping that she would be alive in the morning, because what was I going to do in a hotel in Germany, where I could not speak that language?
That is my experience, but I am only one of thousands and thousands of people who do this every year, including children, because our system will not allow the use of novel treatments.
Why?
Why can’t we change things?
Why don’t we get up every single day and want to cure something?
I do not know about other hon.
Members, but since I joined the Labour party, and since I became an MP in 1997, I have got up every day and hoped that we could make things better in some way.
I do not understand why our systems do not want to do the same thing.
I want to understand, but it is beyond me.
If there are drugs that could cure or give longer life to people with glioblastoma, why don’t we trial them?
That is not beyond our ability.
We have the money to do it.
If we do not have the money, we will raise it.
We just need the opportunity.
I do not know why we do not have that wish to achieve.
I was given some hope yesterday by the proposed abolition of NHS England, because something needs to change.
I do not know whether that is the right or wrong thing to do, but we need to liberate people to do things.
Let us face it: in the end, only people who are well motivated and willing to take a risk can change things.
Beyond that, people will continue to die, will continue having to go to other countries, will continue having to spend large amounts of money.
People not lucky enough to be in that position will just die prematurely.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Edinburgh South West (Dr Arthur)  for introducing the Bill and for the courtesy he has always shown me, which must have been difficult at times as I sat shouting at him in Portcullis House about how everything was useless and hopeless.
In my calmer moments, I understand that progress begins with small steps.