Cancer does not care about politics.
It does not care what background we come from, our age or gender or what party we belong to.
It strikes indiscriminately.
It takes what it wants, and it leaves devastation in its wake.
That is why we must respond with urgency, with compassion and, most importantly, with action.
I strongly support this Bill and I urge all hon.
Members here today to stand with us, to stand with the families clinging to the hope that there is something more we can do and to stand with those, like Dan, who are fighting for more time, for more moments, for more chances to hold their loved ones close.
The cost of inaction is measured not just in money, but in precious lives lost.
Let us pass this Bill.
Let us give people like Dan and his family the hope they so desperately need.
Let us give them a future—a future that is still within reach.
I rise to speak about a Bill that will increase research funding focused on more effective treatments for rarer forms of cancer.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Edinburgh South West (Dr Arthur)  for introducing the Bill.
Like many in this House, I rise today because I have lost a family member to a rare cancer, and I also rise as a member of the Health and Social Care Committee.
In the last Parliament, the Committee conducted a Future Cancer inquiry, which recommended that
“the UK should be leading on driving up international action to tackle the poor outcomes for the least survivable and least common cancers. “
This Bill will do that—but, as I say, my reason for speaking in this debate is much more personal.
On  20 January  this year, my brother Alex English passed away from high-grade acinic cell carcinoma, a form of salivary gland cancer.
I tell his story to highlight what we can win, because this Bill can give families the gift of more time with the special people they love.
Increasingly, more common cancers are treatable or are illnesses that people can live with, but on rare cancers we still have a way to go, and without focus we will not get any further.
There are more than 700 diagnoses of various forms of salivary gland cancer each year, but my search for related terms in Hansard finds only two mentions in this Chamber in the past 30 years—my hon.
Friend has just made the third.
One of those mentions was from me, following my brother’s death.
That is why we need more focus.
In evidence to that Select Committee inquiry, Cancer52 noted that, while they represent 47% of diagnoses of less common cancers, rare cancers account for 55% of deaths.
Members across this House have our own cancer journeys—ourselves, our friends or our loved ones—and I want to talk about my brother’s journey.
Not all cancer journeys have the outcome that we want, and even with this Bill we will still lose some people, but more investment into research for rare cancers can give us something crucial: time.
I would do anything for more time with my brother.
If you will indulge me, Madam Deputy Speaker, I would like to talk for a minute about the person who Alex was.
The most important thing about Alex was not how he died; it was how he lived and the mark he left on the world.
He fit a lot into 53 years.
A lot of us think that our elder siblings are rock stars, but in my brother’s case that was literally true.
The band he joined at university, called Pure, toured with bands like Soundgarden and reached the top 10 in Japan.
I have always been tremendously proud to call him my brother.