If the EU were to advance easier cross-border co-operation, would that be something that the United Kingdom could potentially negotiate its way into?
This is no time for a Government to be isolationist.
My constituent also highlighted that PARP inhibitors are available in the United States.
What efforts is the Minister making to ask that if drugs are approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration, NICE has the opportunity to take the US evidence into account when considering whether to approve licences for drugs in the UK?
Sarcomas are just one tumour type that has poor survival outcomes and limited treatment options.
Despite the investment by charities such as Sarcoma UK to fund research into new treatments, we do not know enough about the disease, because so few people are affected.
Other constituents have written in to share their experience of losing loved ones to brain tumours such as glioblastomas and to blood cancers.
All have expressed hope that this Bill will create a world in which we can better encourage pharmaceutical companies to run trials on rarer cancers in order to create innovative new treatments, so that the pain they went through will not be a fate that others must endure in future.
Before I conclude, it would be a missed opportunity if I did not ask the Minister about the national cancer strategy, which will be so important in ensuring that a long-term plan is in place to deliver better services for patients with rare and less common cancers.
The NHS needs to be prepared for the innovations of the future by preparing for an increase in demand for companion diagnostics.
The turnaround times for existing tests are already causing delays in optimal treatments.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that there is enough capacity for the ever-increasing demand for diagnostic tests?
The national cancer strategy needs to be thoroughly scrutinised before its final draft is published, to ensure that the measures demanded by cancer charities and patient groups, and ideas from by the life sciences sector, are properly covered.
NHS performance must be measured regularly over the lifetime of the strategy to see if improvements are actually being made.
Will the Minister explain what accountability mechanisms are being considered for the national cancer strategy?
I thank the hon.
Member for Edinburgh South West once again for bringing the Bill to the House.
I rise to support my hon.
Friend  the Member for Edinburgh South West (Dr Arthur) .
I know he has put a huge amount of effort into bringing  the Bill before the House, in collaboration with many others, including patients, families, professionals and charities.
I send my condolences to him, his wife and family on the death of his father-in-law, and to Tilly’s family.
To lose a child is unbearable and against the natural order of things.
The Bill is much needed and I welcome the opportunity to make some observations about it.
Before I do so, I refer to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Calder Valley (Josh Fenton-Glynn)  and his brother.
I live in the area of Lunt that he referred to, where there is going to be a remarkable legacy for his brother: the area has been rewilded and there will be a forest there in due course, which is absolutely fantastic.
I invite him and his family to come down—I will show them around and they can see the legacy that his brother has left us.
I also want to refer to comments made by the chief executive officer of the Brain Tumour Charity, Dr Michele Afif, about the context of the Bill and why it is before the House.
In an online article last month, she wrote:
“During my clinical career I was frequently moved by the courage and determination of my patients and their families.”
It behoves all of us to support the endeavours of my hon.