Do we threaten those doctors who try to do something different?
Let me tell the House, groundbreaking oncologists are looking over their shoulder, waiting for the regulator to come and get them when one of their colleagues grasses them up.
That is the atmosphere in our intellectual and health service institutions.
I could feel sorry for myself and for my loss, but I do not want that; I want things to change.
All of us, from all parties, need to run fast and break things, and provide a challenge to the people running our systems.
We have a drug repurposing project in the most universal health system in the world, so why are we not repurposing drugs for people with rare cancers?
Why is that not being done for glioblastoma?
Why is it that in May, we will open a drug trial at University College London and University College London Hospitals trust in Margaret’s memory to trial one such drug that has been in the system for years?
We organised a dinner with former Prime Minister Tony Blair; some ran marathons; and others sold cakes and scones in beautiful Cornwall villages.
Doing those things gave us a great deal, but why, under our system, do we have to do them?
Why is it that the trial in May, under the amazing Paul Mulholland, will be based in only one trust?
It is because if we had negotiated with all the other hospital trusts that are experts in this field, it would have taken  us two years to get started.
Why are we outstripped by Israel, Spain, America and any number of countries?
It is because we cannot get our act together to start a trial, as each hospital trust is arguing about and seeking to renegotiate every trial and every plan.
This is not new.
The issue was raised by Lord O’Shaughnessy in his great report on clinical trials.
That report is two years old, but we have made no progress.
We made no progress under the former Conservative Government, and we have made no progress under our Government.
The £40 million given to the National Institute for Health and Care Research in 2017 for glioblastoma and brain cancer drug trials has not been spent.
Can any Member of the House explain to me how that is humanly possible?
Do we not have drugs that we could trial?
Yes, of course we do.
Trials are not that complicated; we can do them if we choose to.
We have the doctors to do them.
We need to want to change.
I apologise to the Under-Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, my hon.
Friend  the Member for West Lancashire (Ashley Dalton) , because when she came to talk to me in the Tea Room this morning, she got this at a very fast pace.
I have now met four wonderful cancer Ministers, two Conservative and two Labour.
They have all been dedicated, and all wanted to sort this out, but we cannot do this by edict, or by hoping and wishing.
Unless we change things and unless, I dare say, some people are removed, it will never happen.
All the institutions I mentioned continue to exist because they do not do things differently.
Someone diagnosed with a glioblastoma will get the same treatment that they would have got 25 years ago.
They will have their tumour removed.
They will be delighted that it is gone, but it is not gone; it is coming back.
They will be given eight weeks’ radiotherapy.
It is brutal.
It will help them for a while, but the tumour will come back.
Then they get given chemotherapy— the drug is temozolomide, which was approved at the beginning of the 2000s.
It will help, but the tumour will come back.
They have to be able to withstand that drug themselves.
Margaret could not do that.