It was incredibly moving to meet her; it took me right back to the start of this journey.
I posted on my Facebook page about meeting her, and straight away somebody said that they knew her and that she had helped them when their family had been faced with glioblastoma.
That is a reminder that so many people affected by these conditions turn their loss into something really positive and help other people.
My hon.
Friend’s campaign relates to glioblastoma, a type of tumour that took my father-in-law.
I felt that the stars had aligned for me.
I really do mean that; I really did get that feeling.
I want to pay tribute to my hon.
Friend. [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”]
More, more!
I know her to be a formidable woman who in this context is driven by glioblastoma taking her sister, Margaret.
I did not know her sister at all, which is my loss, but I do know that she shaped my party and she helped change our country for the better, and I know above all that she was loved by her sister.
Glioblastoma is typical of so many rare cancers, and it started me on this journey so I want to talk about it further.
My father-in-law, Ivor Hutchison, was a dignified man but glioblastoma did not respect that.
He was a technical teacher at Bell Baxter high school in Fife.
He was married to Sylvia and they have four daughters, Denise, Iona, my lovely wife Audrey who is in the Gallery —I have just embarrassed her—and Sarah.
In time, Ivor and Sylvia had grandchildren: Andrew, our daughter Ruth, Hannah, Matthew, our son Ben, Rory and Sophie.
Ivor was not a passive grandfather; he worked hard to ensure his grandchildren flourished.
In September 2017, Ivor began having problems with his speech.
My wife Audrey, an NHS nurse, was concerned that it might be a sign of dementia.
We all hoped that that was not the case.
Following an MRI scan in the November, we received the devastating news that Ivor had glioblastoma.
At Christmas he was still very much himself and enjoyed the festivities.
Ivor never had a pound of fat on him, but when it came to Christmas time he really did hoover up the food and enjoyed the Christmas meal.
It was great to see him that Christmas, but we did feel that it would be his last.
Once we entered the new year, he began to lose his mobility, and eventually  he was admitted to Adamson hospital in Cupar.
In 2018, surrounded by his wife and daughters, Ivor died peacefully, eight months after his first symptoms.
He had a good life and his daughters are a fantastic legacy to him, as well as all the pupils he taught at school.
However, as a physically fit man, Ivor should have lived longer: he should have lived to see his birthday last weekend, and if he had done so, he would not have missed two of his grandchildren getting married and his first great-grandchild, Fraya, being born in December last year.
I assumed that he had been unlucky with glioblastoma.
It was not until I met my hon.
Friend the Member for Mitcham and Morden that I learned that only 25% of glioblastoma patients live beyond 12 months after diagnosis, and only one in 20 survive beyond five years.
Despite that awful prognosis, as for other rare cancers, the drugs to treat glioblastoma have not changed in decades.
That is why I knew in my heart that I needed to introduce a Bill that would help equip those working hard to fight against glioblastoma, and all rare cancers, with the tools they need to further their efforts and, ultimately, save lives.
Over the past 15 years, thanks to the dedicated work of charities, survivors and researchers, we have seen a 10% rise in survival rates for those diagnosed with cancer.