I have said that 47% of all UK cancer diagnoses each year are of rare and less common types.
These patients already have the cards stacked against them, as they are 17% less likely to survive—an injustice caused by the relative lack of research and development in this field over many years.
Secondly, having a rare cancer should not mean being less likely to benefit from a medical breakthrough.
According to Cancer52, in 2024, an astonishing 82% of patients with rare and less common cancers were not offered a clinical trial, and so were denied access to potentially lifesaving treatments.
Often that is because such trials do not even exist, because there has been so little progress, and when they do exist, they are not always easy for patients to access.
Let me give an example: there is a remarkable young woman in my constituency known as Kira the Machine.
Kira has been living with neuroblastoma since she was 10.
She has been through it all: a prognosis of inoperability, 26 rounds of chemotherapy and eight relapses.
Her and her mum, Aud, are fundraising legends locally.
I do not know a school or workplace in Edinburgh that did not help when they were given just three weeks to raise £500,000 for lifesaving specialist treatment in the USA.
Now 21 and fundraising for other cancer sufferers, Kira is an example to us all.
She owes her life to a lung cancer drug not typically provided to treat neuroblastoma and not yet generally available in the UK for that purpose, although I understand that Solving Kids’ Cancer is working on that.
Kira appears on my social media so much, and is really well known in Edinburgh because of the fantastic campaign that she and her mum ran.
She is a bit of a celebrity, if I can use that word.
She came into my office recently to talk about the Bill.
It was really humbling to meet her, and because she has that celebrity status, in my mind, I was also quite starstruck; I told her that it was like Taylor Swift entering my office.
I resisted the temptation to exchange friendship bracelets with her, but she gave me a Solving Kids’ Cancer badge, which I am proud to wear today.
Kira’s story is important because it reminds us that repurposing existing drugs can unlock great benefits, but those benefits can be delivered at scale only through additional medical research efforts and clinical trials.
The NHS has a drug repurposing office.
To date, it has repurposed one drug, and that was for breast cancer.
Does my hon.
Friend think that is good enough?
I welcome that intervention; I think that was a leading question.
Of course it is not good enough.
I do not think that anybody here thinks that it is good enough, including the Minister.
Unfortunately, at present there are very few clinical trials in this country for rare cancer treatments.
Families such as Kira’s should not need to crowdfund for treatment overseas; we should be building the capacity here in the UK.
Thirdly, having a rare cancer should not mean that a diagnosis is delayed when compared with diagnoses of other cancers.
Rare cancer sufferers tell me that their symptoms are often less likely to be recognised, as doctors are less familiar with them.
I thank my hon.
Friend for the powerful way he is introducing his Bill.
My constituent Steph is just 29 years old and is a mam to two little girls.
She was diagnosed with grade 4 glioblastoma, known as astrocytoma, on her birthday last year.
For months prior to her diagnosis, she was treated for migraines by her GP.
Steph knew that she was not suffering from migraines, yet she was rudely dismissed by an A&E doctor, and felt nobody was listening to her.
Steph has since had brain surgery, radiotherapy and chemotherapy.
My hon.
Friend knows that early diagnosis and treatment is vital.