All of us would have spent more time at his bedside if we could, because time with people you love is a privilege.
That is what this Bill is about: giving people more time with those they love, perhaps even a full lifetime together.
In cases where the cancer is worse and it cannot be treated or cured, it is about giving people more time, better health and an understanding of the journey that they are on.
It is about giving people more special moments, be it a Pixies concert or reading a story to a child—Alex read the best stories—and time to organise what you leave behind.
People who develop cancers that are rare still matter, and they still deserve more time.
The work to help people like Alex in the future must start today.
The Government have a renewed emphasis on tackling rare cancers, in memory of the sister of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mitcham and Morden (Dame Siobhain McDonagh)  and of Tessa Jowell, and for countless other campaigners, including those in the Gallery.
What we need is focus and determination to respond quickly.
I thank the House for indulging me today.
Let us be that world leader that is so desperately needed in tackling rare cancers.
Let us give families special time with those they love the most.
Let us pass this Bill.
I thank  the hon.
Member for Edinburgh South West (Dr Arthur)  for bringing the Bill before the House, and pay tribute to him and to the hon.
Members who have already spoken so movingly on this subject, including  the hon.
Member for Calder Valley (Josh Fenton-Glynn) .
I also pay tribute to  the hon.
Member for Mitcham and Morden (Dame Siobhain McDonagh)  for her tireless advocacy.
The many forms of cancer categorised as rare according to the Bill might each strike a small number of people, but taken together rare cancers make up almost one in five of all cancer diagnoses.
Each incident, each diagnosis, each prognosis has the same devastating impact on families throughout the country, my own being no exception.
My brother-in-law, Group Captain Pip Harding, who was 53, was diagnosed with stage 4 glioblastoma this time last year.
At the time, he was serving in the Royal Air Force with the US Indo-Pacific command, one of his many tours, including in Afghanistan and Iraq.
He was given nine to 12 months to live.
For his wife Claire and his five children, the news changed everything.
In September, I joined Pip, his family and over 400 other loved ones at RAF Benson in Oxfordshire for what was called a “dining out” or farewell ceremony, an event to allow everyone to be together with Pip, potentially for one last time.
You can imagine how difficult, yet how  moving, that was.
A few weeks later, Pip was lucky enough to come across the pioneering brain surgeon Dr Paul Mulholland, who has been trialling a treatment called oncothermia.
This employs radio frequencies to target and heat malignant cancer tumour cells while avoiding healthy cells.
Oncothermia is not currently available on the NHS and each one-hour treatment costs £1,000.
A tumour like Pip’s requires 36 sessions.
For most people, indeed for almost all of us, that kind of money and, consequently, that course of care, is out of reach, but the 400 friends and family who attended Pip’s farewell dinner set up a GoFundMe page, which is now covering the cost of the treatment.
We love Pip, which is why we all put in as much as we could to fund it.
Cancers like this, with a brutal and bleak prognosis, bring people together to fight it.
I want the Government to share that resolve.
Since starting the monthly oncothermia sessions in December, the first MRI scan showed that Pip’s brain tumour had reduced in size from 7 cm to 1.7 cm.
Pip is, thank God, still alive and watching today.