Barnard Castle is home to GlaxoSmithKline, which bottled the vaccines.
There was, at the time, a global shortage of bottles for vaccines, and in the UK we have only one glass manufacturer capable of doing that job, although soon there will be another in St Helens.
Hopefully, after that little overview, Members can sense that there is a big industrial supply chain issue that we need to address before we can get treatments to the people who need them most.
In fact, there are a number of researchers working on this area.
I am sure that when we think of research into rare cancers, we think of people in white coats and laboratories in places like Oxford, Cambridge and Imperial, but I urge us to also think about the process operators in Billingham, the bottle fillers in Barnard Castle and the furnace operators in places like Glass Futures in St Helens, who are also working hard on research projects to deliver those treatments.
The second issue that I would like us to consider is the role that the NHS can and must play.
I want to see a transformatively different approach from the NHS in this area.
A month ago in Parliament, I met representatives of Pancreatic Cancer UK, which I know supports the Bill.
They talked to me about pancreatic enzyme replacement therapy, which is a treatment for pancreatic cancer, and about the difficulties in sourcing sufficient quantities of treatment.
We all know from our constituency surgeries that there is the same issue with common drugs; people suffering with other conditions and people who have children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and so on are struggling to get the drugs that they need.
Part of the issue is that we rely so much on imports.
We could be manufacturing these products in the UK.
The NHS is the single biggest purchaser of drugs in the world; it has the market power to demand that production   be centred in the UK.
That would bring clear economic benefits to the UK, but it would also shorten cycle times for innovation, because the researchers and the manufacturers would be close to one another, and it would ensure security of supply in the UK.
It would mean that we could be proud of manufacturing drugs that help to treat people around the world.
It would also fit in with our industrial strategy.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care was talking only yesterday about the importance of life sciences to our industrial strategy, and about their creating British jobs in research and in factories.
I very much thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Edinburgh South West (Dr Arthur)  for introducing the Bill.
He described his father-in-law as a dignified man; my hon.
Friend gave an incredibly dignified speech, and I am sure that his father-in-law will be very proud.
We look forward to the days when people who suffer from rare cancers are not offered such treatments as breathing into a brown paper bag, as my hon.
Friend described, or taking a paracetamol, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for South Shields (Mrs Lewell-Buck)  described.
Instead, we should use the power of our NHS and the efficiency of our UK supply chains to turn discoveries into drugs, and trials into lifesaving treatments.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Edinburgh South West (Dr Arthur)  for introducing the Bill.
I remember the day my dad was diagnosed with terminal cancer.
I remember my mum and dad picking me up off the floor.
I was supposed to be supporting them, but that did not happen that day.
Dr Lau at Blackpool Victoria hospital explained that my dad’s cancer was terminal.
My dad was initially given chemotherapy to try to shrink the tumours and give us more time.
Later, he was asked to take part in a trial using immunotherapy.