A lot of us think that our elder siblings are rock stars, but in my brother’s case that was literally true.
The band he joined at university, called Pure, toured with bands like Soundgarden and reached the top 10 in Japan.
I have always been tremendously proud to call him my brother.
I was proud of the horse-drawn narrowboat company he ran in Hebden Bridge, which forms part of many people’s happy childhood memories, and of his subsequent time at the National Trust, where he helped properties to become profitable, worked to restore nature and worked with local authorities.
His last major project was creating woodlands near Lunt, in Liverpool.
But most of all, I was proud of the person he was.
He was always funny—he had a surreal wit.
He was unfailingly kind and the sort of non-toxic model of masculinity that the world needs more of.
I remember the humour and love in the best man’s speech he gave for me, and I will never not be sorry that I have written eulogies for my brother but never a best man’s speech.
While preparing for Christmas in 2023, I got a call from Alex and he asked if I had a minute to talk, which was unlike him, because he would not generally be over-serious.
He said he had a lump on the side of his face that was, in his words, unsightly but not overly concerning.
It might have been cancer, but there are a number of other things that it could have been, and if it was cancer, it was likely to be a very treatable form.
He instructed me to be aware of it but not make a big deal of it, because, typically, he did not want to worry our mum.
Later, it transpired that it was acinic cell carcinoma, but the prognosis was good and they were going to operate.
The cancer continued to grow.
His operation took 14 hours.
The thing about Alex’s tumour is that the version of the illness he had was high grade, which meant that it mutated faster.
It is something that has only been identified in about 100 cases, and which no doubt could have been identified earlier had we known more about cancers like his.
Last spring, in my mum’s garden, during a hushed conversation with a different family member to the side, they told me that Alex might only have 18 months to live.
I hugged my two-year-old son, who was playing in the garden unaware, because I was trying not to make a big deal of it—but sometimes you need to hug someone.
Every update got worse, until I took a day off during the election campaign to visit him at the Christie hospital because his lung had collapsed.
Then, because it is never a straight line, his health improved.
He got to sit up there in the Gallery to watch my maiden speech in Parliament.
We went to a Pixies concert together at the Piece Hall in Halifax.
Then he got worse, Madam Deputy Speaker, and on Christmas Eve last year he was hospitalised again.
When he returned home, we knew he was coming home to die.
I cannot say enough about his wonderful friends, particularly Matt and Sarah, and my incredible family, who cared for him at the end.
All of us would have spent more time at his bedside if we could, because time with people you love is a privilege.
That is what this Bill is about: giving people more time with those they love, perhaps even a full lifetime together.
In cases where the cancer is worse and it cannot be treated or cured, it is about giving people more time, better health and an understanding of the journey that they are on.