(Urgent Question): To ask the Home Secretary to make a statement on asylum hotels and illegal immigrants crossing the channel.
As the right hon.
Member is aware, the Home Office discharges its statutory duty to provide accommodation and to support destitute asylum seekers through seven asylum accommodation and support services contracts.
Those contracts were entered into by the previous Government, commencing in 2019, and are split between three providers: Clearsprings Ready Homes Ltd, Serco Ltd, and Mears Ltd.
Significant elements of the behaviour and performance of one of the sub-contractors of Clearsprings Ready Homes fell short of what we would expect from a Government supplier.
That is why the Home Office has informed Clearsprings Ready Homes that it must exit the arrangements with a subcontractor in its supply chain, Stay Belvedere Hotels.
We will not hesitate to take further action in respect of Clearsprings and its wider supply chain if that proves necessary, and we are conducting a full audit of our supply chain.
We expect the highest standards from those contracted to provide essential services, and this Government will always hold them to account for delivery, performance and value for money.
Where there are concerns about how contractors or their subcontractors are discharging their contractual obligations, we will not hesitate to take swift and decisive action.
The Home Office progresses matters relating to these contracts with its providers in commercial confidentiality.
I will not give a running commentary, but I assure the House that whatever the position with any of its providers, the Home Office remains focused on maintaining continuity of service and ensuring that our statutory obligation is met at all times, and has contingency plans in this regard.
None of that takes away from our commitment to reducing the huge cost of asylum hotels, which remains our priority.
In relation to channel crossings, this Government have put forward a serious, credible plan to restore order to our asylum system, including tougher enforcement powers, ramping up returns to their highest levels for more than half a decade, and a major crackdown on illegal working to end the false promise of jobs, used by gangs to sell spaces on boats.
Increased law enforcement action and disruption is already showing some indication of pressure on the business model of the gangs, and we are introducing new powers for law enforcement to use against the vile trade in people smuggling and trafficking.
Last summer, the Government were elected on a promise to end the use of asylum hotels.
Well, it has now been nine months, so let us see how they are getting on.
The use of asylum hotels has gone up by 8,000 since the general election—it has not gone down; it has gone up.
Some 38,000 mainly illegal immigrants are now in those hotels, costing hard-working taxpayers around £2 billion a year.
It is completely unacceptable that taxpayers are asked to foot a bill that size.
The  people living in those hotels broke our laws by coming here from France, which is a manifestly safe country that nobody needs to leave.
I have a very simple question for the Minister: when will the Government end the use of asylum hotels?
During the election campaign last summer and subsequently, the Government also promised to “smash the gangs”, but that promise now lies in tatters.
In the nine months since the election, 29,162 people—nearly 30,000 people—have illegally crossed the English channel, which is a 31% increase on the same period 12 months before.
In fact, 2025 is even worse.
Since  1 January , more people have crossed the English channel illegally than in any year in history—this is the worst year.
It is 38% worse than the previous worst year, so things are getting worse not better.
They have not smashed the gangs, but capitulated to them.
The hon.
Lady mentioned returns.
Most of those returns do not relate to people who arrived by small boat.