Can I invite him to join me on a visit to the centre in the coming months?
I join my hon.
Friend in congratulating the local trust on the work it is doing and the impact it is having, and I would be delighted to pay a visit as soon as my diary allows.
The new St George’s NHS hub in Hornchurch has freed up space in Queen’s hospital in Romford to remodel the accident and emergency there.
Will the Secretary of State now fund that remodelling, so that our constituents can get better emergency care?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for raising the need for investment in the accident and emergency at Queen’s hospital in Romford.
As she alluded to, that department serves my constituents, too, so this will be a rare occasion at the Dispatch Box where I urge and encourage her to lobby the Minister of State, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bristol South (Karin Smyth) , because in such decisions I must recuse myself.
However, she will know where my sympathies lie.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of access to NHS dental services.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of access to NHS dental services.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of access to NHS dental services.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of access to NHS dental services.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of access to NHS dental services.
Rebuilding our broken dentistry system is a priority for this Government.
We are already rolling out 700,000 extra urgent dental appointments a year, as promised in our manifesto; we have launched a supervised toothbrushing scheme for three to five-year-olds; and we are committed to reforming the dental contract and making NHS dentistry fit for the future in the long term.
In Kettering, we know the scale of the challenge facing NHS dentistry after 14 years of Tory failure.
My constituents regularly tell me how impossible it is to get an appointment.
Some are driving tens of miles to see a dentist, and it is simply a scandal how many children are admitted to hospital with tooth decay.
While it cannot be rebuilt overnight, in Kettering we welcome the extra 17,000 urgent appointments, which are a vital first step.
Can the Minister confirm that it is this Government who will make NHS dentistry fit for the future?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
After 14 years of Tory neglect and incompetence, far too many people are still struggling to find an NHS appointment.
This Government are tackling the challenges for patients trying to access NHS dental care by delivering 700,000 more urgent dental appointments a year and by recruiting new dentists to areas that need them.
My hon.
Friend’s local integrated care board has been asked to deliver nearly 17,000 of the additional urgent appointments.
I am in no doubt that she will continue to campaign tirelessly on behalf of her constituents.
My constituent, Kevin Buckley, had his NHS dentist shut with no notice.
NHS dentists in Knowsley are not taking on any new patients and he is stuck.
This is not just a local issue, but a national crisis.
What action will the Minister take to address the shortage of NHS dentists?
I am sorry to hear of the difficulties faced by Mr Buckley.
Sadly, that is a challenge we face nationally after 14 years of abject failure from those now on the Opposition Benches.
There are no quick fixes or easy answers, but we are committed to reforming the contract and helping those who need it most.
My hon.
Friend’s local ICB has been asked to deliver more than 46,000 additional urgent care appointments from April onwards, getting care to those constituents who need it most.
The north-west has also been allocated 21 posts in the golden hello scheme to recruit dentists into underserved areas.