As I often say, I don’t count the years, I make the years count.
That is the important thing.
Can I ask the Minister a very important question?
What discussions has he had with the Education Secretary on providing more financial support to young students who want to study dentistry, to ease the burden of high costs associated with studying dentistry which many young people may find off-putting?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for that question and I congratulate him again on his 60th birthday. [
Laughter.]
He raises an important point on teaching and training in dentistry.
There is not enough capacity in the system.
We absolutely want to ensure that we are building that capacity.
As I said, a lot of that will depend on the comprehensive spending review settlement in June.
I would be more than happy to discuss the issue with him in greater detail once we have a better sense of where we are on the funding.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of the provision of health services for women.
The Government are committed to improving women’s health outcomes.
We have already taken urgent action to tackle the gynaecology list through the elective reform plan, and we recently announced an £11 million trial using AI tools to detect breast cancer cases earlier.
The 10-year health plan will set out how we will tackle the factors that lead to poor health outcomes and the improvements we expect to see.
What assessment has the Minister made of the adequacy of research into and the provision of fibroid treatment for women, taking into consideration that fibroids are three times more likely to appear in black women than in white women?
The Government welcome the work my hon.
Friend has undertaken and the work of the Caribbean and African Health Network in highlighting health inequalities for black women.
She highlights shocking and unacceptable statistics.
The National Institute for Health and Care Research has funded a significant amount of research into women’s health issues, including a £1.5 million trial comparing treatment options for fibroids.
I am happy to make sure she is updated on that work and on the details of that work.
Early diagnosis and treatment of breast cancer can make a huge difference to the women involved, and, of course, to the prognosis and the cost to the state of health provision.
I welcome the reference in the cancer plan to early diagnosis, but what specifically will the Government do to encourage greater awareness of the full range of breast cancer symptoms, and to encourage women to get early diagnosis and treatment for better outcomes?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for that question and for the work he has supported on behalf of his wife to raise awareness.
Screening access  and uptake are shockingly low across the country right now, and looking at that is a key part of what we need to do to ensure that women come forward for the screening test.
The AI work will support the faster response time so that we can get women treated more quickly, and will absolutely form part of what we need to do in the coming years.
I want to put on the record my thanks to the Health Secretary for coming to Nottingham last week and meeting some of the families who have been harmed by extremely serious failings in maternity services at Nottingham University Hospitals NHS trust, and for his sincere commitment to them.
It was clear just how moved he was by their stories.
One of their asks is that the Government implement the 22 recommendations from the Shrewsbury and Telford Ockenden review, so I ask the Minister today to commit to doing that.
I know that my hon.
Friend and other Members representing that area have supported the trust and particularly the families who have been affected.
As she highlights, my right hon.