Friend to make representations locally to his integrated care board, as I know he is doing.
Ministers will also be open to receiving his representations.
Following the Government’s regrettable decision not to fund Watford general hospital’s refurbishment in this Parliament, providing community care facilities in a town such as Borehamwood in my constituency—a significant town without its own dedicated facilities—is more important than ever.
Will the Secretary of State undertake to use his offices to urge the ICB and others to get their act together so that we can finally have those facilities in Borehamwood?
I am very sympathetic to the argument that the right hon.
Gentleman makes about the importance of neighbourhood health services in Borehamwood, and indeed in towns and communities across the country.
What I am not sympathetic to is a former Deputy Prime Minister complaining about the state of the NHS, which he played a key part in creating when he sat around the Cabinet table.
One in three hospital admissions occurs in a person’s last year of life, and 43% of people will die in an NHS hospital.
Clearly, that is not acceptable when people are at their frailest.
What is my right hon.
Friend doing to invest in virtual wards so that we can keep those people at home, and in the district nurse workforce to ensure that district nurses have a proper career structure and that theirs can be a profession of choice once again?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about the innovation and the impact of virtual wards.
I have seen at first hand the impact they can have—not just in providing better value for taxpayers and freeing up hospital beds for those who genuinely need to be in hospital, but in providing what everyone wants, which is to receive high-quality care in the comfort of their own home wherever possible.
That will be a big part of our 10-year plan, and of course, it will be underpinned by really good community nursing and community healthcare teams.
Stepping Hill hospital in Hazel Grove has a huge repairs backlog.
Patients are having to park miles away to get to the hospital, corridors have been flooded and there have been frequent power cuts.
Alongside Stockport council, the local hospital trust and the community, I am calling for an additional site in Stockport town centre, whether that is a diagnostic centre or otherwise.
What assurance can the Health Secretary give my constituents that they will be able to get the health services they need closer to them, and what support can he provide?
I am well aware of the challenges at Stepping Hill hospital and the need for support and investment in services in Stockport, not least thanks to the representations of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stockport (Navendu Mishra) .
We are looking carefully at this situation and are committed to working with leaders locally to try to improve the quality of and access to services to give local people what they deserve.
A new state-of-the-art surgical centre is set to open at the Victoria infirmary in Northwich in the next few weeks.
The new facility will be a centre of excellence and a regional hub for outstanding cataract care, and it is an excellent example of how we can reduce pressure on our major hospitals, while making the best use of facilities in the heart of our communities.
Will the Secretary of State join me in congratulating the Mid Cheshire hospitals trust on completing this project?
Can I invite him to join me on a visit to the centre in the coming months?
I join my hon.
Friend in congratulating the local trust on the work it is doing and the impact it is having, and I would be delighted to pay a visit as soon as my diary allows.