However, tragically, a mother at full term lost her baby at a hotel.
Will the Minister give a guarantee that pregnant women will not be moved from hotel to hotel, so that they can have continuity of services and a safe pregnancy?
That certainly should not be happening.
If my hon.
Friend wants to talk to me about it, I will try to see what happened in that instance.
A directive from the Treasury reported in The Times appears to suggest that house building by the Government will help with the backlog of asylum seekers staying in hotels.
Does the Minister believe that individuals who have arrived in the UK illegally should be given access to social housing ahead of British citizens?
No.
Back in 2021, the Conservatives, when in government, told the town of Blackpool that they would use the Metropole hotel as an asylum hotel for three months.
They lost control of the borders and drove the asylum system into chaos, and we are still paying the price now, in one of the most deprived communities in the country.
Does the Minister agree that we need to close these hotels as soon as possible and give back that prime real estate—especially in coastal communities such as Blackpool—to help the tourism industry thrive?
We do not believe that it is sustainable to keep hotel use indefinitely, and we are working to close hotels.
Small boat crossings are up 30% since the general election.
The number of illegal asylum seekers in the asylum hotel in my constituency of Broxbourne is also up.
Illegal asylum seekers are being prioritised for GP appointments and school places, which is outrageous to me and my hard-working constituents.
Can the Minister tell the House when she will meet her manifesto commitment of closing the asylum hotel in my constituency of Broxbourne?
Our aim is to close asylum hotels and get out of what we feel is an unsustainable situation as quickly as practicable.
I am sure that the Minister agrees that one of the root causes of this crisis was the last Government’s politically motivated actions, first slowing down and then freezing the processing of asylum applications.
I have asylum seekers waiting 10 or more years for a decision.
The British public want to see a contribution by asylum seekers to the system, reducing the public burden on  taxpayers, so has the Minister considered lifting the ban on work so that people waiting more than six months for a decision can contribute to our tax system until a decision is made?
Asylum seekers who wait longer than a year are allowed to work, so long as that wait has not been caused by them—that is, a wait through no fault of their own.
We have that system now, and I am not considering shortening the length of time that must elapse before work is allowed.
rose—
Order.
Questions are getting considerably longer.
Can we keep them on point?
Like  the right hon.
Member for Herne Bay and Sandwich (Sir Roger Gale) , I have visited Calais on a number of occasions, and I have met people there who are desperate.
They are victims of war, human rights abuses, environmental degradation and sheer poverty and desperation.
They do not cross the channel without a reason to do it.
What conversations is the Minister having with those in European countries, north Africa and the middle east about the root causes of the huge numbers of people globally who are seeking asylum at the present time?
Inhumanity and deportation will not work.
I do not apologise for deporting people who have no right to be here or who have been through the system and are discovered neither to be asylum seekers nor to have any right to stay in the country.
I accept the right hon.
Gentleman’s point about the desperate situation that people are in.