My contribution will be brief.
I start by thanking the Minister and Lord Anderson in the other place for their hard work with others on bringing the Bill to fruition.
I also thank them for the kindness and courtesy they have shown my constituents Figen Murray and her husband Stuart.
I echo what the Minister said earlier in paying tribute to them and the whole campaign team who have worked so hard on this.
They have asked me to place on the record their view that the other place did a good job in its scrutiny of the Bill; it was cross-party and collaborative, and the considered amendments from the other place will strengthen the Bill.
For my part, I am glad that the thresholds were not further watered down, and I understand that it is important to keep them under review.
This is a good Bill, and it will be a good law.
It will have a deterrent effect and a protective effect, and it will save lives.
I have a special announcement to make: today is Jim Shannon’s 70th birthday.
Hear, hear.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps he is taking to shift care from major hospitals into community hospitals.
On behalf of His Majesty’s Government, I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon)  on reaching his 70th birthday—I think you said 70th, Mr Speaker, but I am sure you meant 60th.
In response to my hon.
Friend  the Member for South Dorset (Lloyd Hatton) , we promised in opposition to transform the NHS into a neighbourhood health service, and we have hit the ground running.
As a first step, we have announced the biggest boost to GP funding in years—an extra £889 million—which will recruit 1,000 more GPs.
We are delivering 700,000 extra urgent dental appointments, and we have given adult and children’s hospices a once-in-a-generation £100 million funding boost.
At the same time, we are delivering our plan for change and have cut waiting lists for five months in a row.
Change has begun, but the best is still to come.
I, too, pass on my best wishes to  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon) .
In South Dorset we urgently need to restore clinics and shift services back into our community hospitals in Weymouth, Portland, Swanage and Wareham.
Sadly, the previous Conservative Government hollowed out those community hospitals, meaning that services left our towns to go further and further up the road.
Combined with poor transport links, this means that many local people in my patch find it difficult to access the care they need.
With that in mind, what steps is the Secretary of State taking to restore clinics and services in our community hospitals, and will he support my campaign to restore the chemotherapy clinic at Wareham community hospital?
The big thrust of our 10-year plan will be to deliver on the three shifts: from hospital to community, from analogue to digital, and from sickness to prevention.
We believe that by moving services closer to people’s homes—and, indeed, into their homes—we will be able to provide faster diagnosis and faster access to treatment, which will be better for patients and for taxpayers.
Through the reforms we are making to the structure of NHS England and the governance of the NHS, we are also presiding over the biggest devolution in the history of the NHS, with more powers and decisions taken closer to the communities they serve.
In that spirit, I urge my hon.
Friend to make representations locally to his integrated care board, as I know he is doing.
Ministers will also be open to receiving his representations.
Following the Government’s regrettable decision not to fund Watford general hospital’s refurbishment in this Parliament, providing community care facilities in a town such as Borehamwood in my constituency—a significant town without its own dedicated facilities—is more important than ever.