I call the shadow Minister.
Now that the Secretary of State is abolishing NHS England, will he listen to the calls from the National Pharmacy Association and the Independent Pharmacies Association, and publish immediately the independent report commissioned by NHS England on pharmacies’ finances?
We will publish the economic analysis imminently.
He mentioned the National Pharmacy Association, which gives me the opportunity to say that I think that the collective action that it is taking is premature, unnecessary and detrimental to community pharmacy patients.
I urge the NPA to reconsider its position and wait for the outcome of our negotiations with the CPE, which will come very shortly.
We will announce that very soon.
The National Pharmacy Association, which has been waiting for months to get the answer, is advising all its 6,000 pharmacy members to reduce services and hours, for the first time in 104 years.
That has never happened before under a Labour Government, or under the Lib Dems or the Conservatives, but it is happening under this Government.
Its chair said:
“The sense of anger among pharmacy owners has been intensified exponentially by the Budget”,
citing unfunded national insurance contributions and national living wage increases.
The Minister acknowledges that there is potential action.
What contingency plans does the Department have to ensure that we keep patients safe if pharmacies close their doors in industrial action next week?
On the NPA, it has taken us a while to clean up the utter mess that we inherited in community pharmacy.
That involved agreeing financial envelopes and getting into negotiations with CPE.
Those negotiations  have been constructive, and I am delighted to confirm again that we will soon announce the outcome of those negotiations.
What we see here is the shadow Minister apparently taking the side of people taking collective action in a premature way that is detrimental to patients.
They would be better off waiting for the outcome.
The Government are taking industrial relations into the 21st century, as opposed to the performative nonsense that we saw for 14 years.
What steps he is taking to support families of patients who have been sectioned under the Mental Health Act 1983.
When someone is detained, family involvement is extremely valuable, and families should be supported to maintain contact with their loved ones.
Our Mental Health Bill will strengthen requirements to involve families in people’s care.
We will require clinicians to involve patients and their families where possible when developing new statutory care and treatment plans.
I have two ongoing constituency cases with adult men who have serious and long-term mental health issues.
One of my constituents believes that her life is in danger because of her son’s threatening behaviour towards her—her own mental health has been seriously affected by the fear and stress.
The other case involves a young man causing serious distress to his neighbours with his behaviour, which recently led to an incident where he reportedly threatened a police officer with a knife.
Both men are living alone in unsupported accommodation, both are at risk of coercion and abuse because of their mental health problems, and both are causing serious distress to their families and neighbours.
Will the Minister tell the House whether he is working with other Departments to ensure the availability of more provision to support people such as my constituents to live safely in the community and not cause harm or distress to those around them?
I know that the hon.
Member has met my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State about at least one of those constituency cases.
NHS England has asked mental health trusts to review the care of high-risk patients and has published national guidance on the standards of care that are expected.
Ultimately, the Mental Health Act is there to protect people and provide the necessary powers to enable clinicians to manage and support such patients—and to do so, where possible, in the community.