She  could not receive care in Scotland.
Specialist treatment does not seem to exist for POTS.
What more can we do for people like Danielle, and what conversations has the Minister had with counterparts about establishing specialist treatment in Scotland?
In England, it is the responsibility of local integrated care boards to work with clinicians, service users and patient groups to develop services and care pathways that are convenient and meet the needs of patients with POTS.
NICE has published a clinical knowledge summary on the clinical management of blackouts and syncope, which provides advice for UK clinicians on best practice and the assessment and diagnosis of POTS.
I have twice invited Ministers to visit Bridlington district hospital with me to see its much-underutilised potential.
In the light of the ongoing challenges faced by coastal and rural health services and the newly announced changes to integrated care boards, may I hope that it will be third time lucky, and extend that invitation once again?
We are delighted to receive the hon.
Gentleman’s representations.
We will look carefully at the case he makes and will consider visits as diaries allow.
Much to my alarm, the North Central London ICB has recommended the closure of the maternity unit at the Royal Free hospital in my constituency.
The Secretary of State knows the Royal Free well.
Will he meet me to see how I can save my local maternity unit, which looked after me so well when I had gestational diabetes?
These local services are so important for local women, as my hon.
Friend has experienced.
It is really important that reconfigurations are discussed with local Members of Parliament, representing their constituents.
This is obviously a matter for the local ICB, but I am happy to discuss it further with her.
Following my long-running campaign, I am grateful to the Government for finally updating the outdated Treasury rules that were preventing local health boards from spending more money on keeping city centre GP locations.
Will the Government now issue guidance to local health boards and NHS trusts to accelerate the pooling of resources, so that we can get more services out of hospitals and on to our high streets, especially as our high streets need extra footfall right now?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for all the work she has been doing on this issue.
She is right: we need more integration of services, and we need to look at where we can share facilities to achieve better care for patients and better value for taxpayers.
The former chair of my local trust, Bradford teaching hospitals NHS foundation trust, Dr Max Mclean, has today secured whistleblowing protection for himself in a landmark victory.
Last week marked a year since a non-exec director at the trust was  suspended, and a third non-exec director has put in an ET1 form to the employment tribunal.
There appears to be a clear culture of targeting and witch-hunting whistleblowers at Bradford teaching hospitals trust.
I appreciate the Secretary of State’s team supporting me, but given these recent developments, will he meet me?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising these serious issues.
There are issues of concern here, and she clearly describes a concerning situation for the local community.
We need to look carefully at what is happening, and the Minister of State for Health, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bristol South (Karin Smyth) , would be delighted to meet her.
Smile Dental Centre is in one of the least affluent parts of my community in Basildon.
It is looking to expand and provide more NHS dental services, but it has come up against a few issues.
Will the Minister, or one of his officials, meet me and Smile Dental Centre to see what we can unblock to deliver more dental health services for local people?