I know that my hon.
Friend and other Members representing that area have supported the trust and particularly the families who have been affected.
As she highlights, my right hon.
Friend the Health Secretary visited last week and was deeply moved by those stories, and has committed to visiting again.
The Government are working through those recommendations and will update the House shortly.
Following on from the question asked by  the hon.
Member for Nottingham East (Nadia Whittome) , I held a debate in Westminster Hall a few weeks ago on maternity services and spoke to families across the country who have experienced failures in the system that ultimately left them without their babies to take home.
It was a devastating experience for all involved.
The immediate and essential actions in the Ockenden review were supported by the previous Government, and the Secretary of State for Health has been vocal in his support for their implementation.
However, those families want to know how quickly they will see real change in maternity services up and down the country so that families can confidently go to deliver their babies.
The hon.
Lady is right to highlight the impact of the failures in maternity services on women and their families across the country.
As she highlights, my right hon.
Friend the Health Secretary takes this matter personally and is looking at it.
We will continue to work closely with Donna Ockenden on those recommendations and will continue to update the House regularly.
This is an important issue for Members across the House representing their constituents, whether in this Chamber or Westminster Hall, and we are very keen to ensure that we support staff, build that confidence for women and their families and give them a good experience of maternity services.
What assessment he has made of the potential implications for his policies of the independent review into data and statistics on sex and gender by Professor Alice Sullivan.
I am grateful to Professor Sullivan for her report.
Sex and gender identity are not always the same, and it is important for patients that we record both accurately.
I know the House will share my concern at some of the findings from Professor Sullivan’s report, such as trans patients not being invited for cancer screening because of how their gender is recorded.
I can assure the House that I am already acting on reports.
Last week, I instructed the health service to immediately suspend applications for NHS number changes for under-18s to safeguard children.
Taking such action does not prevent the NHS from recording, recognising and respecting trans people’s gender identity.
I thank the Secretary of State for his response, which will give much-needed reassurance to patients across the UK.
Any public body that fails to accurately record sex and instead conflates it with gender puts people at serious risk of harm.
Unfortunately, this type of organisational capture has been widespread across Scotland, with devastating consequences.
Can the Secretary of State assure me that he will raise this issue with his counterparts in the Scottish Government to ensure that NHS Scotland does not put my constituents at risk?
I will absolutely undertake to share the approach we are taking with my counterparts across the United Kingdom.
The approach I have always taken is one that understands the importance of biological sex, that recognises, understands and supports that someone’s gender identity may not always match their biological sex, and that seeks to navigate a way through what has been an extremely toxic and sometimes harmful debate in a way that protects the sex-based rights of women and protects trans people and their identity.
I know that my colleagues across Government are taking an equally sensitive approach, and I think it would be in everyone’s interests if we saw a similar approach across the whole of the United Kingdom.