I am very sorry to hear about my hon.
Friend’s constituents’ experience.
Accessing vital medicines while travelling between nations should be seamless, and I will ask NHS England to work with NHS Scotland to better understand what needs to change to make things easier for patients across the UK.
In the light of the recently announced 50% staffing reductions across integrated care boards, has the Secretary of State made any assessment of how those cuts to the Cambridgeshire and Peterborough ICB will delay the delivery of essential new primary care services for my rapidly growing constituency, particularly in Northstowe, Cambourne and St Neots, where thousands of constituents are already facing unacceptable difficulties in accessing care?
Despite the significant uplift announced by the Chancellor at the Budget, system financial returns during the planning round suggested an overspend for the coming year of between £5 billion to £6 billion.
When I said I would not tolerate overspending in the NHS, I meant it.
When I said I would go after unnecessary administrative costs, duplication and bureaucracy, I meant it.
That is what this Government are doing to protect frontline services.
In Saxmundham in my constituency, Dr Havard has led a campaign for 20 years to transform the healthcare centre into a one-stop community healthcare hub.
His   practice has already expanded services, transforming health locally.
Does the Minister agree that the Saxmundham healthcare hub is an excellent example and model for what this Government are trying to do to transform community healthcare?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that shifting care from hospitals to the community is at the heart of our 10-year plan.
I would be happy to meet the doctors leading this pilot to find out more about the excellent work that she describes.
For eight years, I have seen how a young constituent has been able to completely control his previously life-threatening seizures with medicinal cannabis, but at huge cost to his family—a cost that is prohibitive for other people.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss how we can make access to such treatments more affordable, accessible and safe, so that we can help more people?
We recently had a helpful debate in Westminster Hall on this topic.
We are doing more research on this issue to ensure that the evidence base is there.
I am happy to discuss the matter further with the hon.
Member.
In the ongoing discussion on assisted dying, one point on which we all agree in this House is the urgent need to improve palliative care.
I therefore welcome the Government’s recent £100 million commitment to supporting hospices, including those that help my constituents.
Can the Minister confirm whether long-term funding for hospices will be a priority in the upcoming 10-year health service plan?
My hon.
Friend is right that the hospice sector has been provided with the largest capital spend in a generation—£100 million.
We are also providing £26 million of revenue funding to children and young people’s hospices.
I can confirm that hospices will play a key role in our shift from hospitals to the community, as he set out in his question.
Tragically, Ed was just 24 years old when he decided to take his own life, and that is why the family have joined us today in the Gallery.
What urgent action are the Government taking to improve mental healthcare and suicide prevention for young people like Ed?
The hon.
Member raises an important issue.
We are investing in 8,500 more mental health specialists, as well as specialists in every school, and in Young Futures hubs across the country, to ensure that we do whatever we can to prevent these tragedies.
An early day motion from 2007 noted that women were typically waiting eight years to be diagnosed with endometriosis.
Shockingly, nearly 20 years later, that wait has increased to nine years.