I welcome the commitments to speed up processing and reduce hotel use, but with the aid budget being reduced to 0.3% from 2027, can the Minister reassure me that an ever-increasing chunk of a smaller aid budget will not be spent in-country, instead of on supporting vital poverty alleviation work internationally?
It is clearly important that overseas development moneys are used to try to prevent the flows of people that have been the result of collapses in various countries.
We in the Home Office will do all we can to minimise the spend that we currently take from the overseas development aid budget.
Mr Speaker, you will know that most of the illegal cross-channel migrants who come to this country come through my constituency, at the processing centre in Manston.
As such, I have taken a particular interest in this subject.
What I have to say is certainly not going to be popular, either among Conservative Members or among Labour Members, but neither is it going to be populist.
The Home Secretary and I—not together—both visited the Calais area recently.
We saw there hundreds if not thousands of very determined, very desperate people who are going to risk their lives to cross the channel.
The Conservatives’ Rwanda scheme and this Government’s much-vaunted smashing of the gangs will not solve that problem.
There is no quick fix, and the only solution will be long term and international.
In that context, does the Minister believe that cutting overseas aid is going to do anything other than worsen the problem?
I suggest that the right hon.
Gentleman raises that issue with the Chancellor.
It beggars belief that the Conservatives have the gall to question the actions we have taken as a Government in clearing up the mess they left behind, because they simply stopped doing anything other than wasting £9 billion of taxpayers’ money.
We have returned 19,000 people with no right to be here, we have increased Border Force, and we have increased working with our European allies and our intelligence services, but there is more to do.
It was a mess, and people in our country feel let down and a deep mistrust of politicians.
That is causing division and rumour mills to develop and fester in our communities.
Can the Minister tell me what we are doing as a Government to rebuild public trust and community cohesion?
Does she agree that that should start right here in this House?
I believe that people need to think about the language they use and the impressions of human beings they give when they talk about this very emotive issue.
It raises huge concern, I know.
As a Government, we have certainly got to do all we can to try to reassure people that we can get this system back under control, after finding a chaotic mess when we came into Government.
I recently wrote to the Minister to request the estimated savings the Government expect from the closure of 10 asylum seeker hotels.
In response, I was informed that while the Home Office publishes data on the number of people housed in hotels, it does not report on the number of rooms occupied.
A hotel accommodating people in shared rooms incurs significantly different costs from one where individuals occupy separate rooms, yet that critical distinction is overlooked.
Given that effective policy decisions must be based on clear evidence, will  the Minister commit to publishing room occupancy data to ensure accountability and informed decision making?
I will write to the hon.
Gentleman.
I can assure asylum seekers that they will be treated with kindness and compassion in my human rights city of York.
However, tragically, a mother at full term lost her baby at a hotel.
Will the Minister give a guarantee that pregnant women will not be moved from hotel to hotel, so that they can have continuity of services and a safe pregnancy?
That certainly should not be happening.