It does involve people with Down syndrome, as part of a wider group.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Since I reported to the House on the Government’s plans to abolish NHS England, hammering the final nail into the coffin of Lord Lansley’s disastrous 2012 reorganisation, the reforms have been welcomed almost universally across Parliament—with the exception of Lord Lansley.
I am pleased to report that the new chief executive of NHS England, Sir Jim Mackey, has appointed the transformation team that will deliver better care for patients and better value for taxpayers’ money.
We are working closely together as we finalise the 10-year plan for health, which will be published around the spending review in June.
My constituent June is 74 years old and has stage 4 cancer.
She had to queue—not phone, but queue—at her GP surgery at 8 am, only not to be given an appointment.
What is the Secretary of State doing to stop such dreadful situations?
I am very sorry to hear of June’s experience.
It illustrates why our determination to end the 8 am scramble for appointments is so necessary, starting with a new requirement for practices to make online appointment requests available through core hours, as well as the big uplift we have invested into general practice.
I hope that will start to see improvements so that people like June will not be left queuing outside in the cold.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
May I take this opportunity to thank the Secretary of State for his kindness following the death of my father earlier this month?
It was very much appreciated.
I welcome the moves to streamline decision making and improve efficiency in the context of the Secretary of State’s NHS England announcement, if he genuinely drives decentralisation to integrated care boards.
However, in a written answer on  21 March , the Minister for Secondary Care said:
“We recognise there may be some short-term upfront costs as we undertake the integration of NHS England and the Department”.
For clarity, can the Secretary of State confirm what the quantum of those reorganisation costs will be and the date by which they will have been recouped?
I am sure that the whole House will want to send our condolences to the right hon.
Gentleman following the loss of his father.
It is good to see him back in action—if not always back in action.
Given the scale of the job reductions and savings that we are seeking to make, the total quantum will be determined once the final shape of the organisation is determined.
Can I also welcome, as I did in January, the Secretary of State’s commitment to seek to work cross party on the future of social care?
He was right and I welcomed that at the time, but like him and many  others, we are all keen to see progress.
Can he update the House on when he anticipates the cross-party talks that were postponed in February will be rescheduled to take place?
Baroness Casey will be making contact with all party groups in order to set dates with parties across this House very shortly, and of course she will be kicking off her commission in April, which is now only days away.
It has been brilliant to meet residents who in recent weeks have had their operation dates brought forward, thanks to the additional evening and weekend appointments that the Labour Government have funded, but we know that too many people are still waiting too long.
What more will Ministers be doing to really drive down waiting lists in my community and across the country?
As my hon.
Friend says, we have brought NHS waiting lists down five months in a row, including during the peak winter pressures.