What assurances can the Minister give my constituents, as well as those being held there, that this site will be operated properly until it closes in September?
If my hon.
and learned Friend wants to talk to me about any of the details, I would be happy to listen, but of course we want to operate that site properly and appropriately until we hand it back to the Ministry of Defence in September.
Given that the Government do not believe in sending illegal immigrants to third countries such as Rwanda, can the Minister explain how they plan to deport people who have destroyed  their documents so that we do not know their country of origin?
Or is the solution to keep those people here forever—in hotels, or in one of the 1.5 million homes that Labour plans to build?
Mr Deputy Speaker—sorry, Mr Speaker.
I do not know why I am calling you Mr Deputy Speaker today; I have gone back a very long time to when you were, but that was so long ago that I can scarcely remember it.
My apologies, Mr Speaker.
The right hon.
Lady should remember that the Rwanda scheme was about deporting people for good, not dealing with their asylum claims.
That is not in any way what this Government would ever consider doing, which is why that scheme was cancelled.
The shadow Home Secretary can complain all he wants, but while he was in the Home Office, 75,000 people crossed the channel, with thousands housed in hundreds of hotels across the country.
A failed Rwanda scheme and a complete freeze on asylum decision making is the reason that the cost of hotels rose to £9 million a day; everything stopped just to send four volunteers to Rwanda, and the shadow Home Secretary is responsible for the chaos.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the only party in this House that voted for the Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill will be the party that sorts this chaos out?
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
We all want to stop the perilous channel crossings that are costing vulnerable people their lives, so what steps are the Government now taking to boost further co-operation with Europol so that we can smash the gangs that are profiting from misfortune?
We have put more resource into Europol to co-operate with European partners across borders.
Operationally, we are working across Europe; we have a new agreement with the German Government and an agreement on sanctions and illicit finance with the Italian Government, and the Calais Group has met in London.
We are doing a lot of work with source areas and countries such as Vietnam, not only on returns but on countering some of the adverts that tell lies about the kind of lives that await those who get on perilous small boats.
We are working with our international colleagues across the piece, both diplomatically and operationally, to try to put pressure on the international criminal gangs and begin to close down this evil trade.
Under the Conservative party, the asylum budget ballooned to over £4 billion, taking 28% of our overseas development assistance for in-country refugee costs—mainly hotels—against an OECD average of 13.8%, making us a big outlier internationally.
I welcome the commitments to speed up processing and reduce hotel use, but with the aid budget being reduced to 0.3% from 2027, can the Minister reassure me that an ever-increasing chunk of a smaller aid budget will not be spent in-country, instead of on supporting vital poverty alleviation work internationally?
It is clearly important that overseas development moneys are used to try to prevent the flows of people that have been the result of collapses in various countries.
We in the Home Office will do all we can to minimise the spend that we currently take from the overseas development aid budget.