I know that the Minister has written to the GDC about this, but has he received a reply?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for the constructive meeting and discussion that we had on this matter.
As he will know, we are exploring the use of provisional registration for overseas dentists, and we are urging the GDC to arrange more examinations for dentists.
I have a meeting set up in short order with the head of the GDC, and I will keep the right hon.
Gentleman posted on that conversation.
My constituents are being forced to travel out of county to Coventry or Evesham to obtain basic NHS dental care.
Does the Minister agree that it is a disgrace that access to an NHS dentist has become a postcode lottery?
What urgent steps are the Government taking to end this dental desert and restore NHS services to rural communities such as mine?
I absolutely agree.
The state of NHS dentistry in our country is shameful.
The golden hello scheme enables 240 dentists to receive a £20,000 joining bonus payment to work in dental deserts, and we are negotiating with the British Dental Association the long-term reform of the contract.
The issue is not the number of dentists in the country, but the paucity of dentists who are doing NHS work.
The north-west has some of the worst levels of children’s oral health in England, with Cheshire and Merseyside falling below the national average.
In rural villages in my constituency like Bunbury, where bus services have been cut, and Kelsall, where a dentist is keen to open an NHS practice but faces barriers due to city centre prioritisation, residents are struggling to access NHS dental care.
Given the challenges of rural access, what steps is the Minister taking to ensure that NHS dental provision is available in those rural communities?
I find it quite striking when Conservative Members stand up and describe the abysmal state of NHS dentistry.
It makes me think, “Well, who created this mess in the first place?”
But that is as an aside.
The fact is that we have the golden hello scheme for dentists to come and work in so-called dental deserts.
We recognise that the fundamental problem is around incentives for dentists to do NHS work.
That is why we are doing a long-term contract negotiation to ensure we have an NHS dentistry contract that is fit for purpose and where every penny allocated to NHS dentistry is spent on NHS dentistry.
There is an urgent need for dental training in Norfolk, so can the Minister confirm that the Government will enable the Office for Students to allocate new dental training places in the east of England to start in 2026?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for that question.
I have met hon.
Members from the area and made it clear that in principle we support any creation of new teaching capacity for dentistry.
What I have also set out is that, before we can give an instruction to the Office for Students to go ahead with that work, we have to have the settlement of the comprehensive spending review, so we know what our financial envelope is.
We will not have that until June, but certainly we will be looking at that as and when we know whether the funding will be available.
I call Jim Shannon.
Hear, hear!
There’s only one Jim Shannon, by the way, you know? [
Laughter.]
Mr Speaker, thank you very much for your birthday wishes.
I am terribly embarrassed.
I thank right hon.
and hon.
Members for their kind wishes.
As I often say, I don’t count the years, I make the years count.
That is the important thing.
Can I ask the Minister a very important question?