We are investing in 8,500 more mental health specialists, as well as specialists in every school, and in Young Futures hubs across the country, to ensure that we do whatever we can to prevent these tragedies.
An early day motion from 2007 noted that women were typically waiting eight years to be diagnosed with endometriosis.
Shockingly, nearly 20 years later, that wait has increased to nine years.
The Government are right to tackle the appalling waiting lists for surgery, but the one in 10 women who suffer with endometriosis often struggle with years of pain before surgery is even suggested.
What plans does the Department have to deal with these delays, and how we can ensure that those working in primary care recognise this debilitating condition earlier?
Those statistics are shocking.
Campaigns here and elsewhere have helped to raise awareness of endometriosis.
The update to National Institute for Health and Care Excellence guidelines will help, as will more appointments, and our commitment to the 18-week target.
Training for GPs is now part of the core curriculum, and we expect that to yield good results.
NHS England and the Office for National Statistics have look-across to the statistics on diagnostic metric standards.
I am happy to update my hon.
Friend outside the Chamber, and I know other Members are also interested in how we are delivering on these commitments.
My constituents in South West Hertfordshire remain concerned about the significant delay to the redevelopment of Watford general.
With the Chancellor already bringing a second emergency Budget before the House tomorrow, and with care homes, hospices and charities facing unsustainable pressure from this Government’s national insurance increases, what reassurances can the Minister give my constituents that the Labour party truly care about healthcare, rather than scoring political points?
The irony!
There is one big difference between what this Government are doing and what the Conservative party did for 14 years, which is that this Government will actually deliver a new Watford general hospital where the Conservative party failed.
Do Ministers agree that a logical conclusion of the Darzi report is that the national care service that we are committed to creating must be free at the point of use?
As Lord Darzi found, as long as the social care system remains means-tested and the NHS is a universally free service, unmet care needs will continue to put unsustainable pressure on our health services.
That is a vital issue.
The Casey commission will look at how best to create a fair and affordable adult social care system, and at which structural reforms will be needed where health and social care meet, because reform must always be married with investment.
General practitioners in my constituency have consistently restructured over 10 years of constant systemic and economic pressures.
How will the Minister convince the Treasury to exempt GPs from the increase to national insurance contributions, and show my GPs that he has their back?
It was thanks to the decisions taken by the Chancellor in the Budget that we were able to award £889 million for general practice.
That is why the Minister for Care was able to get the GP contract agreed for the first time since the pandemic.
Opposition Members cannot continue to welcome the investment and oppose the means.
They have to spell out where they would cut services or raise taxes instead.
Last year, my constituent Danielle was diagnosed with POTS—postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome.
She found herself unable to get out of bed and unable to speak for long periods.
She  could not receive care in Scotland.
Specialist treatment does not seem to exist for POTS.
What more can we do for people like Danielle, and what conversations has the Minister had with counterparts about establishing specialist treatment in Scotland?