Friend is right that NHS staff, including nurses, should be paid appropriately for the work they are asked to do and will be asked to do in future.
We are working with the NHS Staff Council to ensure that the national job evaluation scheme is implemented fairly and consistently across nursing and all professions.
My constituent Ben has spent two decades working as a nurse.
He tells me that his paramedic and midwife colleagues received automatic pay band increases post qualification while he and his nursing peers did not.
Ben and his hard-working nursing colleagues have missed out on tens of thousands of pounds compared to colleagues in other disciplines.
Does the Minister agree that something must be done urgently to make up for this inequity?
I am absolutely clear that we need to make sure that the job evaluation scheme looks at staff across the piece and that people are rewarded appropriately for the work they are asked to do.
We will do that as part of our discussions with the NHS Staff Council, and we will be working consistently with staff as part of the 10-year plan to ensure that people are rewarded.
We depend on these staff, and we want to encourage them to be part of the NHS workforce.
That is the approach we intend to take.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce the number of people waiting for NHS treatment.
The 18-week standard for elective care has not been met for almost a decade.
That is the legacy of the Conservative party.
Our plan for change commits us to cutting waiting lists from 18 months to 18 weeks by the end of this Parliament through a combination of investment and reform.
Since we took office, the waiting list has reduced by over 190,000.
We achieved our manifesto pledge of 2 million extra appointments seven months early, and waiting lists have fallen five months in a row.
A lot done, but a lot more to do.
Change has begun, and the best is still to come.
I welcome that NHS waiting lists for physical health have fallen for the last five months in a row and that NHS waiting lists are down by almost 200,000 since Labour was elected, but with people who have mental health conditions eight times as likely to have to wait 18 months for treatment, what steps are the Government taking to ensure that we see the same progress in waiting times for both mental and physical health treatments?
Can they deliver a parity of esteem that the Opposition failed to achieve in their 14 years in power?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his question and for his long-standing commitment to improving mental health services.
Lord Darzi highlighted that those waiting over a year for mental healthcare outnumbered the entire population of Leicester.
We are committed to tackling this.
We will fix the broken system by recruiting an extra 8,500 mental health workers, introducing access to a specialist in every school and rolling out community Young Futures hubs in England.
We will shortly be publishing before Parliament our mental health investment standard report, which will show that when it comes to mental health this Government are putting their money where their mouth is.
Waiting times for patients living in the village of Burton outside Christchurch could be drastically cut if the local integrated care board were to approve the creation of a new branch surgery.
That application has been outstanding for more than four months.
Will the Secretary of State put a bomb under Dorset ICB and get it to approve it straight away?
That sounds like an invitation to commit a criminal offence, and I think I will resist the temptation.
I am sure that the ICB has heard the hon.
Gentleman’s forceful representations, and we will make inquiries to get him an update.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.