Smile Dental Centre is in one of the least affluent parts of my community in Basildon.
It is looking to expand and provide more NHS dental services, but it has come up against a few issues.
Will the Minister, or one of his officials, meet me and Smile Dental Centre to see what we can unblock to deliver more dental health services for local people?
We are always looking for opportunities to unblock more capacity, and I would be happy to meet the right hon.
Gentleman.
Coastal constituencies such as mine in Bournemouth East suffer significant health inequalities.
What are the Government doing to address them, and will the Minister meet me and coastal Labour MPs to address the issue?
My hon.
Friend is right: coastal communities face unique challenges when it comes to health inequalities.
I will shortly attend the all-party group for coastal communities, where I will meet him and colleagues to discuss these issues.
As the Secretary of State will know, in 2018, this House allocated £40 million of funding in memory of Dame Tessa Jowell, who was killed by a brain tumour.
Seven years on, less than half of that money has been spent.
The money is doing no  good sitting in a bank, so will the Secretary of State please commit to spending that money within a decade of Dame Tessa’s death?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his question, as it gives me the chance to pay tribute to the late great Baroness Jowell, as well as to the work taking place in her name through the Tessa Jowell Brain Cancer Mission.
There have been frustrating delays in getting funding out the door for the purpose for which it is intended.
Ministers are looking carefully at this issue, and we want to make more progress more quickly, to ensure that families do not receive the same death sentence that our late friend did.
That concludes Question Time.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Since  14 January , I have tabled 15 named day written parliamentary questions to the Department of Health and Social Care.
Fourteen have received a holding response, meaning that just one was answered on time.
To give a simple example, I asked how many times the Minister had met Community Pharmacy England.
Four days later, I received a standard holding answer, which stated that
“it will not be possible to answer this question within the usual time period.”
It then took five days for an answer to come, which stated:
“Ministers meet regularly with external stakeholders on a variety of topics, including, but not limited to, pharmacy.”
May I ask your advice, Mr Speaker?
What mechanisms are in place to ensure that named day questions are answered on time?
If they continue not to be answered on time, how can I escalate the matter further?
First, I am disappointed that questions are not being answered, but I am not responsible for ministerial answers.
I hope that those on the Treasury Bench, including the Secretary of State, have taken on board the importance of replying.
Named day questions are called that because they are meant to be answered on the day that is named.
I am very disappointed.
The Department may be overworked; if that is the case, perhaps we ought to bring in staff from other Departments to ensure that questions are answered on time.
I know that the Secretary of State will have immediately made a note to ensure that those questions are answered.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Home Secretary to make a statement on asylum hotels and illegal immigrants crossing the channel.
As the right hon.
Member is aware, the Home Office discharges its statutory duty to provide accommodation and to support destitute asylum seekers through seven asylum accommodation and support services contracts.