What more will Ministers be doing to really drive down waiting lists in my community and across the country?
As my hon.
Friend says, we have brought NHS waiting lists down five months in a row, including during the peak winter pressures.
We have delivered the 2 million more appointments we promised seven months early, and we published our elective reform plan at the beginning of the new year with the Prime Minister, which sets out the combination of measures, the investment and the reform that will ensure that we deliver the shorter waiting times and the faster access to treatment that my hon.
Friend’s constituents and people right across the country deserve.
I look forward to keeping him updated.
We are not going to get everyone in unless we pick up the pace.
The Liberal Democrat spokesperson will set a good example.
In last night’s “Panorama” programme, the Secretary of State was reported to have said that he did not need to wait for a review to put more money into social care, which we agree with.
If that is the case, will he explain why the Casey commission will take three years, and will he instead commit to getting it done this year in order to fix the social care crisis straightaway?
Phase 1 of the Casey commission reports next year and the final Casey report is due by 2028, but the Chancellor has already announced an increase in funding for social care in the Budget, through means that the hon.
Lady’s party regrettably seems to oppose.
It is impossible not to be inspired by my constituent Hayley and the bravery of her daughter, Lily, after Lily was diagnosed with an optic pathway glioma at the age of just one.
Hayley stepped back from work not just to look after Lily but to make sure she was able to campaign for change.
The Government’s commitment to a national cancer plan is welcome, but with brain tumours not typically being staged or screenable, how can we ensure that they are not overlooked as part of the plan’s development?
I commend my hon.
Friend’s constituent for her work with the Brain Tumour Charity, and I wish Lily well with her treatment.
The Government have launched the brain tumour research consortium, which will support efforts to speed up the diagnosis of tumours and aid the recovery of patients, and the national cancer plan will ensure that we include brain tumour patients.
We know that everyone’s cancer is as unique as they are, and this will be reflected in the plan.
In reviewing the NHS workforce plan, will Ministers urgently review the pay and status of registered nurses, who are, after all, the backbone of the NHS?
Many are now dependent on food banks, thousands are saddled with student debt, and most will expect never to rise beyond band 5, which is a maximum of £35,000 a year.
The Chancellor took almost immediate action to deliver the uplift in pay for NHS staff that they deserve.
We are working closely with the Royal College of Nursing, Unison and others ensure that we tackle the challenges of low pay in the nursing profession that the hon.
Member describes.
Since being elected, I have been contacted by a number of constituents registered with a GP in Scotland who find themselves unable to get medication for which they have a prescription while visiting England.
Will my hon.
Friend take steps to encourage NHS England and NHS Scotland to work together to find a solution that works for patients?
I am very sorry to hear about my hon.
Friend’s constituents’ experience.
Accessing vital medicines while travelling between nations should be seamless, and I will ask NHS England to work with NHS Scotland to better understand what needs to change to make things easier for patients across the UK.