Friend the Secretary of State about at least one of those constituency cases.
NHS England has asked mental health trusts to review the care of high-risk patients and has published national guidance on the standards of care that are expected.
Ultimately, the Mental Health Act is there to protect people and provide the necessary powers to enable clinicians to manage and support such patients—and to do so, where possible, in the community.
Yesterday I met Essex partnership university NHS foundation trust and spoke to it about the need to support the families of those suffering with mental health issues in Harlow, and particularly those with caring responsibilities.
Will the Minister consider how mental health services can better identify and support young carers?
My hon.
Friend will be aware that we are bringing forward the Mental Health Bill, and an important part of that legislation will enable family  members—when they are chosen as a nominated person—to have powers to request assessment under the Act, challenge decisions and request considerations of discharge in line with the nearest relative powers.
What steps he is taking to ensure special educational and disability needs are met by the NHS.
I commend my hon.
Friend for her dedication to improving support for children in her role as the opportunity mission champion.
Children with special educational needs and disabilities may access a range of NHS services, including health assessments and specialised support.
All integrated care boards must have an executive lead for SEND to ensure that that work receives sufficient focus.
We are working closely with the Department for Education on reforms to the SEND system.
As the Minister is aware, last year we faced the devastating closure of the Accrington Victoria hospital after 14 years of mismanagement by the Conservative party.
I place on record my thanks to the frontline staff who have managed that transition and the operational challenges to relocate services, but sadly a fully purposed building for children with SEND had to be used to relocate clinical services.
How does the Minister plan to ensure that those with SEND are at the heart of commissioning plans and service development?
The system we inherited has been failing to meet the needs of children with SEND for far too long—that became clear in what happened at the Accy Vic.
Through the 10-year health plan, we will consider all those policies, including those that impact on children and young people.
We are working closely with the Department for Education to support the delivery of the opportunity mission.
I also hosted a roundtable recently with children and young people, including those with SEND, so that they can feed directly into the 10-year plan.
They will be at the heart of our thinking and planning on these issues.
Mr Speaker, your heart would have been gladdened last week to see colleagues from across the House coming together to support my debate calling for the Down Syndrome Act 2022 to be implemented three years on.
The Minister for Secondary Care said in response that Down syndrome-specific guidance would be produced, which is welcome.
Will the Minister ensure that the consultation group is restricted to organisations that represent Down syndrome people only, and will she promise that, after three long years, that statutory guidance will finally be issued before the end of this calendar year?
Work to develop the Down Syndrome Act statutory guidance is being taken forward as a priority, with a view to publishing it for consultation by the summer.
It does involve people with Down syndrome, as part of a wider group.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Since I reported to the House on the Government’s plans to abolish NHS England, hammering the final nail into the coffin of Lord Lansley’s disastrous 2012 reorganisation, the reforms have been welcomed almost universally across Parliament—with the exception of Lord Lansley.