I know the hon.
Member is acutely aware of the impact that cancer can have on families.
We are committed to catching cancer earlier and treating it faster.
We have achieved our manifesto pledge of 2 million extra appointments seven months early and we have invested in more surgical hubs, longer opening times, which have benefited 23 community diagnostic centres in the south-west, and new radiotherapy machines.
The national cancer plan will also seek to improve every aspect of cancer care to improve patient outcomes and experiences across the country, including in the west of England.
I thank the Minister for her answer.
The Big Space Cancer Appeal being run by the Cheltenham and Gloucester Hospitals Charity is going on in my constituency.
It is having to raise £17.5 million for a new cancer centre at Cheltenham general hospital, which is a regional cancer centre, because the previous Government  did not fund it.
I am proud of the fund-raising work that is being done by the hospitals charity, including by my caseworker, Mateusz, who is running two half marathons for the cause.
Will the Minister meet me and Dr Sam Guglani and Dr Charles Candish to discuss how the Government might provide more support for this crucial piece of infrastructure?
I commend the hon.
Member’s campaign activity for improved cancer facilities.
I commend, too, Mateusz’s two half-marathons.
I wonder when the hon.
Member will be doing his half-marathon, but I can guarantee that I will not be joining him.
The fact that this sort of activity is taking place is fantastic.
Local provision for healthcare is managed by the local health system.
I would be delighted to meet him and local representatives as soon as diaries allow.
Cancer care is important for people right across the UK, particularly early diagnosis.
How do the Government plan to raise cancer awareness among young people during Teenage and Young Adult Cancer Awareness Month and ensure that they are fully aware of the signs and symptoms?
This is a really important issue.
We have reinstated the children and young people cancer taskforce, which I visited a couple of weeks ago.
We have tasked it with ensuring that children and young people are a part of its work.
The Department will be marking Teenage and Young Adult Cancer Awareness Month appropriately.
We encourage all children and young people to get the checks that they need and be aware of cancer symptoms.
What steps his Department is taking to help tackle inequalities in nursing career progression.
I know that this subject is very close to my hon.
Friend’s heart, after many years of NHS service.
Ensuring great careers for NHS staff, including nurses, has been a key theme of our engagement with staff to shape the 10-year plan.
I will shortly set out further measures to improve progression for nurses and their colleagues in other key NHS professions.
I thank the Minister for her answer.
Nurses across the profession are increasingly taking on complex roles and responsibilities, yet many do not have access to higher pay bands that reflect these changes, and there is too much variation around the country.
As well as looking at this, will the Minister ask the Department of Health and Social Care to implement a consistent model for supported, structured progression from band 5 to band 6 for early career nurses based on the completion of key competencies and the acquisition of necessary experience?
My hon.
Friend is right that NHS staff, including nurses, should be paid appropriately for the work they are asked to do and will be asked to do in future.
We are working with the NHS Staff Council to ensure that the national job evaluation scheme is implemented fairly and consistently across nursing and all professions.
My constituent Ben has spent two decades working as a nurse.