To pick dates at random, the share of asylum applications that received an initial decision within six months fell from 83% in the second quarter of 2015 to just 6% towards the end of the last Government’s time in office.
When does the Minister think that the processing of applications will speed up so that the backlog will come down, communities such as mine will get the use of their hotels back and those granted refugee status can integrate and contribute to our economy?
I certainly agree with the hon.
Lady that the shadow Home Secretary sounds like a broken record; we are well used to him running that argument in this place.
I also agree that the key to dealing with hotels is to get the system back up and running from the chaos that it was in.
I can tell the hon.
Lady that asylum processing at first decision has ramped up considerably and we are getting through the backlog we inherited, but there is also a huge backlog by definition in the appeals system, partly caused by the legacy appeal—the dash to end the legacy system ahead of the fantasy Rwanda scheme beginning—which has led to a big backlog in appeals.
We are looking to see what we can do about that, because it is important that we get a fast and fair system from end to end, and that includes appeals.
Because the previous Government lost complete control of our borders, the Leyland hotel in my constituency of South Ribble was closed down three years ago—yes, three years ago—and used for asylum seekers.
There is a chronic undersupply of hotels in South Ribble, Chorley, Preston and central Lancashire.
Can Ministers provide any indication at all of when the hotel will cease to be used as an asylum hotel?
I am asked that question every single week.
I want to get out of hotels as quickly as is feasible.
I will not name particular dates, because that is a pointless thing to do.
We have to get through the appeals system and the first asylum processing system so that we can move people through the system much more quickly.
We also need to continue our work on ramping up returns, which have seen a huge increase—the highest figures for the last five years—and we intend to continue with that process.
I call the Chair of the Home Affairs Committee.
The media are reporting that the earliest the contract can be broken is September next year.
Can the Minister confirm whether that is the case?
What liability does the taxpayer have for a contract ending today that we cannot get out of until September next year?
The right hon.
Lady is talking about the prime contractor, which in this case is Clearsprings Ready Homes.
As with the other two contractors, the break clauses are with it.
We have approval or not of sub-prime contractors.
Stay Belvedere Hotels Ltd is a sub-prime contractor, and as the Home Office we have withdrawn our approval for it to be in the supply chain.
The shadow Home Secretary has a nerve to come to this House and make that argument when we in the communities saw the damage that the contract he managed did to the public purse.
Shall we revisit some of those greatest hits?
His contract put councils and Clearsprings against each other, pushing up prices and making it impossible for local communities to help those housed there.
He caused absolute chaos.
I have in my hand one of the letters that the hon.
Gentleman’s Government were presenting to people who were refugees, giving them less than five days’ notice of where they were being moved, meaning that school places had to be hastily reorganised and children had to be hastily re-clothed because of the decisions he made on public funds.
Absolutely no savings were made in the way in which he managed the contracts.
Will my hon.