What recent discussions he has had with Transport for London on the refurbishment of Gallows Corner flyover.
I am pleased to say that the Gallows Corner scheme was recently approved at outline business case stage, with over £50 million-worth of backing from the Department for Transport.
My officials are liaising with Transport for London to progress the scheme to the next stage of the process, and I look forward to TfL submitting the final business case for approval.
I thank the Minister for his announcement of the funding for a makeover of Gallows Corner flyover, but I fear that we must do better.
This is a major junction connecting the eastern side of Greater London with Essex, and it is where the A12 and the A127 join together.
My constituents in Romford, and those of the wider Essex region, will be disappointed that we are not getting a fundamental restructuring of the junction to address the safety and congestion issues that I have highlighted for decades.
Will he speak to Transport for London, go back to the drawing board, and come back with something better and more permanent that will put the safety of road users first?
I will certainly go away and write to my hon.
Friend on his specific point, but I reassure him that we are spending over £50 million to improve that particular junction.
If my hon.
Friend has concerns about the scope of the works, I urge him to take them up with TfL, because it is for TfL to develop the full business case.
It is then submitted to the Department for approval, which we hope will happen later this year.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to prevent the use of fire and rehire practices in the transport industry.
The Government recently published a statutory code of practice on dismissal and re-engagement.
The code will address the practice of fire and rehire, aiming to ensure that it is only ever used as a last resort, and that employees are properly consulted and treated fairly.
The TUC has found that since 2020 about 10% of all workers have had to reapply for their job.
And let us remember that in 2020 British Airways tried to sack 36,000 staff through fire and rehire, which was stopped only through strike action—the Government took no action.
In 2021, Go North West in Manchester threatened the same and, again, industrial action stopped it happening—the Government took no action.
In 2022, infamously, P&O Ferries unlawfully sacked 786 staff before replacing them with agency staff—the Government took no action.
I implore the Government to outlaw this practice.
Rather than just bringing in a code of best practice, they should be taking action to protect British workers.
After the P&O incident, in which workers were indeed treated totally unacceptably, we introduced a whole range of measures set out in our nine-point charter, including the Seafarers Wages Act 2023, which will come into force this summer.
We launched the seafarers charter, to which P&O has now committed, which I very much welcome.
The code of practice on dismissal and re-engagement, which will come in before the summer recess, will give workers up to 25% extra compensation if their employers do not abide by it.
I call the shadow Minister.
The UK minimum wage is £11.44 an hour, but last week, here in Parliament, Peter Hebblethwaite, the chief executive officer of P&O, admitted that it paid seafarers £4.87 an hour.
This has been an awful breach of trust.
What more will the Minister do to stop companies acting like modern-day pirates of the high seas when it comes to fire and rehire?
As I mentioned in my previous answer, many of P&O’s practices have indeed been totally unacceptable, including on minimum wage issues.
That is why we introduced the Seafarers Wages Act, which will ensure that seafarers operating on regular services in UK waters get the minimum wage.