It is now exactly four months since the Avanti management were caught laughing at the Government —they are not on their own.
They were laughing because they see the performance payments that the Government hand out to them as free money and a joke.
When will the Secretary of State take the smile off the faces of the appalling Avanti management by finishing their contract?
When that incident occurred, the Secretary of State and I made it clear to the teams at Avanti and FirstGroup that that was not acceptable, and their senior management agreed.
It was crass and it was wrong.
We often talk about Avanti’s performance.
The overtime agreement had been withdrawn by ASLEF, which caused the start of the difficulties, but it has since been put back in place.
When I looked at the data for the first week of May, there were pretty much 0% cancellations from Avanti induced incidents.
Matters are getting better and, where they are better, we should applaud the staff.
The condition of local roads is the No.
1 concern raised with me by Aylesbury residents, whether that is potholes, congestion caused by countless utility works, or simply not enough roads to cope with all the new houses that have been built.
Will my hon.
Friend reassure local residents that it is under this Conservative Government and our excellent local Conservative council that Aylesbury’s roads will improve for my long-suffering constituents?
I recently met the council leader, Martin Tett, who is doing a fantastic job, aided by record investment by this Government of £8.3 billion for road resurfacing and our street works consultation, which will crack down on utility organisations and ensure that they work much faster and much better.
We are also giving extra funding on an ongoing basis.
Every day that Hammersmith bridge remains closed is a reminder that this Government cannot be trusted to fix even the most basic problems.
Do the Conservative Government have any intention of keeping the promise they made in 2019 and fixing Hammersmith bridge?
The bridge is owned by the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham, which is not a Conservative borough, so I will correct the record there.
There are two phases of work: stabilisation to ensure permanent access for pedestrians, cyclists and river traffic—despite not being the owner, the Government have put money into that—and strengthening.
We will do everything we can to work with the owners of the bridge to make that happen.
Junction 10A on the A14 is a crucial piece of future roads infrastructure to support Kettering’s housing expansion.
Should North Northamptonshire Council  approve the relevant planning application this coming Monday, will my hon.
Friend the roads Minister reconfirm his commitment to give the proper direction this project needs to proceed at pace, to visit the site with me and to arrange for me to meet with National Highways to ensure progress?
Yes, yes and yes.
Blackpool is experiencing the scourge of unlicensed taxis in our treasured seaside resort.
Uber and similar companies, which have no operating licence in Blackpool, are allowing passengers to use their unlicensed taxis uninsured, creating a real public safety risk.
These unlicensed taxis are parking in local ranks illegally, taking fares from our hard-working, rule-abiding Blackpool taxi drivers.
What is the Minister doing to tackle these unlicensed drivers, and will he meet me to discuss this issue in my constituency?
May I first welcome the hon.
Gentleman to his place?
He is a worthy winner and I am delighted to see him in the House.
I wish him good fortune.
The Government have published updated taxi and private hire vehicle best practice guidance for licensing authorities in England.
I will write to the hon.
Gentleman in detail and set out the particular points, and then we will see whether a meeting is required thereafter.
In Horsham we have a significant problem with car racing on specific stretches of road.
Does my right hon.