Lancashire County Council will get £494 million over seven years, starting next year.
I suggest he continues the conversation we have had to urge the council to look at developing that scheme.
We will be publishing guidance encouraging it to do that, working with Members of Parliament in the very near future.
You can think of Coppull station.
When will the Secretary of State improve on the timetable at the time of Gladstone?
I am not entirely certain—the Rail Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bexhill and Battle (Huw Merriman)  set out clearly the improved performance that we have seen this year.
We are clear that we are integrating track and train with our rail reform that is being scrutinised in the House, and that will improve things.
We have recently reorganised the Department, bringing in Alex Hynes to link that together.
That is how we deliver improved performance.
We have set out those plans clearly.
Legislation before this House is being scrutinised by the Select Committee of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Milton Keynes South (Iain Stewart) .
We look forward to its report, which I understand we will get before the summer recess, to take those plans forward.
We welcome the £494 million in Lancashire, as you will in Chorley, Mr Speaker.
We have also been having discussions about what we want to see with that funding, whether that is at the Hare and Hounds junction in Clayton or just fixing potholes across the constituencies.
One of the important things in Hyndburn and Haslingden is making sure that our train stations are accessible for everybody.
We currently have a few bids in, including Church & Oswaldtwistle and Rishton.
Will the Secretary of State look favourably upon those bids?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for welcoming the money that will go to her local authority.
We will make it clear in the guidance, which I hope will be welcome to you as well, Mr Speaker, that local authorities should very much involve their Members of Parliament in discussing those priorities.
I hope that every Member in the north and the midlands where local authorises are getting those funds will take advantage of that.
On my hon.
Friend’s specific point about accessibility and our Access for All programme, as she knows, a number of bids were made and they are currently being scrutinised.
I hope that, in the near future, we will be able to set out which ones will be funded.
I urge her to wait for that announcement.
I wish her good luck.
Obviously, I cannot prejudge that process, but I hope that she is successful.
Will the Secretary of State explain why train fares have risen almost twice as fast as wages since 2010?
The hon.
Lady will know that over the last two years the Government have made significant interventions to keep rail fares rising no faster than the rise in people’s wages.
She also knows that we have to balance the farebox against the taxpayer.
She will know that, because of the pandemic, the taxpayer has put in £31 billion over a couple of years to protect the rail industry.
Passenger figures have not yet recovered to  their numbers beforehand.
That is why it is important that, as soon as we can, we get rail companies on contracts that incentivise them to drive up the number of passengers using the service, which is how we will reduce the call on the taxpayer and enable fares to be kept competitive.
What recent progress he has made on the East West Rail project.
For connection stage one of East West Rail.
I was pleased to attend an event in March to mark the completion of work on the final section of track connecting Bicester and Bletchley, with services expected to commence next year.