I will leave it at that.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps he is taking to help improve the reliability of rail services for passengers.
What steps he is taking to help improve the reliability of rail services for passengers.
Performance varies across the network and is dependent on both reliable infrastructure and strong operator performance.
Where we have both, as on Greater Anglia, passengers enjoy great performance, and I am clear that this is a standard for all operators to achieve, working with their Network Rail route counterparts.
I regularly meet Network Rail and train operators to encourage greater collaboration on day-to-day performance, including convening a rail industry summit in March.
With fares up and cancellations at a record high, rail passengers are crying out for change.
In my patch, Reddish South and Denton stations are served by just one train a week.
I would like a train service that meets our needs, but the Minister seems to have put rail reform on the back burner.
Is that because he cannot deliver, or he thinks Labour will?
The hon.
Member is completely wrong.
The pre-legislative scrutiny of the draft Rail Reform Bill is being done right now by the Transport Committee.
I think I am the final witness to appear before the Committee next week, so that it can, I hope, report in July.
Contrast that with the passenger-in-chief approach of meddling with the railways and indeed of a resource-led timetable to fit the existing staff, and I think it is quite clear that it is the Conservatives who want to improve the rail system.
Summer has arrived and tens of thousands of visitors will be heading to Chester and north Wales, and cross-border connectivity is essential.
I remind the Minister of his Government’s cast-iron commitment, made in October, to electrify the north Wales main line.
When will the north Wales main line actually receive an allocation of real money so it can start work on the electrification of the line?
The hon.
Member is absolutely correct that the Prime Minister’s Network North commitment means over £36 billion of former HS2 money is being put into other projects, chiefly in the north and the midlands.
The electrification of the north Wales main line is one of those, and it is something I am determined we will deliver.
We are taking steps in allocating project  time and resource so that we can advance such projects, but bear in mind that the HS2 spend was for up to 2043, so it will not all come at once.
I call the Chair of the Transport Committee.
Is it the case that train operating companies stand ready to invest significantly to improve passenger journeys, but a disincentive is the break clause in current contracts?
Ahead of wider reforms that the Transport Committee is scrutinising at the moment, may I urge the Minister to review those break clause arrangements and incentivise that investment now?
This is the folly of Labour’s nationalisation plan, because the best performing operator in terms of punctuality is Greater Anglia, and that one has the option that is coming up.
The Labour party, if it makes it into government, would take away the contract from the operator that has the best performance, showing that it is all about dogma and not about best common sense.
I firmly believe that where operators can deliver more for passengers, and indeed for their workforce, by having more certainty, there is certainly a case to be made for looking at those contract terms and giving them longer.
My hon.
Friend knows that after decades of closure, Kenilworth station has been reopened by a Conservative Government and a Conservative county council.
However, the reliability, indeed the variety of services through that station, would be significantly improved by double tracking the line between Leamington and Coventry.