My hon.
Friend knows that after decades of closure, Kenilworth station has been reopened by a Conservative Government and a Conservative county council.
However, the reliability, indeed the variety of services through that station, would be significantly improved by double tracking the line between Leamington and Coventry.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for the time he has already given me on this issue, but will my hon.
Friend do all he can to bring about that improvement, which will benefit not just my constituents, but also provide connectivity options that the northern leg of High Speed 2 no longer will?
My right hon.
and learned Friend has been a champion of that project, and as he mentioned he met the Secretary of State to discuss it.
HS2 is making provision for the project to occur should funding be available, and the new local transport fund makes funds available for those parts where HS2 would previously have been delivered.
There is now a great opportunity for my right hon.
and learned Friend’s transport authority to fund the project that he has championed for so long.
I call the shadow Minister.
In the five years since the Government first admitted that reform of our railways was needed, passenger services have gone from bad to worse, with a train now cancelled every 90 seconds—the worse statistics on record.
With the Transport Secretary openly admitting that any reforms this side of an election are unlikely, does the Minister understand why passengers have given up on this Government doing anything to improve their rail experience?
I do not agree with that assertion.
Post privatisation—nationalisation would reverse this—passenger numbers have doubled, and £100 billion has been invested in the railways by this Government since 2010.
We look at performance, which of course we want to get better, but in March for example, 70% of trains were running to time, with 2.9% of cancellations.
The two biggest cancellation failures during March were one trespass and one suicide, and the trespass alone caused 286 cancellations.
Yes, there is more we need to do, but the Opposition Front-Bench team would have a lot more credibility if they recognised performance indicators and what parts we need to deliver, rather than just chucking dogma about nationalisation, which is a tired, failed old policy.
Whether his Department provides grants for the provision of training for D1 licences.
Although we do not provide direct funding for drivers to obtain D1 licences, the Department makes available more than £3 million a year through the bus service operators grant to community transport operators in England, which are predominantly charities operating vehicles that require D1 licences.
They receive £1.60 for every £1 claimed, reflecting the increased costs faced by the sector, and supporting them to continue delivering inclusive and accessible transport across the country.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
In Scotland, as across the rest of the UK, there has been a shortage of minibus drivers, with Brexit and the legacy of covid fuelling a crippling shortage of bus drivers.
Passenger-carrying vehicle drivers can pursue careers in various fields, including public transport, tour and travel companies, school transportation and private charter services.
What more can the Government do to incentivise such training?
The hon.
Gentleman might not be aware of the recent consultation to reduce the age requirement for bus and HGV drivers from 21 to 18, and I encourage him to speak to the Department for Work and Pensions.
We are working closely with the relevant Ministers at DWP to have sector-based work academies and skills boot camps, to encourage greater participation by drivers.
If he will fund exploratory rail studies on passenger numbers through the local transport fund.
The local transport fund is a £4.7 billion fund that has been allocated to local authorities in the north and midlands to fund a wide range of transport measures.