I have just highlighted, in relation to the Deputy Foreign Secretary’s visit, the sheer horror and misery being wrought on these innocent people across the area, which is absolutely beyond words.
As I say, there are now very clear signs of ethnic cleansing and appalling humanitarian abuses.
We are providing support for the gathering of evidence, and we will continue to try to support those gathering information on the ground —be they NGOs or civilians—to make sure that those who are committing the atrocities will be held to account.
As I understand it, previous regional efforts to agree on the deployment of a peace- keeping force in Sudan were rebuffed last year, but I find it incredibly hard to see how ever-escalating atrocity and indeed catastrophe can be avoided without one.
Is that even on the agenda now, because otherwise it seems to me we are talking here not so much about atrocity prevention as about atrocity monitoring?
As I say, we have continued to raise this at recent meetings of the UN Security Council, and decisions on how to move forward to provide protection for innocent people will be taken with international partners.
With thousands of women being killed in this war, the catastrophic humanitarian crisis particularly impacting women and the fact that women comprise over 70% of the internally displaced people in Sudan, what measures are the Government taking to protect women in El Fasher?
The hon.
Lady raises a really important point about an incredibly worrying situation.
Women and girls are at particular risk of a significant escalation in gender-based violence.
In July last year, the UK and 15 of other members of the international alliance on preventing sexual violence in conflict published a statement urging all parties to prevent violence, particularly sexual violence, and to ensure immediate humanitarian access.
This issue continues to be at the front of the Deputy Foreign Secretary’s mind and of the minds of all of our team, and we have pivoted our bilateral programme delivery to ensure that women and girls are at the heart of the support we are providing.
I thank the Minister for answering the urgent question.
Will the Leader of the House give us the forthcoming business?
The business for the week commencing  20 May  will include:
Monday 20 May —General debate on Ukraine.
Tuesday 21 May —Consideration of Lords message on the Digital Markets, Competition and Consumers Bill, followed by a motion to approve the draft Scotland Act 1998 (Increase of Borrowing Limits) Order 2024, followed by a motion relating to the High Speed Rail (Crewe – Manchester) Bill.
Wednesday 22 May —Motion to approve the draft Counter-Terrorism and Security Act 2015 (Risk of Being Drawn into Terrorism) (Revised Guidance) Regulations 2024, followed by a motion to approve the draft Licensing Act 2003 (UEFA European Football Championship Licensing Hours) Order 2024, followed by consideration in Committee and remaining stages of the Holocaust Memorial Bill.
Thursday 23 May —General debate on UK arms exports to Israel, followed by a general debate on potholes and highway maintenance.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
The House will rise for the Whitsun recess at the conclusion of business on  Thursday 23 May  and return on  Monday 3 June .
The provisional business for the week commencing  3 June  includes:
Monday 3 June —General debate, subject to be confirmed.
Tuesday 4 June —Remaining stages of the Criminal Justice Bill (day 2).
Wednesday 5 June —Opposition day (6th allotted day).
Debate on a motion in the name of the official Opposition —subject to be announced.
Thursday 6 June —Business to be determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 7 June —Private Members’ Bills.
May I join Mr Speaker in thanking the Speaker’s Chaplain, the Rev. Canon Patricia Hillas, for all her wise counsel and support through some difficult and celebratory moments in her time as Chaplain?
We all wish her well on her elevation.