A local authority survey says that the roads are in their worst condition for 28 years, and AA call-outs are at a five-year high.
How can the Secretary of State possibly say that he is on the side of drivers when the roads are in such a terrible condition?
The hon.
Lady has just demonstrated why our decision to allocate a very significant and unprecedented increase in spending to improving local highway maintenance is exactly the right thing to do.
I have noticed that my local authority is busy resurfacing roads across my constituency and the rest of Gloucestershire.
The money we are providing will enable every local authority to do that over the coming decade.
I call the shadow Minister.
At the last Transport questions, the Secretary of State suggested that drivers know what they are getting with a Conservative Government.
Well, drivers know one thing they are getting from this Government: more potholes—a hundred times as many as there are craters on the moon.
In 2023, RAC patrols attended 33% more breakdowns related to poor road maintenance than in 2022, and AA call-outs were at a five-year high.
The road repairs backlog has gone up to an eye-watering £16.3 billion, which is far greater than his allocation of money from scrapping the northern leg of HS2.
Is it not abundantly clear to drivers, and to everyone else, that it will take the election of a Labour Government to fix Britain’s roads, just as it will take the election of a Labour Government to fix Britain?
I am delighted that the hon.
Gentleman has asked that question, because we have set out our plan very carefully.
There is £8.3 billion of extra money to improve the quality of local roads.
The Labour party has not backed that plan and has not committed a single penny of money to local roads, so the choice is clear: if people vote Conservative, they get £8.3 billion spent on roads; if they vote Labour, they get none.
What recent discussions he has had with Network Rail on the timeline for introducing bi-mode trains on the midland main line.
A monthly meeting is held with Network Rail and East Midlands Railway to discuss the introduction of the new bi-mode trains.
Those meetings include notification of the latest delivery timescales that Hitachi has provided to the operator, and an update on mobilisation plans and related infrastructure upgrades.
The aim is for the new trains to be phased into passenger service throughout 2025.
I welcome the phased introduction of the bi-mode Class 810 Aurora trains on the midland main line through Kettering next year.
Can my hon.
Friend the Rail Minister confirm that the new trains will be faster, quieter and more environmentally friendly than the current inter-city fleet, and that they will have more seats and luggage space, and better mobile phone signal reception?
I can confirm to my hon.
Friend that these fantastic new trains will be not only faster but quieter and more environmentally friendly, as they will be able to take advantage of the increasing extent of electrification that we are delivering on the midland main line.
They will have 19% more seats per five-car train, and they are designed for greater comfort and more luggage space.
Bearing in mind that my hon.
Friend is one of the hardest-working MPs for his constituents, he and they will be delighted that there will be enhanced wi-fi and mobile phone reception, making his productivity even greater.
What recent discussions he has had with Transport for London on the refurbishment of Gallows Corner flyover.
I am pleased to say that the Gallows Corner scheme was recently approved at outline business case stage, with over £50 million-worth of backing from the Department for Transport.
My officials are liaising with Transport for London to progress the scheme to the next stage of the process, and I look forward to TfL submitting the final business case for approval.