I have recently been contacted by constituents about the imminent closure of the Hall, a small community space in East Village, Stratford—one of very few in the area.
As we know, such spaces are absolutely invaluable.
Ours hosts loads of events, including meetings of the Brownies and the Girl Guides.
I am making representations to Get Living, the developer responsible for that decision.
It has, frankly, been responsible for a whole bunch of questionable decisions over recent years, including during the cladding scandal and on exorbitant service changes.
Can we have a debate in Government time on how the actions of developers have undermined the Olympic legacy and failed local residents?
We have seen many injustices debated in this House.
Just today, we have seen the injustice of the WASPI women.
In recent weeks, we have spoken about the infected blood scandal and, more recently, the Post Office scandal.
Tonight, we are going to debate another scandal: the mineworkers’ pension scheme scandal.
Some 25% of the United Kingdom is on top of old coalmines, so I had hoped that 25% of this Chamber would be full tonight, but it is not.
Maybe there are a few reasons for that.
The issue has been debated a lot in this place, both before and since I came into Parliament, so maybe certain MPs are getting a bit fed up of saying the same old thing, but we will keep trying.
I started in the pits in the mid-1980s.
I went to work at Sutton colliery, in north Nottinghamshire, with my dad Paul Anderson.
He was a rope fitter, and I went to work with him underground.
I had a good time working with my dad and my friends at Sutton colliery, which was a family pit.
It was a small coalmine with small coal seams and difficult conditions.
It was a family pit where brothers worked with their brothers, dads and grandads.
It was a proper community, but like all coalmines, there was tragedy underground.
At Sutton colliery in 1957, there was a methane explosion and, sadly, five men lost their lives.
I knew some of the friends, families and descendants of the people who died.
I then went on to Cresswell colliery, in north Derbyshire, to do my coalface training.
It was another family pit where, again, men worked with their sons, and brothers worked with their brothers, and it too was tinged with tragedy.
In 1950, there was a fire at Cresswell colliery and, sadly, 83 men and boys lost their lives.
The mine rescuers had to seal the pit off underground to save the colliery, so that it could produce coal again.
They sealed off some of the old workings and left the men inbye, because there was no chance of saving them, but when they took the stops down just a few months later, the men were on the other side.
Some of them had scratched their names into the wall.
It was terrible, and this sort of thing is hard to explain to people who have not worked down a coalmine.
It was a very tight-knit community, and people worked in difficult conditions.
I had just over 10 years of working in awful conditions, but my grandad Charlie had 45 years down the coalmine and finished up at Norton Hill colliery.
It would have been 50 years, but he took a break between 1940 and 1945, and went to fight Hitler.
Then he came back and went straight back down the pit the following week.
When he finished in the pits in 1979, he got a tankard,  a certificate, 500 quid and a meagre pension— imagine that.
As miners, we knew about the risks underground when we went down the pit every day.
Since mining started in this country in the 1600s, over 160,000 men, women and children have died in the coalmines, so we knew the risks.