Extended drinking hours for the Euros are welcome, but that does not need to be considered on the Floor of the House.
Is that because the Government have more handling concerns and they are worried about defeats on the Criminal Justice Bill, or is it because, even during the Euros, they could not organise a booze-up in a brewery?
Will the Leader of the House assure the House that any further amendments or programming changes for day two will be published in good time?
The future business is yet again so light that it is almost laughable, but it is actually not that funny.
The country faces huge headwinds.
Families are in a cost of living crisis, millions linger on NHS waiting lists and communities are beset by problems, yet the Government of the day seem to have nothing they want to change, nothing they are in a hurry to sort out and nothing to bring to this House.
These could, we hope, be the last few months that the Conservatives are in power for some years.
Do they really have nothing they want to do with it?
If they have nothing that they want to use their parliamentary majority for, why are they even bothering to hold on to it?
I assume that the hon.
Lady will have informed the Member whom she referred to that she was going to do so?
I did.
Excellent.
First, may I send my good wishes for a full and speedy recovery to Prime Minister Fico following the horrific attempt on his life?
I echo the comments from the hon.
Lady regarding the Speaker’s Chaplain and wish her well on her next chapter.
I thank Mr Speaker for his statement this morning, which was very helpful.
I also thank Anthony Wickins and his colleagues for coming to Parliament this week to promote and help us all understand the importance of dementia support in this important week.
I join the hon.
Lady in thanking not just the two lead Members, but all Members who helped to bring forward the important report on birth trauma, which has had a huge response across the country.
I know that not just the Prime Minister and Ministers on the Front Bench, but many organisations concerned with the care of mums-to-be and new mums are taking this report seriously.
I hope it will do much good on this important matter.
The hon.
Lady mentioned my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lewes (Maria Caulfield) , and I am sorry that she made those comments and implied that my hon.
Friend has antisemitic views.
That is quite wrong, and I am afraid it is a pattern of behaviour of inciting unpleasant things.
We have seen it this week following Monday’s vote, which has led to the statement that Mr Speaker had to make.
I am pleased that we brought that motion forward, with the work that the Commission did and that we now have a scheme in place.
I am sorry that all Members did not have an opportunity to vote on that final motion, and I am sorry that one result of the debate is that our environment has become less safe for certain Members—ironically, female Members of Parliament —following some of the actions since that debate.
The hon.
Lady talks about the Criminal Justice Bill.
She will understand that it is normal for the Government to talk to people proposing amendments before a Bill comes back, but that does not mean work is not being done on the Bill.
The Bill deals with complex issues, and Members will of course be given a good opportunity to have oversight on any amendments or changes being brought forward.
The hon.
Lady talks about business being light.
I just remind her that in this short final Session of this Parliament, we have already introduced more Bills than Labour’s last four Sessions in office by a considerable margin.