If he will have discussions with (a) Airbus and (b) Boeing on air safety.
Both I and departmental officials engage proactively with industry, including Boeing, Airbus and other manufacturers, on aviation safety.
The Civil  Aviation Authority, the independent safety regulator for the aviation sector, also engages regularly across the industry.
I should point out that we have some of the safest skies in the world.
The fatal accident rate of UK airlines is among the lowest in Europe and the world.
We have not had a single fatal accident involving commercial passenger airplanes for more than 29 years.
I am determined that that safety record will continue.
The Minister might know that I am the chair of a manufacturing group for Members of Parliament.
Airbus, Rolls-Royce and Boeing are amazing manufacturers at the heart of our manufacturing economy, but does he agree that we must sort out the problems that seem to have occurred in the manufacture of Boeing’s 737 MAX?
Does he agree that the faster our regulators work with American regulators to sort this out, the better for British jobs and British innovation?
I absolutely agree with the hon.
Member that they are amazing companies with huge operations in the UK and enviable safety records.
Not one of the 171 Boeing 737 MAX 9s operating globally operates in the UK or from the UK, so there was no need to ground them.
The Department for Transport liaises closely with American authorities.
The CAA follows very closely the work of the US Federal Aviation Administration to ensure that safety standards remain as high as possible.
What recent discussions he has had with helicopter search and rescue operators on the adequacy of response times.
The right hon.
Member will be aware that the Maritime and Coastguard Agency is conducting an analysis of recent incident data to examine whether the demand for the search and rescue helicopter service has changed since the launch of the UK’s second generation search and rescue aviation procurement.
It is expected to be published by the end of 2024.
I have had no recent discussions on this point, as the review is ongoing.
I thank the Minister for his answer—he seems to be aware of the situation—but a new threat to search and rescue response times is emerging, namely the poor and deteriorating industrial relations between Bristow’s management and its staff.
As we speak, members of the British Airline Pilots’ Association who work in SAR cohort 2 are on strike, having been driven to it by a management who are playing negotiating hardball on salary and on terms and conditions.
Will the Minister call in the management and make it clear to them that, as the customer, the Government expect them to treat their search and rescue staff with the respect and consideration that their skill and bravery deserve?
I know how important search and rescue services are in the right hon.
Gentleman’s constituency, and he has been a great champion for them.
Good industrial relations are clearly vital to ensuring that they operate effectively, and I am sure that the MCA will keep that in mind during its review.
I should add that just this morning, I agreed to meet the management of Bristow.
What funding his Department is providing for road resurfacing.
What funding his Department is providing for road resurfacing.
The Government are firmly on the side of drivers, which is why we are using funding reallocated from the HS2 programme to improve the condition of the country’s local highways network.
Our record funding increase of £8.3 billion for local highways maintenance in England over the next decade will enable highways authorities to resurface roads and fix thousands of potholes across the country.
The Secretary of State and his Ministers are well aware of my campaign for the removal of the concrete surface of the A180.