Does he share my concern about that, and what can he do about it?
Data from mystery shoppers, as the hon.
Gentleman calls them, cannot be used unless those individuals have the disabilities that they claim to, but there are wider mystery shopping experiences that are undertaken.
I will happily write to him—in fact, I will meet him, seeing as he is such a great man—and take him through the steps that are taken into account.
I also thank him very much for doing what he always does, which is raising that matter with me last night, so that we could discuss it in advance.
The reopening of Aldridge train station will finally give my constituents the railway service that they badly need and deserve.
I wish to place on record my thanks to the Minister’s Department, the Government, former Mayor Andy Street and the West Midlands Combined Authority for their support in securing funding for the project through the city region sustainable transport settlement.
Will my hon.
Friend help me to continue to nudge Network Rail and others to progress this to completion in 2027?
Yes.
It is a brilliant £30 million project, with 40 car parking spaces, which my right hon.
Friend has been instrumental in making happen.
I will,  I hope, meet the new Mayor, whom I congratulate, to ensure that he delivers the project for 2027, as the fantastic Andy Street promised.
More people are killed by cows and lightning than by dangerous cyclists, whereas around five people a day are killed on our roads by motor vehicles—a level that has flatlined under this Government.
When will the Transport Secretary publish the long-overdue strategic framework for road safety?
The Secretary of State took a decision on road safety yesterday, so clearly we are addressing all these matters on an ongoing basis.
I addressed the issue in a Westminster Hall debate recently, but I will write to the hon.
Member with more detail.
The Labour Mayor of South Yorkshire has been given colossal sums of money by this Government.
Sadly, it appears that he chooses to spend it on Sheffield supertrams and Sheffield’s transport infrastructure, not Doncaster’s.
Will the Minister send a clear message to him that he should spend this money not only wisely, but across the combined authority, not just in Sheffield?
It is obviously up to mayors to decide how to spend the money, but I would expect them to spend it fairly across the entire region that they represent.
Given that fantastic Members of Parliament such as my hon.
Friend will hold them to account, voters in his constituency and across the combined authority area will hopefully make the right decision, when they get the chance.
New evidence shows that Ofgem’s targeted charging review has led to significant increases in public electric vehicle charger standing charge rates, which are passed on to the consumer.
In one site in northern Scotland, costs have increased from £315 to £809 per day.
What will the Minister do to regulate the cost of electric vehicle charging nationally?
I am the Minister responsible for electrical vehicles.
The cost of charging is a concern to many EV drivers.
On standing charges for charge point operators, I met with the chief executive of Ofgem, the regulator, earlier this week to discuss that exact issue.
It is one of the things that Ofgem is looking at.
How is the Minister working to improve the supply of rolling stock orders, to give customers a better experience, and importantly, to give companies such as Hitachi orders to bid for?
As an example, just yesterday an invitation to negotiate was sent out by Southeastern to five train manufacturers, one of which is Hitachi, which is so well supported and championed by my hon.
Friend.
We have plans over the coming years for 2,000 rolling   stock orders, worth a total of £3.6 billion.