As an example, just yesterday an invitation to negotiate was sent out by Southeastern to five train manufacturers, one of which is Hitachi, which is so well supported and championed by my hon.
Friend.
We have plans over the coming years for 2,000 rolling   stock orders, worth a total of £3.6 billion.
I hope that, with our support, the benefits for train manufacturing supply chains will continue.
Road safety organisations and driving instructors are concerned to ensure that young drivers have some experience of night driving.
Does the Minister intend to ensure that night driving becomes part of the test?
The hon.
Gentleman knows that the test has got more difficult and onerous for individuals; we have made it much harder to pass in the first place.
We look at all aspects of post-test passing on an ongoing basis, but I will take the matter up with him personally.
I was grateful to the roads Minister for his commitment in an earlier answer to working with us in Buckinghamshire to find a solution to the crisis created by Arriva withdrawing bus services, but does he agree that companies that have been all too happy to take a taxpayer subsidy have a moral duty to maintain those services or give the money back?
We certainly expect those companies to engage with the local authority to ensure the provision of alternative service.
That is what we intend to ensure happens.
The Government recently announced yet another consultation support mechanism for the production of sustainable aviation fuel.
Meanwhile, other countries across the world are getting on with producing SAF at scale.
When will the Government get the mechanism in place, and will they meet their unambitious target of five SAF plants by 2025?
On  25 April , we published the SAF mandate, requiring 10% SAF across the aviation industry by 2030, and announced the revenue certainty mechanism consultation.
It is an eight-week consultation.
We have been inviting the whole industry to respond to it.
We have to ensure that we get it right, and we will produce the final result very shortly after that.
Moor Farm roundabout in Cramlington is not for the faint-hearted.
In fact, many of my residents have told me that they actively avoid it.
That is exactly why I had the roundabout cleaned and re-marked recently; however, more work needs to be done.
Will my hon.
Friend meet me to discuss a more permanent solution, and the progress that I have made with Northumberland County Council and National Highways?
As someone who knows that roundabout very well, I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend, and to ensure that the good work that Northumberland County Council is doing to upgrade and improve the area continue.
Before we move on, I wish to make a short statement about the Speaker’s chaplain, the venerable Patricia Hillas.
This morning, Downing Street announced that His Majesty the King has appointed the Rev. Canon Hillas as the next Bishop of Sodor and Man.
I am sure that Members will agree that the Rev. Canon Hillas—Tricia, our friend—has been an amazing colleague, and has faced during her tenure some of the most turbulent, challenging and celebratory times in our history: the impact on the parliamentary community of covid; the murder of our much-loved colleague Sir David Amess; the deaths of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth and the Duke of Edinburgh; and of course the coronation of His Majesty King Charles III.
At every gathering, in all circumstances, Tricia has had a calming presence, exuding her trademark warmth and giving wise counsel to MPs and staff alike.
Tricia will be consecrated as the bishop in October, and I am sure that we will all wish her joy on that occasion.
She takes up her post on the Isle of Man, one of the oldest and smallest of the Church of England’s 42 dioceses, in the autumn.