When he finished in the pits in 1979, he got a tankard,  a certificate, 500 quid and a meagre pension— imagine that.
As miners, we knew about the risks underground when we went down the pit every day.
Since mining started in this country in the 1600s, over 160,000 men, women and children have died in the coalmines, so we knew the risks.
We knew there was always a chance that something might happen, but these were the risks we took.
The miners took these risks for simple reasons: to earn a wage, put food on the table and make sure their  kids were well dressed.
In 1994, when I was still working in the pits, they were privatised.
In my area, it was RJ Budge Mining that took over the pits.
At that time, a big bone of contention was what was going to happen with the MPS, or the mineworkers’ pension scheme.
It was probably one of the richest pension schemes in the world at that time, and was worth hundreds of millions, if not billions, in today’s money.
It was always accepted that there would be a 70:30 split in favour of the miners.
When the then Government sat around the table with the trustees to make an offer to guarantee the mineworkers’ pension scheme, we automatically surmised that there would be a 70:30 split, which would have been fair.
But at the last minute, it ended up being—and depending on who you talk to, whether it is the trustees at the time or the mining organisations involved in campaigning, nobody can get to the bottom of it—a “take it or leave it”  50:50 deal.
The Government at the time never undertook a proper financial risk assessment or had actuarial advice on the split.
We can never get to the bottom of that—it was a simple “take it or leave it.”
When I was working at the pit with my friends, we never really had a say in this.
I cannot remember any man I worked with underground being happy with the 50:50 split, because we knew how rich the pension fund was.
Thirty years on from 1994, successive Labour and Conservative Governments have not paid a single penny into the pension scheme, which is a cash cow.
They have taken £4.8 billion out of the scheme.
Some mining groups say the sum is nearer to £10 billion, but I will take the figure I have here.
In just the last three years, the Government have taken more than £400 million out of the surplus, which is a lot of money.
This is miners’ money.
In effect, the Treasury’s guarantee is an insurance scheme.
It guarantees to make up the shortfall and pay the bonuses, and so on, if there is not a surplus, but I cannot think of any insurance scheme anywhere in this country, or the world, that has never had to pay out.
In 30 years, not a penny has come from the Treasury or the taxpayer to top up the mineworkers’ pension scheme.
I think that is a bit of a scandal, and so does my mining community.
If I may, I will answer that in a moment, because I will now turn back to the report.
In laying the report before Parliament, the ombudsman brought matters to the House’s attention, making it clear that Parliament has a role in responding to the report.
The Government intend to engage fully and constructively with Parliament.
I view this debate as a crucial part of that process.
I remind the House about what the ombudsman’s report says—and indeed does not say.
The ombudsman has looked not at the decision to equalise the state pension age but rather at how that decision was communicated by the DWP.
That is important to understand, as the motion calls on the Government to
“deliver prompt compensation to women born in the 1950s who had their State Pension age raised.”