I remind the House about what the ombudsman’s report says—and indeed does not say.
The ombudsman has looked not at the decision to equalise the state pension age but rather at how that decision was communicated by the DWP.
That is important to understand, as the motion calls on the Government to
“deliver prompt compensation to women born in the 1950s who had their State Pension age raised.”
Importantly, the ombudsman’s report hinted at the Department’s decisions over a narrow period between 2005 and 2007, and their effect on individual notifications.
The ombudsman has not found that women have directly lost out financially as a result DWP actions.
The report stated:
“We do not find that it”—
the DWP’s communication—
“resulted in them suffering direct financial loss.”
The final report does not say that all women born in the 1950s will have been adversely impacted, as many women were aware that the state pension age had changed.
The stage 1 report found that between 1995 and 2004, the DWP’s communication of changes to the state pension age reflected the standards that the ombudsman would expect it to meet.
That report also confirmed that accurate information about changes to the state pension age was publicly available in leaflets, through the DWP pension education campaigns and DWP agencies and on its website.
However, when considering the Department’s actions between August 2005 and December 2007, the ombudsman came to the view that they resulted  in 1950s-born women receiving individual notice later than they might have done had different decisions been made.
I welcome the wide-ranging contributions from Members on behalf of their constituents.
Before we begin today’s proceedings, I would like to make a short statement.
On Monday night, the House agreed a new policy based on a report of the House of Commons Commission setting out the steps that can be taken if a Member is arrested on suspicion of committing a violent or sexual offence.
This involves a risk assessment carried out by a panel, which may recommend that a Member be excluded from the parliamentary estate.
More details of the policy are available on the House of Commons Commission’s webpage.
As the House knows, the main motion, as amended, was agreed to without a Division.
No Member voted against the exclusion policy.
However, I understand that some hon.
Members have received threats on social media since the vote on Monday.
Let me be quite clear: any attempt to intimidate or threaten any Member of this House is totally and wholly unacceptable.
It is an affront to our democracy and to the constituents who elected us, and it is a contempt of this House.
Any Member who receives threatening communications should report them to the Parliamentary Security Department and, if appropriate, to the police through the Parliamentary Liaison and Investigations Team, which will be able to investigate further.
I wrote to all hon.
Members last night to remind them of the support services available to Members.
We take this very seriously.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Is it relevant to what I have just said?
It is, Mr Speaker.
Given that our legal system has in-built safeguards to protect the rights of the accused and that we in this place promote and defend these rights on behalf of our constituents, was it not absolutely in order for this House to debate the extent of these rights in relation to the exclusion of Members of Parliament from this Chamber and the estate before they had either been convicted or discharged by the courts?
It is absolutely right that this House should have an opportunity to debate and vote on these matters, as it did on Monday night.
I will leave it at that.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps he is taking to help improve the reliability of rail services for passengers.
What steps he is taking to help improve the reliability of rail services for passengers.