Friday 7 June —Private Members’ Bills.
May I join Mr Speaker in thanking the Speaker’s Chaplain, the Rev. Canon Patricia Hillas, for all her wise counsel and support through some difficult and celebratory moments in her time as Chaplain?
We all wish her well on her elevation.
I also congratulate  the hon.
Member for Stafford (Theo Clarke)  and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Canterbury (Rosie Duffield)  on their cross-party parliamentary inquiry into birth trauma this week.
All of us who have gone through childbirth can recognise their stories and findings, although I did have good experiences with mine.
I fully support their calls for a national birth strategy.
I also thank all those Members who took part in the debate on risk-based exclusions on Monday.
We had a good discussion.
The House has now taken the view that a process of risk assessment for Members under arrest for serious sexual and violent offences shall be put in place.
Since Monday, I have been struck by how many women, in less privileged or powerful positions than mine, have approached me to say thank you, and how that decision has changed how they feel about  working here.
It might not always feel like it, but there is a watching audience wanting to see us, as a workplace and as employers, make progress on those issues.
This week we did.
Last week, the Leader of the House and I launched a guide for MPs and candidates on tackling conspiracy theories.
We agreed that conspiracy theories are a form of radicalisation, and we must all do everything we can to combat them.
Is she therefore as disappointed as I am to see  the hon.
Member for Lewes (Maria Caulfield)  sharing in campaign literature a conspiracy theory featured in that guide relating to 15-minute cities, which is closely linked to antisemitism and far-right movements?
Just last week, the hon.
Lady gave a staunch defence of her actions, showing no contrition for the damage she has caused.
Will the Leader of the House send her a copy of the guide, and tell her why she has made a big mistake and why she should quickly and strongly renounce it?
Does the Leader of the House think it is acceptable to Members that on the evening before the first day of the remaining stages of the Criminal Justice Bill, Members did not know which or what amendments were to be debated?
This is an important Bill with a number of significant Back-Bench and Government proposals on issues of wide public concern, such as cuckooing, dangerous cycling, ninja swords, abortion, and one-punch manslaughter.
The Bill came out of Committee in January.
Why has it taken so long to get to Report?
Having taken so long, why were Members left completely in the dark about what would be discussed and when?
With more than 180 pages of amendments, including 22 new Government changes published very late the night before, that is no way to run business and it is deeply disrespectful to Members.
It is just another symptom of the chaos at the heart of this Government’s operation and the disregard they hold for this House, and that is just day one of our consideration of the Bill.
Why is there such a further delay to day two?
We should be doing it next week, not in another three.
Extended drinking hours for the Euros are welcome, but that does not need to be considered on the Floor of the House.
Is that because the Government have more handling concerns and they are worried about defeats on the Criminal Justice Bill, or is it because, even during the Euros, they could not organise a booze-up in a brewery?
Will the Leader of the House assure the House that any further amendments or programming changes for day two will be published in good time?