Gentleman in detail and set out the particular points, and then we will see whether a meeting is required thereafter.
In Horsham we have a significant problem with car racing on specific stretches of road.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that there is a role for speed cameras in deterring those activities and the real risks they represent?
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for raising the important matter of road safety.
He is right that there is a role for speed cameras.
Decisions for enforcing speed limits are for the police and local agencies.
I know he has raised the issue with them.
I hope our exchange today will continue to put pressure on them, that the campaign he is running to ensure safer roads for his constituents is successful, and that the police take note.
I call Andrew Bridgen—not here.
I was pleased to have been told late last year that Haughley and Ely north junctions would be funded, but I have since become frustrated by the slow progress.
I hear all the right noises from the Department, but when I talk to Greater Anglia and Network Rail, all I hear is frustration at the slow progress.
Will the Secretary of State promise me that we will get on with these projects, which are crucial to Ipswich, Suffolk and East Anglia in general?
I can give that assurance to my hon.
Friend.
I think his Labour opponent stated that the Conservatives had not promised to deliver this project.
In October, the Prime Minister set out that we would deliver the rail junction at Ely and Haughley.
It is a project that the Department is keen on, as it is good for freight, and for our freight growth target.
I will meet my hon.
Friend and his colleagues who support the project to show them the steps that we are taking to get this vital project under way.
The Secretary of State will be aware that the courts yesterday awarded £25 million of compensation to 1.4 million passengers who were overcharged for rail fares between 2015 and 2017 by Stagecoach South Western Trains, the predecessor franchise to South Western Railway.
Will he ensure that affected passengers are not left out of pocket, and get automatic redress, rather than having to make an historical claim?
I have been meeting the operators to discuss the matter.
I am happy to write to her, setting out the exact conclusion of those conversations.
I am always keen to ensure that passenger and consumer interests are protected and preserved, so I will write to her.
I thank the Secretary of State and the Rail Minister for their support for upgrades to Pokesdown station in my constituency, not least the improvements to the lifts, but the project has run into a few technical and financial problems; will the Secretary of State or the Minister update the House on it?
I promised my right hon.
Friend from this Dispatch Box that the project would be delivered, and I continue to give him that assurance.
I am sorry that there have been those delays.
This week, I spoke to the team at some length about the station.
My right hon.
Friend knows that I will visit him at the station, and I will have some more concrete news for him then.
How reliable are the key performance indicators that the train operators are quoting, which the Rail Minister mentioned earlier?
The Disability News Service reports that train companies are sending unreliable statistics from freelance mystery shoppers who pretend to be disabled and give overly positive feedback about the experience of disabled passengers.
Does he share my concern about that, and what can he do about it?
Data from mystery shoppers, as the hon.
Gentleman calls them, cannot be used unless those individuals have the disabilities that they claim to, but there are wider mystery shopping experiences that are undertaken.