Lady for advance notice of the question—she wrote to me this morning.
I will say a few things.
First, she will know that the insurance industry is the responsibility of the Treasury, but it is an important issue for drivers, so I am happy to deal with it.
I read her letter with great care, and I notice that it contains no plan and not a single proposal to deal with the cost of insurance.
Whereas this week the Under-Secretary of State for Transport, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hexham (Guy Opperman) , chaired a roundtable with Treasury Ministers and the industry to look at these important issues, which are also in evidence across Europe.
Secondly, having read the letter carefully, I notice that the hon.
Lady takes a pop at postcode pricing, which is about pricing according to risk.
It seems to me that she is proposing—I am sure she cannot really mean this—to put up insurance costs across the country to reflect the Mayor of London’s failure to grip crime in inner London.
Remember that we are now in topical questions, folks.
Given that the Secretary of State had advance notice of my question, I am afraid that his answer shows how out of touch with reality he has become.
Car insurance is not a luxury but a legal requirement, and it is completely unaffordable for millions of drivers.
There has been a £219 increase in the average premium in two years.
Instead of parroting conspiracy theories about 15-minute cities, why does he not do his job, take action, demand action from regulators, call in the Competition and Markets Authority, and act on soaring insurance premiums?
I will say a couple of things.
First, the hon.
Lady called for action.
My hon.
Friend the roads Minister has already been meeting the industry and Treasury Ministers, who are responsible for the industry regulator, so we are already doing that.
As I said, this is an issue not just in the UK but elsewhere.
Secondly, as I said, the hon.
Lady said in her letter that she was looking at outlawing the ability for insurers to price according to risk in local areas.
I am sure that hon.
Members noticed that she has not denied that, so they will know that she is proposing for people across the country to face higher costs to reflect the higher crime that we see in inner London, where her Labour Mayor has failed to get a grip.
Will the Rail Minister join me in campaigning to save Brandon station, which is a beautiful listed building that has been out of use for years?
Greater Anglia, to its credit, is trying to find a solution to ensure that that beautiful building can be put back into use.
Will he join me in that campaign and, if his diary allows, join me on 14 June, when we have a public meeting to drive that forward?
I will do everything I can.
It is a beautiful example of railway architecture and it must be saved, so I applaud my right hon.
Friend’s work.
I recently had a conference for leaders in rail, at which I talked to all the train operators and Network Rail about bringing these  beautiful buildings back to life for the community.
I have met that team as well and will do everything I can to help him.
It is now exactly four months since the Avanti management were caught laughing at the Government —they are not on their own.
They were laughing because they see the performance payments that the Government hand out to them as free money and a joke.
When will the Secretary of State take the smile off the faces of the appalling Avanti management by finishing their contract?