We are working closely with the relevant Ministers at DWP to have sector-based work academies and skills boot camps, to encourage greater participation by drivers.
If he will fund exploratory rail studies on passenger numbers through the local transport fund.
The local transport fund is a £4.7 billion fund that has been allocated to local authorities in the north and midlands to fund a wide range of transport measures.
The funding empowers local leaders to invest in the transport policies that matter most to people in their area, and that could include rail studies.
Guidance will be published shortly to support local leaders in developing their plans, but it will rightly be a local decision.
May I first congratulate my hon.
Friend on the award of £168 million to the East Riding to improve transport, whether that is potholes, bus  shelters or whatever else in Beverley and Holderness?
The Minister is aware of my championing, alongside Labour colleagues, Liberal Democrat colleagues and the councils across the whole area, of the reopening of the Hull to York line through Beverley.
I am delighted to hear him confirm today that that funding can be used to explore and produce a refined demand model for that railway.
Will he confirm that?
My right hon.
Friend is indeed a great champion for this scheme, which we have discussed many times.
I am pleased to confirm that the local transport fund could be used to develop the new rail link between York and Hull via Beverley.
It is important to say that it will be for the local transport authority to decide, and I encourage him to continue to engage with it.
Our upcoming guidance will set out more detail about the scope of the LTF, and I am sure he will continue with his mission to deliver.
What steps he is taking to improve transport connectivity for towns and cities in the north-west.
Before I answer my hon.
Friend’s question, may I just welcome very strongly your statement at the beginning of business, Mr Speaker, standing up for the rights of Members to debate things in this House and the importance of protecting their security?
That is welcome, and I am sure it will have been welcomed by all parts of the House.
In answer to my hon.
Friend’s question, Network North will see a further £19.8 billion of investment in the north of England following the redirection of funding from the second phase of HS2.
Liverpool city region is one of six areas to benefit from nearly £4 billion of uplift in the second round of the city region sustainable transport settlements.
A further £1.48 billion is going to the non-mayoral local authorities to fund a wide range of projects.
Guidance on how that should be spent will be forthcoming shortly.
My right hon.
Friend knows how important rail connectivity is to my constituents.
It will be further enhanced by the reconnection of the Burscough curves, a project that is also supported by our hon.
Friend  the Member for South Ribble (Katherine Fletcher) , who has her own campaign for a station at Midge Hall.
Given the importance of schemes that link areas, will he issue stronger guidance for transport authorities to have better links between each other, rather than just within their own transport areas?
As my hon.
Friend knows, I recently hosted a roundtable, bringing together him, his local authority, Lancashire County Council, local rail operators and other interested parties to discuss how to further develop the business case for the Burscough curves.
He will be aware that we have allocated that money to the local transport fund.
Lancashire County Council will get £494 million over seven years, starting next year.
I suggest he continues the conversation we have had to urge the council to look at developing that scheme.
We will be publishing guidance encouraging it to do that, working with Members of Parliament in the very near future.