Our preference is to seek maritime routes.
Is a feasibility study being undertaken to see whether aid could be delivered directly into Gaza from ship to shore, should the future security situation allow it?
The Defence Secretary has led internationally on exactly such an initiative, working with our friends in the Cypriot Ministry of Defence.
There are ideas to do exactly that, but they obviously need to be agreed with all parties before they can happen.
I have urgently pressed the Minister and the Department to secure Red sea vessels, as well as facilitating aid into Gaza.
People in Bolton are demanding assurances on both maritime safety and humanitarian support for Gaza.
What assurances can he provide to people in Bolton?
Clearly, the delivery of aid into Gaza is principally a maritime and aviation effort in the eastern Mediterranean, but my hon.
Friend is correct to say that the security of shipping in the Red sea also has an impact.
That is why Royal Navy warships are part of the Red sea taskforce that is seeking to protect those sea lanes.
What recent steps Veterans UK has taken to support veterans and their families.
What steps his Department is taking to support veterans.
What steps his Department is taking to support veterans.
What steps his Department is taking to support veterans.
The MOD delivers a range of services to veterans and their families.
This includes the administration and payment of armed forces pensions and compensation, the provision of tailored advice and assistance through the Veterans Welfare Service and Defence Transition Services, and integrated personal commissioning for veterans.
Veteran homelessness rose by 14% last year according to the Government’s own figures.
Does the Minister agree that his colleague, the Minister for Veterans’ Affairs,  the right hon.
Member for Plymouth, Moor View (Johnny Mercer) , is failing to deliver on his pledge to end veteran homelessness?
The hon.
Lady will be aware that homelessness is not principally a function of the Ministry of Defence, but all of us want to make sure that  veterans and their families are properly accommodated, and naturally reducing homelessness remains a Government priority.
Thirteen veterans advisory and pensions committees across the UK provide the Minister’s Department with an important platform for hearing and helping veterans.
Last year, with his help and the help of Members on both sides of the House, my private Member’s Bill gave the Secretary of State greater flexibility to use the network to help more veterans in more ways.
Can the Minister tell the House what progress he has made with the VAPCs since my Bill received royal assent on  18 September ?
First, let me congratulate my hon.
Friend on his work on the Bill, which should properly be called the Millar Bill.
I recently met VAPC chairs to discuss next steps, and we will ensure that the MOD engages with representatives from VAPCs in a series of working groups to set the direction for secondary legislation that will clarify their future role.
Can the Minister give some more detail on how the Department intends to take forward the recommendation from the Veteran Welfare Service review, and can he outline any timescales to which he intends to work on that review?
Our response to the independent review of welfare services for veterans accepts the principle and intended outcome of all the recommendations, and we will shortly publish our response to the recommendations of the armed forces compensation scheme quinquennial review.
The reviews will inform a programme of improvements in the way we deliver the compensation scheme and how we provide welfare support to ensure a consistently high level of service.
The responses will set out our commitment and high-level plans, in particular how we will make our services less adversarial and more user-friendly.
As promised by the Prime Minister, medals are being issued to recognise those who participated in Britain’s nuclear testing programme during the 1950s and 1960s.