Friend for her excellent question and I would be delighted to visit Raynesway.
Last August, I was pleased to announce the launch of the nuclear skills taskforce, jointly with the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie) .
The taskforce will drive activity through a coherent action plan, bringing together Government, academia and employers, crucially from across both civil and defence nuclear sectors, including from Rolls-Royce.
It will build on existing work to address the skills challenge across the nuclear sector and will bolster our ability to deliver on our commitments made under the AUKUS defence partnership.
AUKUS has strong support from across the House, but although the time scales seem very long, in reality there is growing concern in the defence community that they may already be slipping, often because of bureaucratic inertia.
What is being done to keep this vital project on track?
How often is the Minister meeting his officials to monitor and chase progress?
I am not aware of any slippage.
We meet frequently and discuss this incredibly important matter.
I am pleased to hear his confidence that AUKUS has cross-party support.
It is generating huge numbers of jobs for the future: an additional 1,700 jobs will be created in Raynesway to build the reactors for the UK and Australia.
It is an incredibly exciting project and we are 100% committed to it.
I call the shadow Minister.
Let me make clear that AUKUS pillar 1 and pillar 2 have Labour’s full backing.
However, we are concerned about whether the Government’s current focus on implementing AUKUS is sufficient and we want more UK leadership for this national endeavour.
The latest list of ministerial responsibilities, from October 2023, does not even mention AUKUS or Australia, although it does mention the USA.
Ministers have agreed that pillar 1 should have only a part-time official responsible for its implementation.
If AUKUS is not even in his job description and his officials are working on it part time, how can we take the Minister seriously when he says it is important?
The way we take it seriously is not by judging the number of officials or what we are doing in that regard, but by looking at what we are actually delivering in the real world in terms of military capability and for British industry.
As I just said, the US has reformed ITAR and there are thousands of jobs across the UK, boosting our Indo-Pacific capabilities.
This is an extremely important project.
We are making huge progress and the Government are very proud of the partnership.
What steps his Department is taking to support armed forces personnel with the cost of living.
Defence has introduced a range of measures to support armed forces personnel, including capping subsidised accommodation charges to 1%; freezing daily food charges; increasing travelling allowances by 7%; providing wraparound childcare to families and increasing the continuity of education allowance rates from August 2023; and implementing the biggest uplift in service pay in 21 years, which includes 9.7% for the most junior ranks.
The Government claim that service personnel are not financially burdened by domestic assignments, but a constituent of mine—a serving officer of the armed forces—finds himself thousands of pounds out of pocket, while others report turning to food banks  to survive.
What discussions is the Minister having with Cabinet colleagues to expand measures and address the costs incurred as a result of serving this country during the cost of living crisis?
The cost of living crisis has affected all our constituents, has it not?
Covid has made life difficult for everybody, but at the Ministry of Defence we have recognised as far as we can the pressures that bear, particularly on the lowest paid.