UK Ministers are lobbying the Government of Israel hard and regularly to allow more aid in and reduce the numerous constraints that are hindering many aspects of our and others’ efforts to help Gazan civilians.
We have appointed Mark Bryson-Richardson as our representative for humanitarian affairs in the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
Last week, a Royal Navy vessel delivered 87 tonnes of life-saving UK and Cypriot aid, destined for Gaza, into Egypt.
We have also supported the United Nations World Food Programme to deliver a new humanitarian land corridor from Jordan into Gaza.
Seven hundred and fifty tonnes of life-saving food aid arrived in the first delivery and a second convoy, with 315 tonnes of critical supplies, reached Gaza last week, partly funded by the United Kingdom.
Nevertheless, the risk of famine is stark, and the Foreign Secretary and other Ministers throughout the Government are pushing the need to address this with the Israeli Government.
The Government are urging all sides to avoid further escalation.
The situation is fragile and an escalation in violence, including on Lebanon’s southern border with Israel, is not in anyone’s interests.
In the Red sea, the Houthis’ attacks against commercial shipping are patently unacceptable.
We have already taken action to deter Houthi threats, and we will not hesitate to take further action as needed.
There is no perfect formula for peace.
What I can  say is that Gaza should ultimately be under Palestinian control, and we support a two-state solution that  guarantees security and stability for both Israeli and Palestinian people.
Mr Speaker, the Christmas period has not brought peace to the middle east.
There has been no let-up to the intolerable suffering in Gaza and no end to the cruelty for hostages.
Millions are displaced, desperate and hungry.
Israel continues to use devastating tactics that have seen far too many innocent civilians killed, with unacceptable blocks on essential aid, nowhere safe for civilians, a growing humanitarian catastrophe, and now warnings of a deadly famine.
Meanwhile, Hamas terrorists continue to hold hostages, hide among civilians and fire rockets into Israel.
This dire situation must not continue.
The need for a sustained ceasefire is clear.
The fighting must stop urgently.
We need a humanitarian truce now—not as a short pause but as the first step towards what will stop the killing of innocents, provide urgent humanitarian relief, ward off famine, free hostages and provide the space for a sustainable ceasefire so that fighting does not restart.
I urge the Government to do everything they can to work for a sustained ceasefire, which will also ease the growing regional tensions across the divides and avoid the catastrophe of a wider war.
Those risks are rising.
Will the Minister tell the House what steps the Government are taking to urge restraint in Lebanon and to see the full implementation of UN Security Council resolution 1701, which would allow civilians on both sides of the border to return home?
In the Red sea, all the targeting of commercial ships and international trade routes that puts civilians and military personnel in danger must stop, so I welcome the approach of the US, the UK, Germany and others to send clear warnings to those responsible.
Will the Government ensure that this House has the time and space to scrutinise decisions of any significance that may be required?
I thank the shadow Foreign Secretary for what he said and the way he said it.
He is entirely right about the plight of civilians caught up in this tragedy and the urgent requirement for humanitarian support to get into Gaza in much greater numbers.
The right hon.
Gentleman calls for a sustained ceasefire, and the British Government believe that is the right approach.
That is why we put so much effort into securing agreement on United Nations resolution 2720.
The right hon.