A happy new year to you, Mr Speaker, and to all colleagues.
As at October 2023, 55.4% of civil servants are female—a rise of 0.7 percentage points compared with  1 October 2022 —and 11.7% of the UK regular armed forces and 15.9% of Future Reserves 2020 are women, up by 1.2 percentage points and 1.4 percentage points respectively in the past five years.
That means that the trend is in the right direction, but we can do better, and I am confident that we will do so across the defence enterprise.
I welcome the Secretary of State’s commitment to reaching a fair and reasonable solution to the strikes.
Worcester went into this winter with the delivery of a new emergency department and was able to deliver 21 beds-worth of extra capacity over the winter, but I have heard from the hospital today that it is still facing intense pressure.
Will the Secretary of State join me in paying tribute to the staff who are working around the clock to meet that pressure, and will she support the South Warwickshire University NHS foundation trust as it works to address some of the key transport bottlenecks on its site, in the interests of patients and staff alike?
Two GPs from Seatown, in my part of Devon, moved to Australia to practise a little over two years ago.
Both are working as full-time GPs, with no gaps in their career, and they now wish to return to east Devon to help ease winter pressures.
Retesting someone who returns to England is lengthy, costly and bureaucratic, and it does not take into account practice in similar primary care settings.
Can NHS England not make it easier for UK-trained GPs working in Australia, New Zealand or Canada to return to general practice in England?
I have received a notification from the petition officer for the constituency of Wellingborough in respect of the recall petition for Peter Bone.
The recall petition closed on  Tuesday 19 December .
As more than 10% of those eligible to sign the petition did so, the petition was successful and the seat is accordingly vacant.
I shall cause the text of the notification to be published in the Votes and Proceedings and in the Official Report.
[The notification will appear at the end of today’s proceedings.]
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps his Department is taking to support defence jobs.
Mr Speaker, I hope that you and all your staff had an enjoyable Christmas and new year break.
I confirm that the most recent estimate shows that Ministry of Defence investment supports 209,000 jobs in industries across the UK.
We continue to support UK businesses through direct procurement of equipment and services, supply chains and exports, and—investing in the future—through research and development.
Blwyddyn newydd dda—happy new year, Mr Speaker.
Will the Minister outline investment at RAF Valley to date as part of the recapitalisation of the MOD’s military flying training system and its local impact?
Will he accept my invitation to visit RAF Valley, which is the largest skilled employer on Anglesey, where he will receive a warm Welsh croeso?
My hon.
Friend was a constant champion of nuclear during my previous job, and I am glad she is carrying on that form in defence.
I would be delighted to accept the invitation.
In addition to RAF Valley being important for military flying training, it is important economically as the second-largest employer on the island.
In the past 18 months, we have announced investments of £175 million in a new training facility for the Texan, and £600 million for Hawk T1 and T2 engineering maintenance, underscoring our ongoing commitment to investment in jobs and skills at RAF Valley for many years to come.
In May, the MOD admitted that just 4% of the steel used to construct Type 31 frigates was sourced from UK steelyards.