Gentleman calls for a sustained ceasefire, and the British Government believe that is the right approach.
That is why we put so much effort into securing agreement on United Nations resolution 2720.
The right hon.
Gentleman is also entirely right to say it is important that the conflict is contained, and from the first moment Britain has moved military assets and other equipment to try to ensure that we detect any likelihood of it spreading more widely.
The right hon.
Gentleman mentioned in particular what is going on in the Red sea, and will understand that many Governments are committed to ensuring freedom of navigation and trade.
We are protected in that extent by international law.
Operation Prosperity Guardian is in full swing and HMS Diamond will join HMS Lancaster shortly.
I call Chair of the Select Committee.
Thank you Mr Speaker.
I welcome the £2 million for additional food and the special envoy that so many of us have been calling for.
First, now that Israel says it has dismantled Hamas in the north of Gaza, what are the plans to surge aid into the area, and what are Israel’s plans to rebuild the territory?
Secondly, will my right hon.
Friend give  consideration to my proposal for an Israel-Palestine contact group that can start the hard work of a long-term peace process by kicking off track 2 negotiations?
I thank the Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee for her comments about a contact group, which we will look at extremely carefully.
I am grateful for her welcome for the humanitarian aid co-ordinator, who is working flat out on these matters, and also for what she says about the additional funding for food.
The problems at the moment are not a shortfall in funding; they are in getting the food and necessary humanitarian requirements inside Gaza.
I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, and may I wish you and your staff a very happy new year?
Of course, it has not been a happy new year for the 2 million desperate and terrified people trapped inside Gaza, for whom 2024 brought further constant bombardment as well as the threat of famine and disease, with 50,000 people injured and almost 25,000 confirmed killed.
That proves that repeated pleas from this Government and others for Israel to abide by international humanitarian law have been routinely ignored.
Scotland’s First Minister recently described what is happening in Gaza as “tantamount to ethnic cleansing”, and South Africa has asked the International Court of Justice to urgently declare Israel in breach of the 1948 genocide convention for its continued killing of Palestinians, the destruction of homes, the expulsion of people and the blockade of food, water and medical assistance.
Do the UK Government think that Scotland’s First Minister and the Government of South Africa are wrong in their assessment of the current situation?
If they are wrong, how are they wrong specifically?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his comments.
The Government respect the role of the ICJ and we will of course follow what is going on with great care.
We have always made it clear that it is up to the courts to determine these matters and that all parties must ensure that their actions are proportionate and necessary and minimise harm to civilians.
What have we learned since we last met?
We have learned that Hamas are using North Korean weapons.
We have heard of further examples of gender-based violence, we have heard examples of hostages being kept in cages, and we have heard the testimony of a released 17-year-old hostage, Agam Goldstein Almog, who spoke of sexual violence and torture perpetrated against hostages who are still being held.