My right hon.
Friend will have seen that HMS Diamond has shot down an attack drone, on, I think, the first occasion that the Navy has been in action in that way for 30 years.
He will also have heard what the Government have said: like many other countries, they have made it crystal clear that we will not accept the fettering of the international rights of navigation, and all those involved in trying to frustrate that should hear those words.
Just today, Medical Aid For Palestinians has reported that, along with the International Rescue Committee’s emergency medical team, it has been forced to withdraw and cease activities at Al-Aqsa hospital—the only functioning hospital in Gaza’s middle area—as a result of increasing Israeli military activity around it.
There seems to be a repetition of the dismantling of health services that we have witnessed in the north in the south and middle  of Gaza.
Can the Minister tell us whether the Government’s support for the continued bombing of civilians and civilian infrastructure will now apply in every conflict, or whether it applies only in relation to Palestinian civilians and Palestinian hospitals?
The hon.
Lady knows very well that all parties must ensure that their actions are proportionate and necessary and minimise harm to civilians, and it is in that context that we seek on all occasions to urge the Israeli Government to adopt those three key criteria.
I call Sir Alec Shelbrooke.
There will not be a single person in the House today whose heart does not break for the death of innocent civilians, which is a consequence of any conflict.
Are the Government having any discussions in the wider Arab region to get Hamas to move away from their stated aims of destroying Israel and to ensure that they disarm, which would allow a basis on which to bring this fighting to an end?
May I offer my right hon.
Friend my congratulations on his honour?
He is right about the importance of ensuring that all pressure is put on Hamas to desist from these outrageous and horrendous proposals that make up part of its charter.
The British Government, through a whole variety of different means, do everything we can to prosecute that case.
Said Zaaneen, a PhD student at the University of Sheffield, has been trapped in Gaza by the war.
He is an extremely able student, who has a full scholarship from the university, and he is keen to continue his studies.
The Foreign Office has been compiling lists of those who wish to leave, but it is currently limited to dual nationals and their immediate dependants.
I appreciate all the difficulties at the Rafah crossing, but would the Minister consider extending eligibility for the Foreign Office lists to those Palestinian nationals who, like Said, are in the middle of courses at UK universities, or will he at least agree to meet me to discuss the case?
I think the answer is for the hon.
Gentleman and I to have a chat immediately after this urgent question, and we will see what we can do to help.
Women and girls are reported to have been raped or mutilated by Hamas in at least seven different locations in Israel in a deliberate, systematic and premeditated way.
Hostages have been reportedly subject to appalling sexual abuse, too.
These are girls as young as 18 or 19, and they are still there.
What assessment has my right hon.
Friend’s Department made of the emerging evidence documenting Hamas-style savagery?
What conversations has he had with the Red Cross, which should be stopping at nothing to insist on access to these hostages?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her remarks.
Our contact and heavy involvement with the Red Cross and Red Crescent is happening daily.
In terms of her  core remark, it is the British Government’s endeavour to ensure that there will not be impunity for those who commit these horrendous crimes.