My hon.
Friend is right to focus on the appalling agony and plight of the hostages.
As I said earlier, I do not think it is helpful to rehearse in the House precisely what we are doing, but he may rest assured that we are in continuous contact with the Red Cross and doing everything we possibly can, along with our allies, to try to secure the hostages’ release.
The IDF claims that as many as 8,000 Hamas terrorists have been killed, while at the same time there are reports that Hamas are training children to take their place.
The position of the more than 100 hostages still being held by Hamas looks incredibly precarious.
Will the Minister outline what progress can be made and how the UK can ensure that those people can be released and Israel can be in a position to begin to seek peace?
Does the Minister believe that the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland has a role to play in that peacemaking?
The answer to my hon.
Friend’s final point is yes, and he sets out with great eloquence the issues and problems faced by the hostages in this appalling situation.
He will have heard what I said to other hon.
Members in that respect.
Before we reach a ceasefire—something needed sooner rather than later, according to many of my constituents—two doctors in Bolton, Dr Samir Naseet and Dr Ibrahim Hamami, have asked what preparations we are making to prepare the ground for the post-ceasefire period by leading on volunteer medical practitioners going to Gaza at that time?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend’s work in this respect: I know how much work he has been doing with communities in his constituency who are engaged with Gaza.
I will take careful note of the point that he has made.
I think everybody here condemns the heinous attacks by Hamas on  7 October  and the taking of hostages, and we all want their safe and immediate release.
But that does not excuse the brutal, indiscriminate and disproportionate violence that the IDF are perpetrating on innocent Gazan civilians.
Our world must operate on a rules-based system, and that includes our allies.
Given the scale of casualties, may I press the Minister on whether he and the Government will support—not come to a decision on—the ICC’s investigating potential war crimes and make all evidence available to it?
The hon.
Lady will have heard what I have said about any culture of impunity.
In respect of her central question, all I can do is reiterate the points I have already made that the British Government are insistent that all parties must ensure that their actions are proportionate and necessary, and that they take account of civilian harm.