Will the ships be cut, or will they be tied up alongside, flying the white ensign but never really putting to sea?
Of course anyone who is serious about the defence budget has to make the decision about whether to put into maintenance ships that have already served twice their intended lives—18 years and more, times two—and that would come out of that maintenance after brand-new ships were at sea.
There is obviously a decision for the Royal Navy to make on that, but I remind the House that there are eight Type 26s and five Type 31s under construction or under contract.
We face a complex range of security threats and challenges in our rapidly changing world.
Cyber-attacks are increasingly common and nations across the world are preparing to become combat ready for space warfare.
What assessment has the Minister’s Department made of supporting defence jobs to assist the UK’s efforts against cyber and space warfare?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend, who asks a second excellent question, given the growing importance of the cyber and space domains.
On cyber, I can confirm that the 2022 national cyber strategy highlights the Government’s commitment to growing the UK cyber-ecosystem and that new cyber-career structures are being developed across Defence, with new ways of training, upskilling and rewarding our people.
On space, we have created a space academy for Government, industry and academia and are supporting cross-Government work to develop a space workforce action plan for 2024.
Does the Minister recognise any semblance of truth in this statement by Dominic Cummings,
“the scandal of nuclear weapons infrastructure which is a dangerous disaster and a budget nightmare of hard-to-believe and highly classified proportions”,
regarding the Coulport naval facility and the nuclear deterrent black hole?
As with our previous exchange, while I respect the hon.
Gentleman’s position, we do not comment on speculation.
What I can say is that nuclear infrastructure is incredibly important to the future of our deterrent.
His Majesty’s naval base Clyde has developed an established management plan with a 40-year horizon that provides a strategic vision for the future that is clear and simple and that endures, and we have a £1.4 billion programme for Faslane and Coulport nuclear facilities and nuclear infrastructure.
Last month’s treaty with Japan and Italy brought the global air combat programme’s Team Tempest a step closer to reality.
It followed news that BAE Systems is to hire 2,700 graduates and apprentices this year, including more than 500 Lancashire-based roles across the air division.
What estimate does my hon.
Friend make of the defence sector’s impact on the economy, job prospects and opportunities for young people in places like Fylde—and, indeed, Chorley?
That is a very good question.
It is brilliant news, and we are delighted to have signed the treaty with Japan and Italy last month.
My hon.
Friend asks about the impact; it is fair to say that it will have a particular impact on his constituency, which houses the Warton site, where we have our factory of the future for the global combat air programme.
I can confirm that a 2021 report by PwC estimated that the programme would contribute £26 billion to the UK economy between 2021 and 2050 and support on average 21,000 jobs per year, many of which will be in Lancashire, Mr Speaker, and particularly in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
I do not know whether the Minister has seen the article by the  defence editor, Mark Nicol, about the lack of transparency on pinch points in the armed forces personnel workforce.
Figures on that used to be produced regularly.
When was the decision taken to no longer produce them, and will the Minister commit today to producing them in the interest of transparency?
I cannot give the right hon.
Gentleman a straight answer to that because I cannot remember when the figures were withdrawn, but I can certainly look into it and write to him.