I heard what the Minister said earlier in response to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Argyll and Bute (Brendan O’Hara)  and a Government Back Bencher about the International Court of Justice, but I wonder whether he has had time to read South Africa’s 84-page application—it is rather damning, and some lawyers say it is a strong application.
I agree with the Minister that it is for the court, not politicians, to decide whether there has been a genocide.
However, if he has had time to look at South Africa’s submission, does he at least agree that it seems, prima facie, that Israel has committed some serious breaches of international law in Gaza, for which it must be held accountable?
It is not for me to exercise that judgment.
The truth of the matter is that I have not read all 84 pages, but I have been briefed on them.
It must now be left to the court to reach its determination.
I welcome the Government’s role in sending more aid, securing the opening of the Kerem Shalom crossing and securing UN resolution 2720, alongside my right hon.
Friend’s rightful focus on what we can do to help the dire health and hunger situation in Gaza.
How confident is he, however, that the Economic Activity of Public Bodies (Overseas Matters) Bill will adequately reflect widespread concern about illegal and violent Israeli activities in the Occupied Palestinian Territories?
I think that must wait until Wednesday.
The Government do not believe that public bodies should be able to waste public money pursuing their own foreign policy, and I am sure that these points will be properly teased out on Wednesday.
In respect of the very difficult humanitarian situation, which my hon.
Friend rightly describes, the inadequate shelter is made worse by the winter rains that we are seeing, and there is a real danger of disease spreading.
That is one reason why Britain has deployed a medical team to see what we can do to help with this desperate situation, particularly in Rafah but also throughout Gaza.
Israel is committing war crimes on a daily basis in Gaza.
We have seen the forced displacement and collective punishment of Palestinians, starvation used as a weapon, healthcare facilities and journalists targeted, and much more.
As we have heard, South Africa is now taking forward a legal case against Israel in the International Court of Justice.
If, as it could, that court quickly issues an order for Israel to immediately suspend its military operations, will the Government uphold that order by finally—finally—calling for an immediate ceasefire, as many of us have been demanding?
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, the policy of an immediate ceasefire is not shared by either the Government or, indeed, those on the Opposition Front Bench.
In respect of the work of the court, let us wait and see what the court decides.
He asks me a hypothetical question, and I think we should wait and see what the court says.
It is now almost 100 days since Hamas committed their evil atrocities in Israel.
Also, 130 hostages are still held in captivity by Hamas terrorists.
The international Red Cross has not had access to those hostages, the oldest of which are over 75 and the youngest under one year old.
What action is my right hon.
Friend taking to ensure that the international Red Cross can insist on seeing the hostages and looking after their health?
My hon.
Friend is right to focus on the appalling agony and plight of the hostages.
As I said earlier, I do not think it is helpful to rehearse in the House precisely what we are doing, but he may rest assured that we are in continuous contact with the Red Cross and doing everything we possibly can, along with our allies, to try to secure the hostages’ release.