May I advise and warn the Secretary of State not to be blindsided by the people who are raising this matter again after a change of Secretary of State for Defence?
I point out that, of course, they will be five years older, but I again stress to the House that no decision has been made on the landing platform dock vessels.
Let me take the Minister back to the Triples.
There has been some debate about the extent to which the Triples were paid directly by UK forces.
I know that that was the case.
Does the Minister accept that and, if he does, does he not think they should be looked at under category 2 rather than category 4 of the Afghan relocations and assistance policy scheme?
There is a difference of opinion between the advice I receive from officials and the position the hon.
Gentleman has set out.
It would be good to bring him in to meet those officials, have that discussion and reach some truth.
Will the Ukraine action plan 2023 ever be published?
Better still, will there be a Ukraine action plan 2024?
And when will that be published?
We work hand in glove with the Ukrainian Government to make sure that the action plan is one that can win the war.
We have seen huge progress, in particular, in Crimea and the Black sea, and we look forward, throughout the House, to further progress in ’24 for our brave Ukrainian friends.
Given that homelessness among veterans has gone up by 14% and that it is a cross-departmental issue, what more are Ministers doing to ensure that all our veterans are housed?
As I said in answer to a previous question, homelessness remains a Government priority, whether or not someone is a veteran.
In general, the experience of our veterans, when they return to civilian life, is a positive one and we should celebrate that.
Clyde-built HMS Argyll is the oldest escort in the fleet.
She is currently in refit in Devonport and has been since August ’22.
Will the Minister for Defence Procurement advise when she will be recommissioned, re-crewed and back in service?
I will have to write to the hon.
Gentleman on that one.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Minister of State, Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office if he will make a statement on the situation in Israel and Palestine.
Let me begin by reiterating our fundamental belief in Israel’s right to defend itself against Hamas.
The events of  7 October  were truly horrifying.
Israel has a right to restore its security and to ensure that such horrifying events can never be repeated.
We are also clear that too many civilians have been killed.
Israel needs to ensure that its campaign is targeted on Hamas leaders and operatives, fulfils its obligations to protect civilians and is consistent with international humanitarian law.
No one wants to see this conflict go on for a moment longer than necessary.
That is why the United Kingdom played a leading role in securing the passage of UN Security Council resolution 2720, which made clear the urgent demand for expanded humanitarian access.
The resolution also called for the release of hostages and for steps towards a sustainable ceasefire, for which the British Government have consistently led calls.
Britain has been pushing a number of innovative and impactful approaches—especially, but not only, maritime delivery—to support aid for Gaza.
We are focused on the bigger picture and longer-term strategic value.
UK Ministers are lobbying the Government of Israel hard and regularly to allow more aid in and reduce the numerous constraints that are hindering many aspects of our and others’ efforts to help Gazan civilians.
We have appointed Mark Bryson-Richardson as our representative for humanitarian affairs in the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
Last week, a Royal Navy vessel delivered 87 tonnes of life-saving UK and Cypriot aid, destined for Gaza, into Egypt.