and learned Lady is right that some element of the serving force will be deeply invested in this matter.
Obviously the chain of command is there to support them and answer their questions.
Within the veterans community, the sentiment is very strongly held.
The reality is that there have to be limits to the UK scheme, as there are to those of other countries.
No country has made an open offer to those who served in the Afghan security forces; all countries’ offers are focused on those who worked directly with that country.
Clearly what direct service looks like is a matter for debate.
I suspect that a question on that is coming.
Surely special consideration must be given to those members of the Afghan special forces who, even if they did not  work directly for us, worked extremely closely with us.
Can the Minister tell the House how many, or how few, members specifically of the Triples and the special forces face a constant threat to their lives and ought to be rescued?
The number that is circulated is around 400 to 500, but that is not a number that the UK Government can necessarily verify because we do not have the employment records of those units.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
As we enter 2024, I pay tribute to and thank our armed forces for all their extraordinary work during 2023.
I know that the whole House will join me in that.
Sadly, 2024 is likely to be just as busy.
We have already discussed the intolerable situation of the Houthis closing international waterways.
We call for the Iranian-backed Houthis to immediately cease those attacks.
The Houthis will bear responsibility for the consequences should they ignore those warnings.
Happy new year to you and the whole House, Mr Speaker.
Two west Lancashire men, Robert Hanson and Arthur Pim, served in the RAF’s photographic reconnaissance unit during world war two, taking millions of photos over enemy lines.
Their efforts helped the allies to defeat the Nazis.
There remains no national monument to the PRU.
I am backing one; are the Government?
I am very grateful to the hon.
Lady for raising the subject, and I will certainly be happy to arrange for her to meet with a Minister to discuss it further.
Innocent Ukrainians have just seen in a second new year under some of the heaviest aerial bombardments since Russia’s illegal war began.
Will my right hon.
Friend please update the House on what steps he is taking to ensure Ukraine has modern aerial defence systems to protect innocent Ukrainians from these murderous, appalling airstrikes?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about this ongoing illegal war run by Putin.
We immediately responded to the attacks over the new year by bringing forward the gifting of 200 further air defence missiles.
I have mentioned already the international fund for Ukraine, which is helping to provide, among other things, air defence.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Minister for Defence Procurement has today confirmed that HMS Albion and HMS Bulwark, based in Devonport, which I am proud to represent, are still at risk of being mothballed.
He said that no final decisions have been made, so the risk to these ships is  real.
When will a decision be made?
Will the ships be cut, or will they be tied up alongside, flying the white ensign but never really putting to sea?
Of course anyone who is serious about the defence budget has to make the decision about whether to put into maintenance ships that have already served twice their intended lives—18 years and more, times two—and that would come out of that maintenance after brand-new ships were at sea.
There is obviously a decision for the Royal Navy to make on that, but I remind the House that there are eight Type 26s and five Type 31s under construction or under contract.