Last week, I wrote to the Foreign Secretary to ask him to condemn her genocidal words, but he refused.
Will the Minister now condemn her remarks and commit to taking the strongest possible action against her?
No, but I can tell the hon.
Member that, in respect of the humanitarian difficulties that he has identified, we are doing everything we can to try to secure unhindered humanitarian access, and we will continue to do so.
Given that Hamas will never accept a two-state solution, does the Minister agree that any two-state solution must exclude Hamas—or any renamed successor—from any role in the government of Gaza after this horror is all over?
There is clearly no place in any future settlement for Hamas and their vile ideology and terrorist actions.
The two-state solution must be driven forward by people of good will on all sides.
Last week, when the Israeli ambassador was told she was making
“an argument for destroying the whole of Gaza”,
she replied,
“do you have another solution…?”
Genocidal rhetoric like that has been echoed by a litany of Israeli officials and is matched by a murderous bombing campaign that has now killed more than 23,000 Palestinians.
That is why Israel now faces the charge of genocide at the International Court of Justice.
Will the Minister expel the Israeli ambassador for her genocidal rhetoric?
Will he support the case against Israel at the International Court of Justice, and will he end his Government’s complicity in this atrocity by banning arms sales to Israel and demanding an immediate ceasefire?
As I think the hon.
Member will know, we are pressing for a sustainable ceasefire as well as humanitarian causes, and we are doing everything we can in that respect.
In respect of the wider matter about international humanitarian law, the judgment that the Foreign Secretary made on  12 December  on these matters still stands.
There has been no additional evidence since that time to suggest otherwise.
Regarding the South African application into the International Court of Justice, our US allies have described it as
“meritless, counterproductive and completely without any basis in fact”.
The Irish Prime Minister also appears to have distanced himself from it.
Will my right hon.
Friend say a bit more about his view on that application at the ICJ?
Does he agree that using terms such as “genocide” is actually an inversion of the truth in this context?
I do think that using such inflammatory terms is unhelpful; I agree with my right hon.
Friend about that.
In respect of the ICJ, South Africa is entirely entitled to refer this matter.
Right hon.
and hon.
Members will reach conclusions for themselves on whether something like that is helpful at this time.
My right hon.
Friend, like me, will bear in mind that Israel is a state party to the Geneva convention of 1949, so it is obliged to take action against those accused of grave breaches of international humanitarian law.
Because of the nature of Israeli society, that is something that we would expect it to do, were those circumstances to arise.
Blwyddyn newydd dda—happy new year.
More than 23,000 people have died in Gaza since October and entire communities have been razed to the ground.
While the International Court of Justice has a clear definition of genocide, there remains no legal definition of ethnic cleansing.
Will the Government act to ensure a definition of ethnic cleansing in law so that this legal test may be applied to the conflict?
I am sure that there will be plenty of time for these legal concepts to be questioned and advanced, but the central aim of the British Government today is to get relief and humanitarian supplies into Gaza, to help those who are trapped there and who have been eloquently described across the House this afternoon.
Too many civilians and children have died.
A sustainable ceasefire is needed urgently.