If the latter is the case, does that not sound like a slap in the face for UK policy?
If it is the former—that she was making up her own view—how can she be relied upon as a faithful conveyor of the Israeli Government’s message?
My hon.
Friend will have noted a variety of different comments that have been made by Israeli spokesmen and Israeli Ministers, but it is very strongly the policy of the British Government, and many other Governments, that we should work, when this appalling conflict is over, towards a two-state solution where both Israel and Palestine can live behind secure and safe borders.
Happy new year to you and your team, Mr Speaker.
It is clear that any sustainable ceasefire will have to involve an accountability mechanism for the allegations of war crimes, whether the taking of hostages, rape or genocide.
Now that there is the case before the International Court of Justice brought by South Africa, UK residents have a right to know the approach that their Government are taking to that.
I asked the Minister on 11 and  19 December  to set out what mechanism for upholding international law the Government support.
For the avoidance of doubt, will he now say that the Government have a position on the court and what role it will play, and whether he believes all parties should abide by any outcomes from it?
The hon.
Lady is entirely right to talk about accountability mechanisms.
In this urgent question I have made it clear at least twice that the British Government are absolutely supportive of that and do not want any culture of impunity to pertain afterwards.
I have spelled out what the Government think about the reference to the international court.
We respect the role of the international court, and we are following closely what is going on.
It is up to the court to determine these matters.
Whether or not it is helpful to launch that challenge at this particular point is a matter on which there will be disagreement on both sides of the House.
Last week, I visited Kfar Aza for the second time.
Since I last went there four years ago, a massacre has taken place.
When I was at the kibbutz last week, I felt it was the closest to evil that I had ever been.
I met the families of some of the hostages.
I know that the British Red Cross and UN organisations are active on the ground in trying to look after the welfare of children.
However, that does not appear to extend to the hostages, one of whom is only 11 months old.
Will the Minister outline whether the Government are taking any steps to make sure that this is happening and that there is a strategy to ensure the welfare of the hostages?
My hon.
Friend is right to identify the agony being felt by so many of the hostages’ families, relations and loved ones.
Some 130 hostages remain in Gaza, and we are working closely with more than 20 countries to help to secure their release.
It is probably not helpful for me to give a running commentary in the House, but my hon.
Friend may rest assured that we are doing everything we can to secure their early release.
I heard what the Minister said earlier in response to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Argyll and Bute (Brendan O’Hara)  and a Government Back Bencher about the International Court of Justice, but I wonder whether he has had time to read South Africa’s 84-page application—it is rather damning, and some lawyers say it is a strong application.
I agree with the Minister that it is for the court, not politicians, to decide whether there has been a genocide.