What discussions is the Minister having with Cabinet colleagues to expand measures and address the costs incurred as a result of serving this country during the cost of living crisis?
The cost of living crisis has affected all our constituents, has it not?
Covid has made life difficult for everybody, but at the Ministry of Defence we have recognised as far as we can the pressures that bear, particularly on the lowest paid.
That is why we have accepted the 9.7% uplift in pay, which I think is unique across the public sector for the last year, having accepted in full the recommendations of the Armed Forces Pay Review Body.
I congratulate the Minister on the excellent work that he has done to support our armed forces with their cost of living.
May I ask him to be especially aware of the burden that falls on members of our special forces—the additional burdens that they bear within families as well as in the field?
Will he consider that when he thinks further about ways to ameliorate and support their living circumstances?
I understand my right hon.
Friend’s interest in this matter.
He can be sure that the special forces—although we never talk about them—are always at the forefront of our minds.
What military aid his Department plans to provide to Ukraine in financial year 2024-25.
I refer the hon.
Gentleman to the Secretary of State’s earlier answers to the former Secretary of State and shadow Secretary of State.
In 2022, the then Prime Minister Boris Johnson announced what military aid the UK would make available to Ukraine through to April 2023; in September 2022, the subsequent Prime Minister,  the right hon.
Member for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss) , announced—a full 15 months ago—what military aid she would make available to Ukraine through to April 2024.
Why has there not yet been an announcement on funding for Ukraine for the rest of 2024 and beyond?
In the interests of brevity, I refer the hon.
Gentleman to the answers given to the former Secretary of State and shadow Secretary of State earlier.
I welcome the successful conclusion of the RAF’s training of the first cohort of Ukrainian pilots.
As they move to learn to fly F-16s, can my right hon.
Friend commit that in the next financial year we will continue working with our allies to give Ukraine the pilots and planes they need to defend themselves?
Absolutely.
Any pilot training pipeline has a foundational level of flying training that we are able to deliver.
Similarly, given that English is the international language of aviation, we are able to do  language training as well.
Very obviously, the more aircraft-specific training has to be delivered by F-16 nations, but we are proudly part of that F-16 coalition.
What steps he is taking to support Israel in preventing terrorist attacks.
We have provided intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance to help anticipate any further attacks and to assist with hostage recovery.
Some 100,000 people have been displaced from their homes in northern Israel because of the fear that if Hezbollah adopt the same tactics as Hamas, the carnage could be even worse than on  7 October .
What are the UK Government doing to try to prevent more weapons from getting to Hezbollah, to de-escalate the situation and to see, at the very least, Hezbollah retreat further north from the border?
I thank my right hon.
Friend.
We are working alongside our P3 partners to de-escalate tensions on the blue line and reduce that risk of escalation.
We are continuing our efforts to support the resilience of the Lebanese armed forces, who we have helped elsewhere, with the eventual aim of getting them to the Lebanese southern border and ensuring implementation of UN Security Council resolution 1701.
What steps his Department is taking to recruit armed forces personnel.