Labour fully supports providing military aid to Ukraine, but what steps is the Secretary of State taking to speed up the development of a stockpile strategy, in collaboration with NATO allies, to replenish supplies and ensure that Ministry of Defence procurement and parts of the defence industry are on an urgent operational footing both to support Ukraine for the long term and to rebuild UK stocks for any future conflict?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right.
We already have a huge amount of military munitions and equipment on order both to replenish and to help continue to support Ukraine.
When it comes to Ukraine itself, the United Kingdom set up the international fund for Ukraine, through which we have numerous different orders in place for equipment for Ukraine, which has raised nearly £800 million.
I think up to £400 million is already committed through those contracts.
I congratulate my right hon.
Friend on the work he has done as Defence Secretary since taking on the Department.
His long experience in government has shown to the fore and I am delighted at the work he has done so far.
In June last year I wrote, at the request of No.
10 and the Cabinet Office, to request the 2024-25 funding for support to Ukraine.
The funding requested was between £2.3 billion and £2.6 billion.
Unfortunately, since that time we have heard nothing from the Government about what they plan to do for the next financial year.
Planners in the Ministry of Defence need time, as do the Ukrainians, to get used to it.
If we do not start making an announcement soon, we will fall behind many of our European colleagues who have already overtaken us with their support.
Mr Speaker, can I start by thanking my right hon.
Friend on behalf of everybody in this House?
He had the foresight to supply NLAWs to Ukraine ahead of time and the foresight to start training troops for Ukraine ahead of time.
Today I can say that we have trained 54,000 troops, including those who have trained since 2014.
He is absolutely right about the ongoing support for Ukraine.
All I can say is that he will not be disappointed and he will not need to wait too long.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
In just five days last week, Russia fired 500 drones and missiles at Ukraine.
Putin is stepping up his attacks, so we must step up UK support, but current military aid funding runs out in a matter of weeks.
The former Defence Secretary said—although not today—that without new money it is
“very hard to continue the leadership the UK has been taking on Ukraine”.
I asked the current Defence Secretary about the 2024 Ukraine funding in the House in November.
The former Defence Secretary wrote about it eight months ago.
Seven weeks from when I asked, I ask again: when will new military aid funding for Ukraine be announced, and will it be multi-year?
Perhaps the right hon.
Gentleman did not hear my previous answer: it will not be long.
To correct the record for the House, the funding—£2.3 billion—continues through to April this year, so it is not in any way, shape or form in danger of running out.
To reassure the right hon.
Gentleman and the House, I am also in constant contact with Umerov—my opposite number—and many others throughout the Ukrainian system, so they understand where funding is up to and are able to plan accordingly.
What recent assessment he has made of trends in the number of women employed in the defence sector.
A happy new year to you, Mr Speaker, and to all colleagues.