I thank the Secretary of State for his answer, and those in our armed services for their work protecting these important routes.
Can he update the House on his discussions and work with our international partners to de-escalate the tensions, so that we do not need all the protection work and can go back to the normal free flow of trade?
As my hon.
Friend will know, the Houthis have been causing havoc in that part of the Red sea, in particular attacking ships.
There was a 500% increase in attacks on maritime shipping from November to December, showing that there is no direct connection to the wider conflict in the region but a decision by Houthis to attack free trade.
That is unacceptable.
We are working with our partners, through Operation Prosperity Guardian and other measures, to tackle it.
The Secretary of State is absolutely right to point the finger at the Houthis, but we should not ignore the role of Iran in this enterprise.
What are he and the Government doing with our international partners to ensure that the merchant marine have the confidence to keep using the Red sea, which is critical to the smooth operating of world trade?
We call on the Iranian-backed Houthis to immediately cease these attacks.
The Houthis will bear the responsibility and, I have to say, the consequences should they ignore those warnings.
The right hon.
Gentleman asks what more we have been doing; I issued a statement along with 10 other countries during the break, in which we made clear that consequences will follow if they do not stop this action.
To be clear, the UK will not tolerate the Houthis closing international waterways.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I welcome what the Defence Secretary has to say.
These attacks on Red sea shipping must stop.
They destabilise regional security, disrupt international trade and put civilian and military lives in danger.
We back the UK action with allies in the new maritime protection force, and the joint statement condemning the Houthi attacks that the Secretary of State just mentioned.
He announced today but has not mentioned to the House that HMS Richmond is sailing to the Gulf.
In the light of these escalating tensions, what other Royal Navy ships has he put on stand-by for the region?
I did not mention that specifically because I have already made a written ministerial statement to the House.
HMS Richmond is sailing to the region because both HMS Diamond and HMS Lancaster are already there, and eventually they will need to be swapped out.
It is not escalation in terms.
I want to repeat to the right hon.
Gentleman, the House and the country that we will not tolerate trade being impacted globally in the manner in which the Houthis are impacting it.
It will have ramifications on everybody’s bills and on the flow of free trade and goods, and it must come to a halt.
We have made clear through that joint statement that we are prepared to take action if required.
I welcome the right hon.
Gentleman’s commitment to support us in that action.
When the UK took the important step of joining Operation Prosperity Guardian, the Secretary of State gave the House this update in a written statement.
He has done the same today, alongside his comments at questions.
If further action is required to deter Houthi attacks and to safeguard freedom of shipping in the Red sea, will he undertake to provide Parliament with an oral statement?
Yes.
I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, and a very happy new year to you and to the House.