Friend will forgive me if I do not speculate on his last point, but he is right that we need to work towards a sustainable ceasefire.
We need yet more urgently humanitarian pauses, because in order for there to be a ceasefire, both parties must be willing to accept it.
That is one of the reasons why Britain went to such effort to ensure that council resolution 2720 was secured.
The statement we have just heard really does not measure up to the needs of the occasion: 22,000 people already killed; 1.9 million displaced; thousands dying in the rubble; thousands of children dying because of a lack of medical care and food; and people dying of starvation, thirst and hunger in the Gaza strip at the present time.
Can the Government not understand the anger around the world when they watch this happening in real time, and why so many people are very pleased that the Government of South Africa have taken the initiative by going to the  International Court of Justice to hold Israel to account for the deaths of so many wholly innocent people in Gaza?
Can the Government not understand that and at least support the South African process?
The policy of the Government—supported, I think, by those on the Opposition Front Bench—is to secure a sustainable ceasefire.
The problem with the right hon.
Gentleman’s analysis, in my view, is that it does not take adequate account of the quite appalling events that took place on  7 October , when more Jewish people were murdered in a pogrom than at any time since the end of the second world war.
The Government have said that there will be consequences if Houthi attacks on international shipping continue.
What will those consequences be, when will they start, and will they include both the Houthi rebels and their Iranian backers?
My right hon.
Friend raises an important point.
That point is separate from the conflict in Gaza, but she will have heard what the Prime Minister, the Defence Secretary and the Foreign Secretary have said, and she will have heard those remarks echoed by our allies.
I very much hope that the Houthis and others will draw the right conclusion from that.
The right hon.
Member talked a number of times about resolution 2720, but the fact is that the aid is still not getting through.
There are not even sufficient bakeries to bake the bread for the people and, as Members have said, disease is rife in Palestine.
How are we going to support the innocent people that Hamas are using as shields, and that the IDF is also using to attack Hamas?
How can those people have any sort of a life when so many have been killed so far and so many are now affected by the huge amount of disease?
The hon.
Gentleman is right about the danger of diseases, which I spelled out a few moments ago to one of his hon.
Friends, but the critical requirement is to ensure that we focus on getting additional support in.
That is why we have supported so strongly the route in from Jordan to Gaza, and why the British Royal Fleet Auxiliary has been taking British and Cypriot aid from Cyprus down to Egypt.
Recently, the Israeli ambassador to the UK very candidly said that there was absolutely no chance of a two-state solution.
Has my right hon.
Friend worked out whether the ambassador was speaking independently, or whether she was reflecting the views of the Israeli Government?
If the latter is the case, does that not sound like a slap in the face for UK policy?
If it is the former—that she was making up her own view—how can she be relied upon as a faithful conveyor of the Israeli Government’s message?
My hon.