We are working alongside our P3 partners to de-escalate tensions on the blue line and reduce that risk of escalation.
We are continuing our efforts to support the resilience of the Lebanese armed forces, who we have helped elsewhere, with the eventual aim of getting them to the Lebanese southern border and ensuring implementation of UN Security Council resolution 1701.
What steps his Department is taking to recruit armed forces personnel.
We continue to apply an array of measures to support recruitment and retention and refine the armed forces offer.
Those include financial incentives, flexible service and an improved accommodation offer.
The Haythornthwaite review has a key part to play, and teams have been stood up across the Ministry of Defence to implement all 67 recommendations, working to establish a reward and incentive architecture that will attract and retain skills.
Colchester is the proud home of 16 Air Assault Brigade, the Army’s rapid reaction force.
My right hon.
Friend knows Colchester well.
What steps is he taking to promote recruitment into the parachute regiment based at Merville barracks in Colchester, one of the UK’s newest and most vibrant cities, where recruits will be embraced by our local community?
My hon.
Friend and I both have an affection for the city of Colchester.
The regiment continues to meet its operational requirements.
There is currently an internal transfer bounty scheme that offers a Haythornthwaite-compliant £7,500 to infantry private soldiers on successful transfer to the parachute regiment.
That supports the Army in moving towards its future soldier structure, and will certainly be of assistance to the regiment.
Despite the answer the Minister gave to  the hon.
Member for Colchester (Will Quince) , the fact remains that this year retention and recruitment into the armed forces is becoming a serious crisis.
What is the current difference between intake and outflow for the three services?
I am more than happy to write to the hon.
Gentleman with the detailed breakdown per service, broken down into regulars and reserves.
He is right to point out that right across the western world there is a crisis in retention and recruitment into the armed forces, but I hope that the measures that I described in answer to earlier questions indicate how we are trying to address that, not least by increasing the pay to members of our armed forces, especially the most junior.
I call Jamie Stone—not here.
If he will make an assessment of the potential impact of the ineligibility of certain Afghan armed forces personnel for the Afghan relocations and assistance policy on the wellbeing of serving and retired military personnel.
It is undoubtedly the case that many of those who served in Afghanistan are deeply disappointed that those they served with, either in the Afghan national army or the Afghan special forces, or in the wider apparatus of the state, have not been able to come.
I thank the Minister for his answer.
A constituent who served in Afghanistan told me recently that current and retired members of our armed forces face considerable torment when they see their former Afghan colleagues left high and dry by the British Government.
What active steps is the Minister taking to provide support to our service personnel in that situation, and to reunite the small but fortunate band of Afghan veterans that make it to the UK with their British service colleagues?
Within the serving cohort, such is the turnover of staffing within the armed forces that very few will have had direct operational experience alongside either the Afghan armed forces or even the patrol interpreters and others who are eligible for ARAP, but the hon.
and learned Lady is right that some element of the serving force will be deeply invested in this matter.
Obviously the chain of command is there to support them and answer their questions.
Within the veterans community, the sentiment is very strongly held.