I am sure that there will be plenty of time for these legal concepts to be questioned and advanced, but the central aim of the British Government today is to get relief and humanitarian supplies into Gaza, to help those who are trapped there and who have been eloquently described across the House this afternoon.
Too many civilians and children have died.
A sustainable ceasefire is needed urgently.
There are concerns about malaria, scabies and other diseases, so as well as food and medicines will the Minister prioritise fuel for hospitals and health workers?
There has been an increase in the amount of fuel getting into Gaza, but my right hon.
Friend is right that it needs to be distributed.
We are looking very carefully at how we can make progress on that.
More than 22,000 Palestinians have been killed, two thirds of them women and children.
Our own Foreign Secretary has warned Israel that civilian deaths in Gaza are too high.
Now a state has triggered the genocide convention, which will be determined by the International Court of Justice this week, yet Britain continues to grant weapons licences and to export weapons to Israel.
Does the Minister agree that it would be reckless to continue to grant weapons licences and to export weapons to Israel, as that could support a potential act of genocide and render UK Government officials complicit in genocide under article 25 of the Rome statute?
The hon.
Lady will know that Britain has one of the toughest arms exports regulation regimes in the world.
Clearly, any new applications would be considered by that very tough regime in the normal way.
Hamas leaders have long enjoyed impunity, moving freely between Turkey, Lebanon and Qatar, financing and amassing international support for their terror activities.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that this special treatment by those nations has resulted in Hamas accruing the capabilities that led to the barbaric, evil and, frankly, medieval  7 October  massacre?
Will he ensure that more is done to clamp down on states that facilitate the strengthening of Hamas?
My hon.
Friend makes a very good case.
He is right that we must ensure that those who perpetrate the dreadful evil to which he refers are not able to do so again.
Happy new year, Mr Speaker.
The Secretary of State has indicated that he is in contact with the Israeli Government and is expressing the Government’s views, but has he raised with them the prospect of widespread disease and famine among Palestinian people in Gaza?
If so, has he received any sympathetic response from the Israeli Government that they are aware that how they are conducting their bombing campaign is likely to bring that about?
These discussions are going on all  the time, and they are greatly assisted by the British Government’s appointment of Mark Bryson-Richardson, the humanitarian co-ordinator.
The Prime Minister, the Foreign Secretary and other Ministers have been actively engaged in making the points to which the hon.
Gentleman refers, so he may rest assured that there is no lack of explanation from the British Government in that respect.
We all want a sustainable ceasefire that leads to a lasting peace, but it is easy to forget that a ceasefire existed between Israel and Hamas on  6 October , and we all know what happened the following day.
Does my right hon.
Friend believe that a sustainable ceasefire can ever be achieved while Hamas remain in place?
I hope that my hon.
Friend will forgive me if I do not speculate on his last point, but he is right that we need to work towards a sustainable ceasefire.
We need yet more urgently humanitarian pauses, because in order for there to be a ceasefire, both parties must be willing to accept it.
That is one of the reasons why Britain went to such effort to ensure that council resolution 2720 was secured.