Differing rates are paid for workers with different skills and qualifications, which is normal practice in both the public and private sectors.
I understand that a generous pay offer remains on the table.
It would significantly improve the pay of the workers in dispute beyond the recent 2023 pay award, which has already significantly uplifted base pay for those specific workers, alongside over £4,000 in bonuses.
It is disappointing that GMB members have voted to continue industrial action, but DE&S officials continue to be open to talks with the GMB on a constructive basis.
The pursuit of exquisite exclusivity in defence procurement is to be lauded, but can the Minister confirm that his Department is also focused on procuring the logistic platforms that we need to sustain it?
Is it perhaps time for a defence operational capability audit to look into that key capability gap?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point—of course, he speaks with great experience.
As we have been stressing, the whole point of acquisition reform is, instead of seeking exquisite platforms, to go for 80% to get them into service faster and then to have spiral development.
We think that that is the future of procurement.
Our nuclear veterans waited 70 years for recognition and are waiting even longer for justice.
In a debate last year, the Minister promised “in the days  ahead” to examine 150 documents relating to blood and urine tests held by the Atomic Weapons Establishment.
What did his examination find?
That is certainly my intention—I have not seen them yet but I intend to.
The hon.
Lady will have seen the list of 150; I think she will be disappointed about the content of those documents when she sees them, because very few of them will give us any information that will take us any further forward.
But I committed to reading them and will certainly do so in the very near future.
Ministers know that Sir John Moore barracks in my constituency is due for disposal in 2026 as part of the future soldier programme, which will bring phase 1 capability to the Pirbright site and put 900 houses in its place.
Will a Minister meet me to ensure that the current ministerial team is right behind the move and, if it is, that we have an intelligent masterplan that does not just help Winchester City Council to meet its housing targets?
I am more than happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
The 2023 armed forces satisfaction survey confirmed that half of personnel do not believe that their family benefit from being a service family.
The impact of service life on family and personal life remains a top factor behind the intention to leave, so what does the Secretary of State propose to do to listen to forces families and implement policies to make a difference?
It is very important that our service personnel feel that they are not only honoured when they go to war but comfortable at home.
One of the big things I am doing is pressing forward with the review of armed service accommodation, including by providing £400 million to improve that accommodation, which will make the lives of service personnel better at home.
A
“short-sighted, militarily illiterate manoeuvre totally at odds with strategic reality”
was how the Defence Committee described, in February 2018, the proposal to retire HMS Albion and HMS Bulwark ahead of their anticipated lifetime dates of 2033 and 2034.
May I advise and warn the Secretary of State not to be blindsided by the people who are raising this matter again after a change of Secretary of State for Defence?
I point out that, of course, they will be five years older, but I again stress to the House that no decision has been made on the landing platform dock vessels.
Let me take the Minister back to the Triples.