Friend for her remarks.
Our contact and heavy involvement with the Red Cross and Red Crescent is happening daily.
In terms of her  core remark, it is the British Government’s endeavour to ensure that there will not be impunity for those who commit these horrendous crimes.
No matter how long it takes, we will do everything we can to ensure that that impunity does not exist.
The Israeli Defence Minister has set out proposals for the post-war governance of Gaza involving a multinational taskforce working with Palestinians to restore peace, order and normality.
What is the British Government’s assessment of those proposals?
We greatly welcome all constructive proposals, and we welcome the point that the Israeli Minister has made that when this dreadful conflict is over, Gaza must be run by Palestinians.
Overcrowding and inadequate food, water, shelter and sanitation—the World Health Organisation has already warned that these are ideal conditions for disease to spread.
What steps is my right hon.
Friend taking to support partners on the ground in Gaza to help prevent the outbreak and spread of disease?
My hon.
Friend is entirely correct.
There is a huge danger that, as a result of insufficient food, appalling sanitation and inadequate shelter—made worse by the winter rains—these conditions will persist, and that is why we are intent on trying to get the number of trucks that get into Gaza up to 500 a day.
It is also why we have deployed this medical team, working with others, to see what can be done immediately on the ground.
The Israel Defence Forces chief spokesperson reflected on Saturday on the destruction of Hamas in the north of Gaza, before the IDF starts to tackle Hamas more seriously in the centre and the south.
He said:
“We will do this differently…based on the lessons we have learned from the fighting so far.”
What confidence does the Minister have that Israel will conduct its counter-insurgency operations in such a way as to abide by international humanitarian law?
It is not for me to second-guess the military tactics of what is going on in Gaza, but all I can say to the hon.
Gentleman is to repeat the point I have made before: all parties must ensure that their actions are proportionate, necessary and minimise harm to civilians.
Members of the Israeli Government have expressed their desire that settlers should return to Gaza at some point after the conflict.
Away from the terrible massacre taking place in that awful conflict zone, the situation in the west bank continues to deteriorate.
In a very welcome move, the UK Government announced that they would bring in travel bans on violent settlers, but does the Minister agree that in order to deter this activity, which is worsening by the day, something more draconian may be needed?
Would he please look at instituting immediate bans on trade with settlements?
I can tell my right hon.
Friend that his first point, about the importance of these matters, is well understood by the Government.
On his second point, that is not the policy of the Government.
He will be aware that we are opposed to boycotts, divestments and sanctions—that is the position of the Government.
Senior representatives of Israel continue to use language endorsing genocide against Palestinians.
Prime Minister Netanyahu said that the IDF would turn Gaza into rubble, and a senior leader in the Israeli army has said that, in Gaza:
“There will be no electricity and no water…there will only be destruction”
On LBC radio last week, the Israeli ambassador advocated the full destruction of Gaza and said that there was “no alternative”.
Last week, I wrote to the Foreign Secretary to ask him to condemn her genocidal words, but he refused.
Will the Minister now condemn her remarks and commit to taking the strongest possible action against her?
No, but I can tell the hon.