When was the decision taken to no longer produce them, and will the Minister commit today to producing them in the interest of transparency?
I cannot give the right hon.
Gentleman a straight answer to that because I cannot remember when the figures were withdrawn, but I can certainly look into it and write to him.
On pinch points, he will be aware that, through Haythornthwaite-type processes, we are incentivising people to join parts of defence that are underpopulated at the moment, such as chefs and—
Order.
I call Sir Michael Fabricant.
My hon.
Friend has already acknowledged the importance of women in the armed forces.
Will he join me in expressing belated thanks to retired Air Marshal Sir Baz North, who, in a difficult constituency case, helped me to get someone into the Royal Air Force, and will he join me in praising that person, Lowri Simner, who has just been promoted to squadron leader?
Absolutely.
I join my hon.
Friend in congratulating them both.
The service family accommodation at Clive barracks in my constituency is concerning.
A family who have severe health problems are living in a mouldy house.
The Defence Infrastructure Organisation does not want to spend the money on fixing those problems; it wants to move them into a different house for the second time in two years.
What are the Minister’s commitments on upgrading and maintaining the housing stock, particularly on sites that are earmarked for closure, such as Clive barracks?
The hon.
Lady is welcome to write to me about that specific case.
I pay tribute to her because she consistently raises such accommodation issues—we had an exchange about them in Westminster Hall.
She mentions DIO money and, as I said in that exchange, the key is investment.
We have doubled the budget for maintenance and upgrades this year as part of the extra £400 million that we are putting in.
That is  why we can address the damp and mould in so many properties.
I am happy to look at the specifics of the case she mentions.
As the media report the retirement of HMS Bulwark and HMS Albion, there are obvious questions about Britain’s future amphibious capability, which was used so admirably during the Falklands war, along with the unrivalled skills of our specialist troops.
Does the Minister agree that our Royal Marine commandos are an asset that we cannot afford to lose?
I absolutely agree.
I just want to correct a point that I made earlier: I was talking about frigates, but I think  the hon.
Member for Plymouth, Sutton and Devonport (Luke Pollard)  was talking about the landing platform docks, on which no decision has been made.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wrexham (Sarah Atherton)  mentions, the Royal Marines are absolutely essential.
I have asked the First Sea Lord to provide a plan for how their excellent work will be taken forward.
The long-running industrial dispute at Defence Equipment and Support in Beith in my constituency started in July last year and looks set to continue as workers fight for free and equal treatment.
Given the important work that is undertaken at that facility—not least to ensure that vital equipment is dispatched to Ukraine—will the Secretary of State personally intervene to break the stalemate, end the dispute once and for all, and provide equality for all workers at the Beith site?
I know how important this issue is to the hon.
Lady.
Differing rates are paid for workers with different skills and qualifications, which is normal practice in both the public and private sectors.
I understand that a generous pay offer remains on the table.
It would significantly improve the pay of the workers in dispute beyond the recent 2023 pay award, which has already significantly uplifted base pay for those specific workers, alongside over £4,000 in bonuses.