The reviews will inform a programme of improvements in the way we deliver the compensation scheme and how we provide welfare support to ensure a consistently high level of service.
The responses will set out our commitment and high-level plans, in particular how we will make our services less adversarial and more user-friendly.
As promised by the Prime Minister, medals are being issued to recognise those who participated in Britain’s nuclear testing programme during the 1950s and 1960s.
Some families have expressed a wish for a presentation ceremony for their medal.
How would the Minister recommend that those are organised, whether locally or nationally?
Nuclear test medals have been mailed to thousands of recipients to ensure that as many as possible had received them before Remembrance Sunday, and also with the advanced age of some of the recipients in mind.
My sense is that that was the right thing to do and has been appreciated by recipients.
Naturally, there are opportunities—my hon.
Friend may have such opportunities himself—to thank veterans and mark their contribution.
I think the lieutenantry in some counties has done so, but the imperative was to get the medals out before Remembrance Sunday.
I spent the recess studying the veterans strategy action plan with its 60-odd commitments and thinking about the views of the Minister for Veterans’ Affairs on what he calls the “lack of political horsepower”.
Why is it, after 14 years and so many commitments, that 76.4% of veterans are so dissatisfied with the compensation scheme  for illnesses and injuries, and why are 500 veteran households declared homeless every three months, as we have heard?
Is there still a lack of political horsepower or is there a need for better co-ordination between the—
Order.
I am not being funny, but I have a whole list of questions to get through.
We have to have shorter questions—that was very long.
I think the Minister got the gist of it.
I got the gist.
The armed forces compensation scheme and the war pension scheme will be dramatically improved by the ongoing digitalisation of veterans’ services.
That is a huge commitment that will bring us into the 21st century and improve the service that is provided to veterans who are seeking compensation.
The hon.
Gentleman will know that in the last financial year there were 61 complaints to Veterans UK and 2,000 expressions of thanks for the services people had received.
What recent progress his Department has made on the AUKUS partnership.
I am pleased to confirm that we have made significant progress in developing the AUKUS partnership.
The AUKUS defence ministerial meeting last month announced a range of tri-national activities taking forward advanced capabilities, including our deep space advanced radar capability, DARC.
Australian personnel are training in the UK and the US, and £4 billion-worth of contracts have been awarded to UK companies building SSN-AUKUS.
Finally, Congress passed legislation to enable AUKUS to facilitate frictionless trade between partners, including the reform of the international traffic in arms regulations.
The Secretary of State, together with the Australian Prime Minister, was recently welcomed at Rolls-Royce Raynesway in my constituency as part of the AUKUS preparations.
I am sure the Minister would also be welcomed, if he can find time in his schedule for a visit.
Two years ago, Rolls-Royce opened its doors to the UK’s first nuclear skills academy, which takes on 200 apprentices annually and trains them to become nuclear engineers.
Has the Minister considered how the Government can work with Rolls-Royce to further the UK’s nuclear skills capacity?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for her excellent question and I would be delighted to visit Raynesway.
Last August, I was pleased to announce the launch of the nuclear skills taskforce, jointly with the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie) .