Friend ask the Church Commissioners to consider additional funding for the parish to improve the village hall?
I congratulate all the volunteers in the parish of Bewcastle on their work to tackle social isolation and loneliness.
I will look into the specific case that my hon.
Friend mentions and see what advice can be given to support her.
I also commend the work of the Good Shepherd multi-academy trust, which is in her constituency and supports children, families and communities to flourish.
I welcome the Second Church Estates Commissioner to her place, and thank her for her answer to the previous question.
As everyone knows, the purpose of any church is to tell the greatest story ever told—the story of the gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ—but alongside that they have practical purposes, which  the hon.
Member for Carlisle (Ms Minns)  referred to.
Those purposes include looking after the elderly, as well as children, through childcare and nurseries; and there is also the social media and the events that churches host.
Those are the practical outpourings of the gospel in the lives of those whom we reach.
What will the Church Commissioners do to ensure that those things happen, alongside the telling of the gospel?
As the hon.
Member highlights, there is so much that the Church does by way of outreach in our communities.
It also ensures that there is good infrastructure to protect all our communities, including children and young people.
What steps the Church is taking to support the development of housing on derelict former church sites.
When a church is closed, a formal legal process under the Mission and Pastoral Measure 2011 is followed.
There are currently 127 cases in which a new use is being found for closed church buildings; only two are cleared sites, and they are waiting for disposal.
I welcome the hon.
Lady to her place.
Eastbourne declared a housing emergency last year, and the key thing we need to do to address that emergency is build our way out of it.
The commissioners preside over a perfect brownfield site for housing: the site of the former St Elisabeth’s church on Victoria Drive, just down the road from where I went to school.
It has been derelict for 20 years, and since the church on the site was demolished four years ago, there has been no sign of development whatsoever.
I urge the  commissioners to develop that site into affordable housing, and I appeal to the hon.
Lady for an urgent update on the situation.
Since 2022, the Church Commissioners have been working with the diocese of Chichester to market the site and find a developer.
I am pleased to say that a developer is in the process of agreeing to a conditional contract for a mixed-use development that will include convenience retail and housing, some of which will be much-needed affordable housing, which the hon.
Member mentioned.
That development will need planning permission, and that is being explored with the local authority now.
What steps the Church is taking with developers and local authorities to ensure that residents in new towns and villages have access to places of worship.
Local authorities are not currently required to consider the building of new places of worship, but under the national planning policy framework they are permitted to include places of worship among a range of community buildings in a development.
Where local authorities include places of worship among community buildings, the Church Commissioners seek to promote these facilities.
Development should be about building places and communities where people can live fulfilling lives, not just building houses, and places of worship play an important role in that.
Will the hon.
Member work with Ministers to ensure that the Government’s new towns commission incorporates the creation of places of worship in new towns?