Does he really want the Government to get involved there?
I know that the Prime Minister wants everyone to be able to afford concert tickets, but what is wrong with the way that he gets them?
The truth is that dynamic pricing has many different forms and some of them are good.
For instance, early bird tickets benefit many people, as does buying last-minute tickets for the theatre.
We will not interfere with that, but we will have a call for evidence about how that works in relation to live events.
On ticket pricing, the real scandal is that, for example, the face value of standing tickets for Coldplay at Wembley on  22 August 2025  is £96.23, but when I checked StubHub this morning they cost £17,633.
That is the real scandal and that is what we are going to deal with.
I call Bob Blackman—not here.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
After 14 years, this Government have opened the books to find a legacy of violent indifference and neglect of arts and culture that has created serious challenges for our proud creative industries.
I am pleased to tell the House that the Government’s international investment summit this week put creative industries at the heart of our economic strategy.
Thanks to the support of partners such as Netflix, Universal Music and Tate, we were able to welcome £63 billion of investment into the UK.
Later today, in Downing Street, I will launch a new covenant with our civil society partners to reset what had become a needlessly antagonistic relationship under the last Government.
We look forward to working with those across the UK to help fulfil the country’s enormous potential.
The Wigan & Leigh short film festival, which took place last month, was once again extremely successful.
It is a fantastic opportunity to gather like-minded creative individuals from the local area to celebrate and showcase up-and-coming talent from around the world.
That is just one example of the enriched film and TV culture that is so vibrant in my constituency.
I wholeheartedly welcome the Government’s announcement of tax reliefs to create jobs and boost our creative industries—
Order.
Topical questions are meant to be short and punchy, not a big, long question, Jo.
Minister, can you pick the best out of that?
I completely agree with what my hon.
Friend was about to say.
Which part: the first three minutes or the second?
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The Secretary of State believes that it is not good policy that counts, but good vibes: the violent indifference that led  to a booming creative sector is no longer; the culture war is over; and we, the vanquished, submit ourselves for re-education along with the rest of the public.
The problem is that every DCMS sector tells us that they want more than vibes; they need decisions and they want a Budget that will deliver.
Can she tell us whether she is among the panicked Ministers who have written to the Chancellor about the Budget and their spending asks, and which has she listed as her priority?
I am not entirely sure what the “vibes” issue is, but I will say that I do not need to write to the Chancellor.
Unlike under the previous Government, we have a very close relationship and we tend to pick up the phone when discussions need to be had.
Alongside the Chancellor, the Secretary of State for Business and Trade and the Prime Minister, I was pleased this week to welcome £63 billion of investment into the UK to put creative industries at the heart of our economic strategy.
I spoke to some of the DCMS stakeholders who went to the investment summit, and they came away worried.
They see a Government who absolutely milk their stardust, but all they hear is new taxes, new employment regulations, other Departments riding roughshod over DCMS interests and delays to decisions.