The excellent curator Anna Maluk put on a Pride exhibition in Congleton Museum, hosting photos from those early events and featuring art from the local LGBTQIA+ community.
Since then, more Pride events have grown in Sandbach, Alsager and, for the first time this summer, Holmes Chapel.
At one of these events, it was suggested to me that these are really just a family fun day—a village fête, if you will.
It is true that the events are fun, fabulous and family-friendly, but beyond the live music and bright clothing remains a serious message.
The hard-working volunteers who make these Pride events happen do so in the face of repeated homophobic hate crimes.
Similarly, there is still a backdrop of fear attendant in many women’s daily lives.
Women in my constituency have written or spoken to me about their experiences of sexual violence.
I say to the young women who have talked to me—you know who you are—that I will fight for you, and all young people, in this place every day.
That will include ensuring that, when embracing new technology and innovation, as we have done this week at the international investment summit, we find ways of protecting people from new threats—whether that be people looking at tractors on their smartphones in this workplace, or artificial intelligence baking in discriminatory decision making.
Unfortunately, new technologies also bring the potential for harassment, discrimination and abuse, and we must not be caught off guard—we must get on the front foot on that.
My constituency has a long history of developing new technologies.
The constituency boundary bisects the site of Jodrell Bank, the amazing radio telescope.
Sandbach was the proud home of ERF and Foden trucks.
The first Foden traction engine was built in Sandbach in 1881, and that was followed by the production of heavy goods vehicles for 150 years.
The history and heritage of Foden still runs through the blood of the town, with the annual transport festival and its incredible parade of vintage trucks, wagons, classic cars and even the odd plane on the common.
My constituency is also home to one of the world’s leading brass bands, Foden’s Band, which was born out of the works in 1902 and has twice won, and twice been runner-up, in the national brass band championships of Great Britain.
I will work across this House to stand up for the incredible, entrepreneurial and community-minded people and businesses of the beautiful place that is the Congleton constituency.
Lastly, I want to say some thank yous.
I thank the volunteers who helped me to get here and continue to support me, to whom I am very grateful.
That includes those from the Labour party, and I make special mention of the Fabian Women’s Network mentoring scheme.
I thank my adored family, who are in the Public Gallery today.
When I am in Westminster, I miss you so much.
I hope I do all of you proud.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I start by congratulating my hon.
Friend  the Member for Buckingham and Bletchley (Callum Anderson)  on his powerful maiden speech.
I am not sure that when he and I attended a Birmingham University Labour Students meeting back in 2009, either of us anticipated that we would be making our maiden speeches in the same debate.
I want to start by saying what an honour it is to stand here as the Member of Parliament for Banbury.
As a Banbury lad who has never sought to represent anywhere else, I want to repeat what I told residents on the doorstep during the campaign: this is the job I have always wanted.
To everyone who helped make that happen, I can only say thank you.
I also want those  residents to know that now I have this job, I promise that I will work hard every day to deliver for them, whether they voted for me or not.