Gentleman made about the workforce; I believe by resetting the relationship with the workforce, we can have a much more positive relationship with the sector in the future.
Over 300,000 children have benefited from the entitlement offer since September this year, which demonstrates that we are actively engaging and working with parents to promote opportunities to take up the offer.
We will continue to do so.
On school-based nurseries, the pilot during the testing phase is for 300 places from April.
Our ambition is for 3,000 places over the course of this Parliament.
I look forward to working with the hon.
Member constructively to bring about the change that early years education so desperately needs.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
I am absolutely delighted to hear of his enthusiasm for the scheme, which will make a huge difference to communities up and down our country.
We are starting a test-and-learn phase in April; the roll-out will be in September.
We want to learn from that approach, and I would be delighted to work with him on this matter.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for the opportunity to deliver my maiden speech in this important debate on international investment, the benefits of which will be felt right across all regions of our country.
I want to begin by paying tribute to my predecessor, Mark Eastwood.
He was a dedicated servant to his previous constituency of Dewsbury.
On behalf of myself and our community, I say thank you.
Being the Member for the area in which I grew up is truly the honour of my life.
I will forever be grateful to the people across Ossett and Denby Dale who put their faith in me to represent the area that I proudly call home.
I pay tribute to the Labour members across the constituency, especially stalwart member Robert Gosling, without whom I would not be standing here today.
I would also like to take the opportunity to thank my parents for their support, as well as my brother, who has always been there for me during some of the most challenging times.
I am delighted that they have travelled from Wakefield to be in the Public Gallery today.
Their own commitment to our community in their long careers of public service—working hard and talking straight—are principles that I hope to emulate here.
My mum is so committed to the north that this is her first ever trip to London—proof, were it ever needed, that us northerners only come south if somebody makes us.
I know many Members have already spoken about the beauty of their patches, but with respect, I must make the case for Ossett and Denby Dale.
Driving from Ossett towards the Wakefield rural villages and into  Denby Dale, the sky widens and the moors roll out before you.
On that drive, when I see the Emley Moor mast appear from the horizon, built taller than the Eiffel tower, I know I am home.
It is beautiful, it is Yorkshire and it is the place that made me who I am today.
It is not just those moors and views that move me; it is also the people who call them home.
We are people of talent, community and, as good Yorkshire folk say, hard graft.
In fact, that beautiful landscape is the fruit of exactly that graft, of that talent.
You see it in the pits dug across the countryside that served to fuel and heat our nation.
You see it in the fields—ploughed, planted and grazed by countless generations to feed not just Yorkshire but the rest of the country.
You see it in the town markets, which have bustled with small traders, craftsmen and local farmers for generations.
That landscape is not just the cradle of talent, but a product of it.
Each town, each village has its own community, its own culture—all quietly, proudly distinct.