It may expire at the end of March next year.
The right hon.
Gentleman knows very well that spending review issues are a matter for the Treasury—let us see what comes out of that review.
I have had lots of representations, and he makes a good point.
My beloved  Aston Villa made their first appearance in the European cup for over 40 years this season, but fans faced ticket prices of £94 to see that first-in-a-generation moment.
Does the Secretary of State agree that we need greater fan representation on football boards, so that football remains accessible to all?
I am pleased to offer my hon.
Friend our support on that.
The football governance Bill, which we intend to introduce shortly, will significantly advance the protection of fans.
We are working with the widest range of partners, and we hope to command proper cross-party support, as the previous Football Governance Bill did before the election.
East Devon district council is making available £207,000 for young people’s sports facilities in Honiton.
How can central Government contribute to that initiative?
We are pleased to have announced investment worth £123 million in grassroots sports facilities for the coming year.
Demand currently outstrips the pace at which such facilities can be created, but the Government are absolutely determined to work with the hon.
Gentleman and partners across the House to ensure that we give our young people the facilities that they deserve.
Historic England recently announced a £750,000 commitment to rebuilding the beautiful Victorian arches of Madeira Terrace in my constituency, which the Minister for Creative Industries, Arts and Tourism visited with me during the election campaign.
That commitment is welcome, but such projects are expensive and take time, so what can the Secretary of State do to support heritage projects around the country, and will she come to Brighton with me to see the work in progress?
I think my hon.
Friend may be getting me again.
It is a great delight that the arches will be sorted, not least because we launched his election campaign at that very site.
Our heritage is a key reason why so many international visitors come to this country.
If we can get the mix of historical and modern right, I am sure that we can challenge France for international visitor numbers.
The hon.
Member for Battersea, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked—
What steps the Church of England is taking to support parish life in small rural communities.
With your indulgence, Mr Speaker, as this is my first time responding to questions, I would like to take this opportunity to pay tribute to my predecessor as Second Church Estates Commissioner, the former Member for South West Bedfordshire, Andrew Selous, for his work in the role.
I certainly hope to do my best in it for parliamentarians and commissioners.
Turning to my hon.
Friend’s question, the Church of England operates 16,000 parish churches, over half of which are in rural areas, along with Church schools.
It provides the largest network of buildings in England that serve communities—buildings that are used for worship and education, as well as warm spaces and hubs for activities such as food banks, post offices, credit unions and other social and community initiatives.
The parish of Bewcastle in the north-east corner of my constituency is perhaps best known as the home of the Bewcastle cross, probably the finest example of pre-Norman carving in England.
Geographically, it is a very isolated community, but every single month, parishioners organise a vibrant community hub, which is critical in overcoming social isolation and loneliness.
Next month will mark 1,350 years since the carving of the cross, so will my hon.
Friend ask the Church Commissioners to consider additional funding for the parish to improve the village hall?
I congratulate all the volunteers in the parish of Bewcastle on their work to tackle social isolation and loneliness.
I will look into the specific case that my hon.