I am pleased to hear the Minister’s response, but the growing concerns were raised by the Chair of the Select Committee following comments by a Minister in the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology.
With that in mind, will the Minister confirm that he will not give away IP through an exemption?
Will he assure the House that he will not implement the EU’s approach, given its flaws?
Finally, will he commit to holding a summit between the tech and creative industries to explore licensing and other models?
It is absolutely essential that we protect intellectual property, which is one of the key things this country has to sell.
We have already had two meetings with representatives from the creative industries and tech companies, and we are keen to move forward.
I welcome the hon.
Gentleman on his décolleté first appearance at the Dispatch Box.
However, I gently push back on his suggestion, as I think the previous Government had embraced Bucks Fizz more than anything else:
“Don’t let your indecision take you from behind.”
The previous Government did absolutely nothing in this territory.
We are determined to get to a proper resolution that satisfies the needs of both the creative industries and artificial intelligence.
What steps she is taking to support grassroots athletics clubs to maintain their facilities.
Grassroots sports clubs are at the heart of communities up and down the country.
We know just how important they are, which is why we are committed to continuing to support high-quality, inclusive facilities to get people more active.
Crewe and Nantwich athletic club, which celebrated its 50th anniversary this year, is home to the only competitive-standard athletics track in south Cheshire.
However, the track is in desperate need of improvements so that the club can continue to flourish and support the young people who use its facilities.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss what support might be available to deliver those crucial improvements?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his important question and congratulate Crewe and Nantwich athletic club on half a century—what a great achievement!
Such sports clubs are crucial to helping our young people to pursue their sporting passions.
I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss the matter, but in the meantime I will ask my Department to link the club up with England Athletics and other bodies for further discussion of the support available.
What steps she is taking to support the financial sustainability of English football.
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this incredibly important issue.
Football is one of our greatest exports and is a source of joy to people across the country.
For too long, however, robust protections have not been in place to ensure that every town, village and city can share in that success.
May I take the opportunity to pay tribute to the former Sports Minister Dame Tracey Crouch for her work leading the fan-led review of football governance?
The Government committed in the King’s Speech to the football governance Bill and we expect to introduce it shortly.
I associate myself with that tribute and thank the Secretary of State for her reply.
My constituency is the proud home of Reading football club, which managed to stay up last season against the odds but which has been the victim of financial mismanagement by absent owners.
We desperately need the Government’s football governance Bill, which will set up a regulator to safeguard clubs like Reading and prevent future abuses.
Will the Minister meet local fans and me to discuss what we can do to protect the club?
The Sports Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Barnsley South (Stephanie Peacock) , will be absolutely delighted to do so.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Earley and Woodley (Yuan Yang)  and to the three Reading MPs for their work to protect something that is so incredibly important to their town.