Eastbourne art galleries such as the Towner and Devonshire Collective VOLT—it made the tie I am wearing—contribute so much to our town and to our country, but the sector faces serious financial pressures.
Will the Minister meet me and a delegation of art galleries to discuss them?
I will happily meet the hon.
Member, who makes a very good point.
We have hundreds of museums and galleries across the country.
Some of them receive funding directly from Arts Council England.
We want to talk to Arts Council England about how we can ensure that there is more support for our museums and galleries.
Some of the funding comes directly from our Department.
I am happy to meet him to discuss that.
I advise the House that my sister works for Rugby League Cares.
The Minister will know that my constituency is the birthplace of rugby league.
At a professional and community level, the game is really important to towns such as mine, but it has not always had the support that it deserves.
The Rugby Football League has produced a national community facilities strategy, which states the level of funding that is needed for the game.
What steps is she taking to support long-term investment in rugby league?
We know just how important the work of the Rugby Football League is in communities —I have seen it at first hand, as I know you have, Mr Speaker.
It is one of the reasons the RFL has received  just under £1 million in funding from Sport England over the past financial year to help tackle inequalities and improve access.
I look forward to working with the sport in the months and years ahead.
I look forward to the increase as well.
When mobile providers started to turn off the 2G and 3G networks earlier this year, we were told that it would have no impact on existing services, but the experience in my constituency is the contrary, particularly along the M74 motorway network.
Will Ministers investigate the impact of the switch-off to date, and ensure that necessary improvements are made so that we have a full network across the whole of the United Kingdom?
I think this is a hangover from yesterday’s questions on telecoms, but the right hon.
Member makes a very good point.
One of the things that keeps me awake at night is worrying about what will happen to the transition for people with telecare devices, which rely on the old public switched telephone network.
We are keen to have a safe transition.
Exactly the same issues apply to 2G and 3G. I will happily meet with him, if that would help.
In Southend East and Rochford, the Freight House and the Kursaal sit vacant.
In times gone by, my community used those sites greatly.
We cannot allow buildings with such cultural capital potential to sit vacant.
Does the Minister agree that the regeneration of cultural sites such as the Kursaal and the Freight House is central to a prosperous community?
I very much welcome the work that my hon.
Friend is doing to champion his community, and offer him the Government’s support for it.
I am working with the Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government ahead of the publication of our forthcoming devolution plans to ensure that we give communities the tools to bring our proud heritage sites back into use, and to repurpose them for future generations.
I urge the Secretary of State and the ministerial team to take account of the listed place of worship grant scheme, which is particularly valuable to many churches up and down the country, and to not allow the Treasury to trim it back.
It may expire at the end of March next year.
The right hon.
Gentleman knows very well that spending review issues are a matter for the Treasury—let us see what comes out of that review.