Development should be about building places and communities where people can live fulfilling lives, not just building houses, and places of worship play an important role in that.
Will the hon.
Member work with Ministers to ensure that the Government’s new towns commission incorporates the creation of places of worship in new towns?
The Church Commissioners are very much invested in place-making; it is at the core of their approach to bringing forward new homes for communities across the country.
They have sought a meeting with my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government to discuss the Church’s strategic land, and the potential to build up to 70,000 new homes.
The diocese of St Albans has several good examples of how the Church is contributing to community-building in the Mid Bedfordshire constituency, and I will write to the hon.
Gentleman with further details.
What steps the Church has taken in response to the findings of Sarah Wilkinson’s independent review into the Independent Safeguarding Board.
The General Synod of the Church of England considered the Wilkinson review at its meeting in July 2024.
The synod has commissioned a detailed analysis of four options for the organisational structure of safeguarding independence.
The intention is for them to be presented to the synod at the next meeting in February 2025, which I hope to attend.
I welcome my hon.
Friend to her role; she is doing a fantastic job.
My constituent has been involved in that process.
Can she help to secure a meeting with my constituent to discuss the findings and the work in more detail?
I will do whatever I can to secure a meeting.
It is important to put on record that there has been much engagement with all the survivors, who have been involved throughout the process.
I will certainly write to my hon.
Friend to see what we can do to ensure that a meeting is secured.
What steps the Church is taking to recognise the positive impact of individual members of the clergy in the communities they serve.
I call Marsha de Cordova—you are earning your money today.
I certainly am, and so are my thighs.
At a national level, the contribution of local clergy and lay people is usually recognised through the Archbishops’ medals or a Lambeth degree.
Most dioceses also have their own awards.
Clergy and lay volunteers are eligible for nomination to relevant orders, and for decorations and medals, and there are opportunities in the wider civil honours system where appropriate.
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for that answer.
I am full of praise for the hard work and dedication of all our clergy, but sometimes an individual goes above and beyond.
That is true of Reverend Canon David Williams, who on Christmas day will lead his last service at St Mary’s, Princes Risborough, after 15 years’ service to that town and the surrounding villages.
His work includes having supported thousands of children through Lighthouse Princes Risborough, and his role as a trustee of the Princes Centre and other charities, including those supporting the homeless.
Will the hon.
Lady join me in thanking David and his wife Jo for their 15 years’ service to Princes Risborough?
What more can the Church do to recognise his and others’ hard work?
I place on record my thanks, congratulations and appreciation of Reverend Canon David Williams and his wife—as we know, these things are always a partnership—for all their good work in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency.
The Diocese of Oxford is thankful for the dedicated, pioneering and innovative work of the clergy and their great contribution to the Church’s ministry and mission, and to our local communities.
I hope that the hon.
Gentleman will pass on my thanks, and that he will be present for the reverend’s final service on Christmas morning, to congratulate him in person.
What progress the Church has made on developing interfaith understanding.