We know that we must grasp this thorny issue, and we are committed to working with her and other colleagues to get it right.
The horseracing industry, which is a British success story, is dependent on income from responsible gambling.
I was glad to hear what the Secretary of State said about responsibly enjoying a flutter.
This is nothing like some of the problem gambling that we see online, and the proportion of bets on horseracing that are deemed to be problematic is comparable to the proportion of problematic users of  the national lottery.
What plans does she have to reform the betting levy and the affordability checks that have been in train for some time?
I should tell the House that the Tote is headquartered in my constituency of Wigan, which gives me an insight into the industry, which I have had a relationship with for many years.
There will be a debate on horseracing next Thursday in Westminster Hall.
This industry is worth £4 billion to the UK economy, so this Government certainly take it incredibly seriously.
Baroness Twycross is having discussions with representatives from across the industry, and I am sure that she would be delighted to discuss this with the hon.
Member as well.
I call the shadow Minister.
No one wants to see people caught up in problem gambling, but equally, no one wants to see businesses struggle and jobs lost.
As the Secretary of State said, we want this industry to thrive, yet this week that was threatened after it was rumoured that the Treasury is planning a £3 billion tax raid.
That has already seen £3 billion wiped off the value of bookies.
Can the Secretary of State clarify whether she supports the industry or the Treasury?
Did she raise her concerns about the rumour, and when will we see the gambling reforms brought forward with a timetable for scrutiny by this House?
I gently say to the hon.
Gentleman that he should know, as we do, that we cannot believe everything we read in the papers.
As he will have heard in my previous answer, we are determined to strike the right balance.
As I said in answer to  the hon.
Member for West Suffolk (Nick Timothy)  a moment ago, we are aware of the value of this industry and of its importance, and not just for the UK economy but for the joy it brings to many people and the employment prospects it offers in every nation and region of the United Kingdom.
We are also aware of the problems that can be caused by problem gambling.
Like the previous Government, we are determined to talk to the widest range of partners and ensure that we strike the right balance between protecting people from the problems that can ensue and supporting a growing industry.
When she plans to launch a consultation on secondary ticketing and dynamic pricing.
We want to put fans back at the heart of live events and we want to ensure that more of the revenues come to the creative industries.
That is why we will be launching a consultation on the secondary ticket market soon —the piece of paper in front of me actually says “in the autumn”, but I am never quite sure when that is, so I am going with “soon”.
I am grateful to the Minister for his answer.
I understand the need to look at secondary ticketing, but dynamic pricing is a contractual bargain between buyer and seller, based on supply and demand.
It actually gives us cheaper tickets as well as more expensive ones.
Does he really want the Government to get involved there?
I know that the Prime Minister wants everyone to be able to afford concert tickets, but what is wrong with the way that he gets them?
The truth is that dynamic pricing has many different forms and some of them are good.