Blyth Spartans in my constituency are arguably the most famous non-league club in the UK, but they are now up for sale, with the current chairman failing to deliver on his promises and to engage transparently and openly with the supporters.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that non-league football clubs are at the heart of communities and that engagement with supporters is critical to their survival?
I am incredibly grateful to my hon.
Friend for his question, and I completely agree.
Now that he has put it in Hansard, perhaps Blyth Spartans are the most well-known club in the country.
I echo his comments about fan involvement at every level of the football pyramid and, indeed, in grassroots football.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
From grassroots to professional, the number of women’s teams has more than doubled over the past seven years.
Cheltenham Town Women have a thriving team, with junior and adult sections.
Sadly, one place above them in the table this season are Lewes FC, who are running the “Equal FA Cup” campaign.
Does the Minister agree that it is time for equality of prize money across the men’s and women’s FA cups?
I am incredibly grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for asking such an important question.
The Government are fully committed to supporting and growing women’s sport, and to ensuring that it is on an equal footing with men’s sport.
The ambition to have equal prize money across sport, where possible, is absolutely right.
I know that the Football Association took steps last season to double the prize fund for the women’s FA cup, and we will pay close attention to see what happens next.
What recent assessment her Department has made of the impact of youth services on levels of antisocial behaviour in Great Grimsby and Cleethorpes constituency.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for all her work to support young people in her constituency over many years.
It is a source of national shame that youth funding decreased by 73% under the last Government—one of the deepest cuts made to any of our public services—and that there was no real strategy for a generation of young people.
This Government are determined to get a grip on this issue to ensure that young people in towns such as Grimsby have the opportunities that they deserve.
I thank the Secretary of State for her answer.
A shining example of youth services and their positive impact is the Haven Centre in Osborne Street in my constituency, where a dedicated team offer diversionary activities through sports and crafts and give essential mentoring and support.
Since opening, the Haven has played an important role in reducing antisocial behaviour, with reported incidents down by 35% in the town centre over the last year.
Will the Secretary of State join me in commending the staff at the Haven and all the youth providers across Grimsby and Cleethorpes, and recognise the vital role that they play in providing safety for young people and giving them access to new skills and facilities that they otherwise would not have?
Order.
That was a very long question.
I would be delighted to pay tribute to youth workers up and down this country, who have done incredible work.
They have been a lifeline for young people in what has been a very bleak landscape for too long.
I was very pleased to work with my hon.
Friend and the East Marsh United group in her constituency, and she has done incredible work to support the community over many years in order to facilitate Grimsby’s OnSide youth club, of which we have a fantastic example in Wigan.
I very much look forward to working with her to develop this work.
There is one in Chorley too.
As the Member of Parliament for a bit of Grimsby, I share the support of  the hon.