When I was 11, my mum’s life changed.
She enrolled on an access course, did A-levels, then graduated with a degree in botany—no mean feat with three young kids.
The fact that she was able to access higher education is testament not only to the last Labour Government, but to the grit and determination of working people in our community.
To understand why is to learn the founding story of Bangor University: 140 years ago tomorrow, on  18 October 1884 , Bangor University opened its doors to its first ever cohort of students.
Bangor University, the first in north Wales, was not founded by rich benefactors or philanthropists, but quarrymen and farmers who believed in the transformative power of education.
They set aside money from their wages every week because they knew then, as we know now, that education is the way to get on in life.
Our story is one of resilience and of people who believe in supporting each other.
All across Bangor Aberconwy, you will find incredible people who work hard day in, day out to support others in our community—people like Jaynie Black and the volunteers at Ty Hapus; Ginnie Rogers and the Friends of Mostyn Street; Brenda at Hope Restored; the wonderful women I met last week at Dyma Ni Befriending; Pobl i Bobl; Maes Ni; Hwb Ogwen; our food banks, our churches and our mosques; and our town, city and community councillors.
There are too many to mention, but we owe them all a huge debt of thanks.
Diolch o galon i chi gyd. [
Translation: Heartfelt thanks to you all.]
I am proud to be part of a Labour Government who are firmly on the side of working people.
I am proud to be part of a Labour Government who are committed to breaking down the barriers to opportunity for young people growing up in communities like ours.
And I am proud to be part of a Labour Government who understand that tackling the climate and nature crisis is not only the biggest challenge we face, but an opportunity for economic growth.
The subject of today’s debate is this week’s record-breaking international investment summit.
Before coming to this place, I spent my career working with start-ups and SMEs, so I know how important economic and political stability is for business.
Under this new Government, Britain is truly the best place to do business, and there is huge potential in our corner of Wales ready to be unleashed.
We have a proud industrial history; a wealth of talent in science and technology; and wind, waves and mountain ranges.
Everywhere you look, you will find ingenuity and innovation, and communities full of pride, purpose and potential.
To finish, I am proud of our past and I am excited for our future.
Whether you live in Penmaenmawr or Pwllglas, Bangor or Bontuchel, Conwy or Cerrigydrudion, I will fight tooth and nail to bring investment to our area,  while promoting our Welsh language and culture, to make sure that our young people know that these opportunities exist and are for them.
There is much to do, and it will not happen overnight, but I hope to do every single one of my constituents proud.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for allowing me to make my maiden speech.
When I drive around my Congleton constituency, I thank my lucky stars that I have the privilege of both living in and representing somewhere  so very beautiful.
It is made up of gorgeous rolling countryside, farmland, hedgerows and oak trees.
The farmers work all hours to produce the food that we need.
It has views of the giant radio telescope at Jodrell Bank and the natural beauty spot Bosley Cloud.
It is Arcadia within commuting distance of Manchester, Crewe and Stoke, and I cannot tell the House how much I truly love it.
The constituency is a growing place, with around 5,000 extra houses in the last few years.