Alongside the Chancellor, the Secretary of State for Business and Trade and the Prime Minister, I was pleased this week to welcome £63 billion of investment into the UK to put creative industries at the heart of our economic strategy.
I spoke to some of the DCMS stakeholders who went to the investment summit, and they came away worried.
They see a Government who absolutely milk their stardust, but all they hear is new taxes, new employment regulations, other Departments riding roughshod over DCMS interests and delays to decisions.
Can the Secretary of State be specific?
When she says that she is “putting rocket boosters” under the creative industries, what does that mean in practice?
As I announced to the House last week, it means introducing an independent film tax credit, which the previous Government talked about for several months and did absolutely nothing about.
I have to say to the hon.
Lady that after the legacy that her Government left, which has brought our proud country to its knees, it takes some brass neck to stand at the Dispatch Box and criticise this Government.
We are fixing the problems that her Government created, and a little bit of humility might go a long way.
In March 1974, a Turkish Airlines jet crashed while flying from Paris to London.
More than 400 people were killed.
Among them were 19 members of the Bury St Edmunds rugby club.
It was the greatest disaster to befall the town in living memory.
This year, 60 cyclists cycled from Paris to Bury St Edmunds, raising £200,000 in their memory.
Will the Secretary of State join me in congratulating these bold cyclists?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his important question.
I congratulate the cyclists on completing their fantastic ride and on the impressive sum of money that they raised.
I pay particular tribute to Austin Cornish, the organiser of the ride, whose father died in that crash.
Women are those most often criminalised for non-payment of the licence fee.
The BBC charter review offers an opportunity for the Government to look at this issue again.
Will the Government consider decriminalising non-payment of the licence fee?
I thank the right hon.
Member for raising this important issue.
I am deeply concerned by the number of cases that have been brought to my attention since taking office of women who have fallen foul of this practice.
I have personally had discussions with the BBC leadership about that.
Obviously, the charter review, which we intend to start early next year, offers us an opportunity to look at these issues in the round.
Order.
We are going to have to get through the questions more quickly.
We do not have much time.
I recently visited the fantastic Shinfield Studios in the constituency of my hon.
Friend the Member for Earley and Woodley (Yuan Yang) and saw the huge value that our creative industries can bring to my constituents.
Will the Minister please tell me what the inclusion of the creative industries in the industrial strategy and the huge investment delivered at the investment summit last week will deliver for my constituency and others like it?
It is great to see my hon.
Friend here.
First, we want to ensure that more international movies and blockbusters are made in the UK, and we want to increase investment.
With more sound stages, we should be able to challenge Hollywood.
I also want to ensure that every single child in this country can consider a career in the creative industries, whatever background they come from.
I draw attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Eastbourne art galleries such as the Towner and Devonshire Collective VOLT—it made the tie I am wearing—contribute so much to our town and to our country, but the sector faces serious financial pressures.
Will the Minister meet me and a delegation of art galleries to discuss them?
I will happily meet the hon.