I hope that the hon.
Gentleman will pass on my thanks, and that he will be present for the reverend’s final service on Christmas morning, to congratulate him in person.
What progress the Church has made on developing interfaith understanding.
Some 85% of the global population have a faith that shapes their day-to-day life.
The Church has been working at a global, national and local level to improve interfaith understanding and engagement.
At home, it engages with national and local networks to support faith and civic leaders, mayors and MPs in building trust and resilience in their local communities, as they did during and after the most recent civil unrest.
I welcome my hon.
Friend to her post; she is doing a fine job.
Will she join me in congratulating the local faith communities across the diverse and tolerant town of Reading on their work to support one another, and to understand one another’s faith?
I associate myself with that tremendous work; it is wonderful to see different faith communities working together for the whole community.
I also put on record my support for the retiring Bishop of Reading, Bishop Olivia, and pay tribute to her for her outstanding work to tackle knife crime in our community.
I join my hon.
Friend in congratulating all those working across all faiths to ensure that there is good, strong community cohesion, and I congratulate the retiring bishop.
That is important across constituencies that, like Reading, have diverse communities with diversity in faith.
What steps the Church is taking to mark the 30th anniversary of the ordination of women.
What steps the Church is taking to mark the 30th anniversary of the ordination of women.
It is so important that we celebrate women who have been ordinated.
Tuesday 12 March 2024  marked the 30th anniversary of the first ordinations of women as priests in the Church of England, and about 6,500 women have been ordained since 1994.
Women now make up about one third of the clergy in England, and obviously this proportion is growing.
Many services of celebration have taken place across the country to recognise the considerable contributions that these women have made and continue to make to the Church.
However, as we all know, there is still a long way to go and much more work to be done in this area.