I am grateful for the opportunity to make my maiden speech today.
I congratulate my hon.
Friends the Members for Ossett and Denby Dale (Jade Botterill), for Congleton (Mrs Russell), for Buckingham and Bletchley (Callum Anderson) and for Banbury (Sean Woodcock) on their excellent contributions today—my thanks to them all.
It is the honour of my life to have been elected as the Member of Parliament for Bangor Aberconwy, and I offer my heartfelt thanks to everyone who supported me on my journey to this place: to my partner and my two kids, who I will not name—because my entry into the world of politics has already caused them enough embarrassment as it is—to my brother Mike, my sister Pam, my nieces and nephews, and all my friends back home; and to my dad, who is watching from the Gallery today, something that would never have been possible were it not for the incredible staff of Ysbyty Gwynedd, who have saved his life on more than one occasion.
I want to thank my incredible campaign team, my agent Jim Hoey and Ken Stevens.
I also pay tribute to the late Councillor Bill Chapman, who is very sorely missed.
Without his encouragement much earlier in my career, I would not be here today.
Bangor Aberconwy encompasses the former constituency of Aberconwy, as well as parts of what were Arfon and Clywd West.
I thank all three of my predecessors, and their staff, for all their work in the support of local residents.
Robin Millar served as the Member for Aberconwy from 2019.
I know that his work supporting hoteliers during the pandemic was very much appreciated.
David Jones served as the Member of Parliament for Clywd West and served in the role as Secretary of State for Wales during his time here.
Hywel Williams served as the Member of Parliament for Arfon and the previous Caernarfon constituency for over 23 years—a Member who was and still is very well respected by the communities that he served.
I also pay special tribute to Betty Williams, who served as the Labour MP for Conwy from 1997 to 2010.
She is a real Labour legend who is still remembered with huge fondness locally.
If I can be half as good an MP as Betty was, I will be doing okay.
I have listened to many maiden speeches and noted that there is hot competition for whose constituency is the most beautiful in all the land—I am sorry, but game on!
Bangor Aberconwy includes the seaside resort of Llandudno, the historic town of Conwy, Betws-y-Coed, Bangor pier, the Carneddau mountains, the Dyffryn Ogwen valley—too many beautiful places to name.
I must, of course, mention my hometown of Penmaenmawr, which was the favoured holiday destination of Prime Minister William Gladstone, and my adopted home of Llanfairfechan.
I have noticed, too, that it is customary to elaborate on one’s political roots—childhood memories of being dragged along to party meetings or folding leaflets at the kitchen table—but I am afraid that was not me.
Politics was not really discussed in our house.
For our family, direct action meant going out with a bucket and torch to rescue frogs.
Largely thanks to my mother, my formative years were spent bird watching, pond dipping, bat counting and on long mountain walks.
My mum knew the value of our natural world and how vital it is that we protect it.
I will make it my mission in this place to do so in her memory.
When I was 11, my mum’s life changed.
She enrolled on an access course, did A-levels, then graduated with a degree in botany—no mean feat with three young kids.
The fact that she was able to access higher education is testament not only to the last Labour Government, but to the grit and determination of working people in our community.