It has views of the giant radio telescope at Jodrell Bank and the natural beauty spot Bosley Cloud.
It is Arcadia within commuting distance of Manchester, Crewe and Stoke, and I cannot tell the House how much I truly love it.
The constituency is a growing place, with around 5,000 extra houses in the last few years.
The population is divided between the Cheshire market towns of Alsager, Sandbach and Congleton, alongside the larger village of Holmes Chapel, and many beautiful smaller villages, such as Rode Heath, Church Lawton and Goostrey.
There can be few more idyllic spots in the country than sitting outside the Swettenham Arms next to the Lovell arboretum, overlooking St Peter’s, the archetypal village church.
Though each town and village has its own unique character and history, the joys and challenges experienced by the families who live there are often remarkably similar.
They include families whose children have special educational needs and disabilities, who often face extensive challenges getting the diagnoses and support that they need.
Those families need our help, and I will do everything that I can to assist them.
I have been pleased to hear the Prime Minister referring repeatedly in this Chamber to those difficulties, and I am confident that he will help us too.
Families will also benefit from Labour’s review of shared parental leave.
Some 54,000 women a year lose their job when they are pregnant or on maternity leave.
Women actually out-earn men in their 20s.
The gender pay gap is in many respects actually a motherhood penalty.
Men taking longer periods of paternity leave is a way that we could normalise parental leave and potentially reduce those problems.
I thank the Government for starting the consultation on this matter imminently.
I pay tribute to campaign groups such as Pregnant then Screwed, Rights of Women, the Dad Shift, Parenting Out Loud, and the TUC and trade unions, which are all doing incredible things in this field.
Many homeowners in my constituency have been affected by leasehold and fleecehold problems, and will welcome our planned reforms on these issues, to which I intend to contribute.
They include older people, often the backbone of our communities, who provide childcare for grandchildren, and often volunteer as well.
Sometimes, however, they do so in avoidable pain while on NHS waiting lists that are too long.
Those are just a few of the issues that I intend to apply myself to as MP for Congleton.
Let me take the House back to Congleton’s history.
Congleton is known as Beartown, owing to a local story that in the 1600s the town saved up to buy a new Bible.
Shortly before the summer fête, the village bear died, so the townsfolk agreed that rather than buy their Bible they would postpone the purchase and get a new bear with the money instead.
Congleton is very entrepreneurial across the whole constituency, and many of our small businesses feature references to the bear.
It is also in our local iconography everywhere.
We have the Beartown Tap and Beartown beer.
The bear features pretty much everywhere, as does our fantastic statue of Elizabeth Wolstenholme-Elmy, which was lobbied and fundraised for by local feminists.
Elizabeth, who based herself in Congleton from 1874 until her death in 1918, played a   significant role in the women’s suffrage movement, founding the Women’s Social and Political Union and campaigning for women’s education and voting rights.
I hope that I shall think of her often in this place.
Another of our most famous local figures, although quite different, is Harry Styles, whose hometown of Holmes Chapel is now a point of pilgrimage for his fans.
I am sure that everyone is sorry to hear today of the death of his former bandmate Liam Payne—we all extend our condolences to his friends and family.
Local people have set up a walking trail associated with Harry Styles.