Another of our most famous local figures, although quite different, is Harry Styles, whose hometown of Holmes Chapel is now a point of pilgrimage for his fans.
I am sure that everyone is sorry to hear today of the death of his former bandmate Liam Payne—we all extend our condolences to his friends and family.
Local people have set up a walking trail associated with Harry Styles.
If anyone fancies it, I would strongly recommend following it, with a stop in any of our local independent businesses on Holmes Chapel high street.
I would probably include a drink at the George and Dragon or the Bottle Bank, or both.
I know that both publicans do a lot of voluntary work within our community.
People volunteering is common in my constituency, as I know it is in the constituencies of many other Members.
Whether they are coaching football at Vale Juniors or any of the other community sports clubs—there are too many for me to list—planting trees and conserving and maintaining our woodland and footpaths, as the Sandbach Woodland and Wildlife Group does, and as a similar group does in Congleton; helping young people through uniformed groups such as scouts, guides and the various air cadets, some of which I have visited; running schemes to support men’s mental health, such as the Goostrey Community Shed, Holmes Chapel Men in Sheds, or the new Sandbach men walking and talking group; or even running a community energy power plant in Congleton Hydro, we have the most amazing set of citizens.
I am so grateful for the fantastic contribution that they make to help others, support those who need it, and truly make my constituency the fantastic place that it is.
On the topic of contribution, I pay tribute to my predecessor, Fiona Bruce.
Congleton has had three MPs in its history, all of them women: Ann Winterton, Fiona Bruce and now me.
I know that many Christians in the constituency and beyond appreciated Fiona Bruce’s advocacy on behalf of the religious community, both in the UK and internationally, in her role as envoy for religious freedom.
We have many active local church groups in our community, and they contribute a great deal of very varied support.
Churches and secular volunteers and organisations, including food banks, food pantries and the Old Saw Mill, are all quietly providing much-needed food support within the community.
They do this for a far larger number of adults and children than the apparent affluence of the area would superficially lead one to expect.
As a discrimination lawyer, and someone who went into politics because of the value that I place on equality and inclusion, I will continue to advocate for the rights and freedoms of all my constituents, and celebrate the diversity within our community.
I recently attended the One World festival in Alsager, which was first established by Margaret Keeling 30 years ago.
It celebrates the diversity of nationalities living within the Alsager community, with food, activities and lots of performances from local schoolchildren.
It really is a delight—thank you, Margaret.
Another of the many achievements of the fantastic volunteers in my constituency is that we have regular Pride events.
Congleton held its first Pride about five years ago.
I pay tribute to Richard Walton, Ronan Clayton and all those who were involved in setting it up.
It is now ably chaired by Malcolm Pope, who is taking it from strength to strength.
The excellent curator Anna Maluk put on a Pride exhibition in Congleton Museum, hosting photos from those early events and featuring art from the local LGBTQIA+ community.
Since then, more Pride events have grown in Sandbach, Alsager and, for the first time this summer, Holmes Chapel.
At one of these events, it was suggested to me that these are really just a family fun day—a village fête, if you will.