Although it did not change hands politically between 1922 and 2024, change did come to Banbury in a big way.
Old industries such as making cloth in Chipping Norton or aluminium in Banbury went, while new ones such as logistics with companies such as DHL and TWE Haulage, food processing with Fine Lady Bakeries and Go Fresh, and  high-end mechanical engineering with the Haas Formula 1 team and Prodrive came in instead.
Other industries, such as brewing, moved within the constituency.
We can no longer get a pint in a Hunt Edmunds pub, but Hooky beer from Hook Norton is on sale across the United Kingdom.
The building of the M40 in many ways permanently changed Banbury from a small, semi-industrial market town into something completely different.
Thousands of new homes have gone up as our area has become increasingly attractive for commuters to Oxford and London, but we still have a council waiting list that has quadrupled in a decade and a private sector that cannot meet the need.
Meanwhile, vital infrastructure such as schools, roads and health services have failed to meet demand, posing fair questions from the community for those, like me, who support the Government’s ambitious house building agenda.
While they have changed, Banbury, Chipping Norton, Charlbury and the villages of north and west Oxfordshire have not lost their sense of community.
The community united across political divides, and none, in defence of our local Horton General hospital when it was faced with downgrading, successfully fighting it off in 2008 and less successfully in 2016.
As the use of food banks grew in the years after 2010, people across the area came together to help support those in need.
For example, the Chippy Larder in Chipping Norton has become a much-loved community resource.
Food security in Banbury cannot be considered without mentioning our rural farming communities and perhaps the most famous farm in the country: Clarkson’s farm.
For all the entertainment that the series has provided, for me the most important aspect of it is the light that it shines on the huge challenges faced by our farmers, and not just in the Banbury constituency but throughout the UK.
I hope that the Government’s programme to support them will relieve many of the burdens that have made farming so challenging for so long.
Southill Solar farm on the edge of the Wychwood forest near Charlbury provides community owned power to 1,200 homes.
That is another reason I am so passionate about this Government’s exciting agenda on renewable energy.
Then there is the volunteer driver service in Banbury, taking the elderly or those less able to hospital and GP appointments at nominal rates.
Throughout the pandemic, as in other places, people across Banbury worked hard to help those less fortunate during that most testing of times.
Banbury’s community, led by some of its many thousands of Polish citizens, got together again to gather supplies to support the Ukrainian civilians fleeing that conflict, while welcoming others into their homes and communities.
On that note, I pay tribute to my predecessor, Victoria Prentis.
Although there was much in the campaign that we disagreed on, this side of the House was united with the Conservative party in support for Ukraine.
I pay tribute to Victoria’s decency and her clear compassion for humanity, exemplified as much by her taking a Ukrainian refugee into her home as by her nine years of service to the community.
As for myself, I stand here in support of this Government and their mandate for change—something that Banbury has a history of embracing.
Before I finish, I want to thank my family for their support, in particular my wife  who, despite having multiple sclerosis, remains the strongest, most steady and most stable woman I have ever met.
I stand here as someone Banbury born and bred, ready to build a better Britain and a better Banbury, and I am determined to do it.