I very much look forward to working with her to develop this work.
There is one in Chorley too.
As the Member of Parliament for a bit of Grimsby, I share the support of  the hon.
Member for Great Grimsby and Cleethorpes (Melanie Onn)  for the excellent work carried out in the area.
However, the Secretary of State rightly criticises the last Government for reducing the resources made available to the youth sector.
Can she reassure me that this Government will actually increase those resources?
We are determined to grip this issue.
One of the things the new Government discovered when we opened the books is that, although there are several funding sources within my Department and across Government, there is no youth strategy at all.
We are determined to set that right.
We will develop and co-produce a strategy for a generation of young people, working alongside them and with the incredible youth workers at The Haven, the OnSide youth zones and many other places, including in Chorley, to support a generation to succeed.
What recent discussions she has had with representatives of the creative industries on AI.
I have had many meetings with the creative industries, which have raised AI at every single one.
I make it absolutely clear that human creativity deserves remuneration.
Wherever we end up, the rights of artists, musicians, publishers and journalists need to be protected while we garner the significant benefits of artificial intelligence.
AI-generated creations that mimic real people—deepfakes—can lead to financial and reputational damage for musicians and other creatives.
However, as the domestic violence charity Refuge pointed out last year, the most common AI-generated deepfakes are non-consensual sexual depictions of women.
How do the Government plan to ensure that creatives, as well as women and girls, are adequately protected from the misappropriation of their voice, image, name and likeness?
I am glad that my hon.
Friend has raised this important issue that affects many people.
In the words of Stephen Sondheim, “art isn’t easy,” and neither is the legislation in this area, but we are determined to look into it.
It is already a criminal offence to share an intimate image without consent, whether real or synthetically generated, and we will deliver on our manifesto commitment to ban the creation of sexually explicit deepfakes.
I call Jim Shannon—at least he’s not fake.
I am the real thing, Mr Speaker.
The creative industries in Strangford and across Northern Ireland are very important.
In responding to the point raised by  the hon.
Member for Congleton (Mrs Russell) , it is important that Northern Ireland has similar consideration.
Has the Minister had an opportunity to speak to the relevant Minister in the Northern Ireland  Executive to ensure that anything that happens here to protect women and ladies also happens in Northern Ireland?
The hon.
Gentleman makes a good point.
Although some of the areas we are discussing are, of course, devolved, we want to make sure that the whole UK moves forward in the same direction.
I am keen to talk to my counterpart in Northern Ireland about this subject.
I call the shadow Minister.
It is an honour to stand at the Dispatch Box for the first time, although I have to admit that it is not how I pictured it.
I will do my best not to be a pain in your neck, Mr Speaker.
In a nutshell, the creative industries are worried that the Government will essentially give away their intellectual property.
I am pleased to hear the Minister’s response, but the growing concerns were raised by the Chair of the Select Committee following comments by a Minister in the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology.
With that in mind, will the Minister confirm that he will not give away IP through an exemption?
Will he assure the House that he will not implement the EU’s approach, given its flaws?