Building on the success of Sure Start—the last truly transformative prevention programme for young children—we would create the Young Futures programme to help prevent violent crime.
It would be a targeted programme in every area to identify the young people most at risk of being drawn into violent crime and of buying these products that we are seeking to restrict.
We would build around them a package of support that responds to the challenges they face.
As well as providing support to young people—I welcome the £100 million of existing funding to divert and support young people through preventive work—does my hon.
Friend agree that it is crucial to provide positive role models through mentoring to every young person in the country?
I have worked on that with the charity UpRising, which I have chaired for many years.
Does he also agree that we should look at institutions such as the Royal London Hospital and its trauma unit, which has worked on the frontline dealing with the results of knife crime, whether in hospitals or out with paramedics?
We can draw on a great deal of knowledge to tackle this epidemic.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for that intervention, because she has done incredible work that is admired by me and the shadow Home Secretary.
A lot of what I am about to talk about is based on that experience, because that work has been very good.
The Young Futures programme will bring together services locally to better co-ordinate the delivery of preventive, evidence-based interventions around a young person that help to tackle mental health issues, substance abuse issues, and issues that people might get into with their friends and family.
We will then bring that together in a national network that shares evidence, delivers support for teenagers at risk of being drawn into crime across boundaries and, where appropriate, could deliver universal youth provision.
Then, crucially—this speaks to the point just made by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bethnal Green and Bow (Rushanara Ali) —we would build out from that, with youth workers in accident and emergency units and in custody centres, and with mentors in pupil referral units, to target young people who are starting to be drawn to violence.
Those are change moments, particularly in healthcare and custody settings.
We know it might be the moment when an individual who is sliding into serious violence, whether as a perpetrator or a victim, may need that intervention.
It might be the moment where we can get that change in behaviour that will in many cases save their lives.
That is why it is so crucial that we have this degree of investment into young people, because otherwise such measures will not work.
The hon.
Member makes good point.
As  the right hon.
Member for Orkney and Shetland (Mr Carmichael)  pointed out, a lot of this work has been going on in Scotland.
Has the hon.
Member met Medics Against Violence, whose “Navigator” project does exactly what he is talking  about within a hospital setting?
It intervenes through people with lived experience to try to get young people into that frame of mind where they might want to exit that lifestyle and that violence they have got themselves into.
There is clearly much that we can learn from the Scottish approach.
I have not had the opportunity to meet Medics Against Violence, but on the hon.
Member’s recommendation I will seek to do that.
We strongly support the idea of support and mentors in A&E and custody settings.
The evidence shows that would be highly effective.
We need to end the exploitation of children and young people by criminal gangs, and that includes county lines.
We need a new criminal offence of child exploitation and a new serious organised crime strategy to go after those cowards who make millions off the back of exploiting young people.