”—[Official Report,  31 January 2024 ; Vol.
744, c. 857.]
But the small print was that they had to add many years to their mortgage.
Three million people have been coming off fixed-rate mortgage deals this year and last, so does the Chancellor agree with the Prime Minister that British homeowners have never had it so good?
The way we are helping families with mortgages is not just through the mortgage charter, which is a lifeline to many families, but by bringing down inflation.
We have been having a few pops about Labour’s confusion about its £28 billion policy, but the real reason we are against it is that going on a borrowing splurge pushes up inflation, pushes up interest rates and makes mortgages more expensive.
It is under a Conservative Government that interest rates, inflation and mortgage costs have gone up.
The Government need to take responsibility because, after 14 years, this out-of-touch Government are making it harder for ordinary people to get on.
If the Chancellor decides to campaign in next week’s by-elections, what will he say to the 3,100 people in Wellingborough who are remortgaging and paying £210 more on their mortgages every month, and to the 2,800 people in Kingswood paying £270 more a month because of the Conservative mortgage penalty?
What I will say to them is that responsible, difficult decisions, the vast majority of which the shadow Chancellor opposed, have seen the inflation rate more than halve and interest rates likely to have peaked.
Last year, we built more houses in one year than in any single year under the previous Labour Government.
We are  doing everything we can to help bring down mortgage rates, but a £28 billion borrowing spree will make them worse not better.
In 2011, the Government quite rightly set up the fund to compensate victims of the Equitable Life scandal.
Notwithstanding the fact that the Government did not give them enough money, we know that the fund will not be fully spent on the people being compensated.
Will my right hon.
Friend ensure the fund is used for the benefit of the people who suffered in the scandal, rather than being returned to the Treasury?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question and I will write to him with the specifics of the answer.
Many of my constituents whose lives have been destroyed by the loan charge scandal feel the central injustice is that the Government are focused on pursuing the victims rather than the companies responsible.
They were dismayed to read recent allegations that individuals linked to such companies have donated hundreds of thousands of pounds to the Conservative party.
Will the Chancellor confirm why exactly the Government are ignoring the providers and operators of the schemes?
How many have been prosecuted specifically for their involvement in disguised remuneration, and not for other misdemeanours?
Eighty-five per cent of the funds recovered from the loan charge so far—about £3.9 billion in total—have come from the employers, therefore those who were running those schemes, so the hon.
Lady is mischaracterising where we have gone so far.
There has been one criminal conviction so far; others are in place.
I repeat what I said to the Opposition spokesman,  the hon.
Member for Ealing North (James Murray) , earlier: if they were that concerned about ensuring we go after the wrongdoers, they would have voted with us last night in the Finance Bill.[Official Report,  22 February 2024 , Vol.
745, c. 12MC.] (
Correction)
At the meeting this evening, will the Financial Secretary review the injustice that prevents loan charge victims who have engaged with His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs, but who cannot agree with their assessment, having any access to a tribunal?
I know my right hon.
Friend has been campaigning on the issue.
I respect and appreciate the information he has provided, and his contributions to the debate.