Friend has evidence to the contrary, I would like to know about it.
The original Treasury impact statement for the loan charge stated that it would have no material impact on
“family formation, stability or breakdown”,
yet there have been countless divorces, family break-ups, mental health breakdowns and bankruptcies, and at least 10 suicides.
That impact statement was grossly wrong, but also surely negligent.
We now need a full investigation, including how and why Parliament was so misled over the dangerous and unfair loan charge.
I hear the House’s concern about this issue, on which we had a debate not so long ago.
Of course, the suicides the hon.
Gentleman mentions concern us, and independent reviews have taken place.
However, I want to provide the House and anybody listening with reassurance that the best thing to do if people have concerns is to engage with HMRC, because very generous and long-term plans can be put in place to help people to repay.
As I said, there are fears out there—there is a bit of scaremongering—that homes are being taken over or people are having to give up pensions.
That is not the case.
Engagement with HMRC to establish reasonable time to pay would therefore be reassuring for many of the people who fear much worse consequences.
My appeal is to engage with HMRC.
The Government’s approach to the loan charge has become a nightmare for ordinary people across the country who are the victims of mis-selling and facing financial ruin.
The torment and devastating reality is the clearest possible proof that the Government need to think again.
Those facing the loan charge ordeal cannot bear to hear yet again that the Morse review is the final word on this matter.
Will the Minister finally agree today to commission a new, truly independent review?
We had an independent review in 2019 under Lord Morse.
The Government accepted 19 of its 20 recommendations.
The review has taken place, but as I have said repeatedly, I am challenging HMRC and listening to colleagues.
If action needs to be taken, I will take it, but I do not believe that there is a case for another review, because we have already had one, and the Government have already taken action.
What steps he is taking to help support homeowners with mortgages.
As the House knows, the path to lower interest rates is through lower inflation, which is why the Government are fully committed to supporting the Bank of England to get inflation back down to its 2% target.
If mortgage borrowers fall into financial difficulty, our mortgage charter, which covers about 90% of the market, includes new flexibilities to help customers manage their repayments, on top of the Financial Conduct Authority’s rules on how lenders must treat borrowers.
Given that a lot of mortgage payers are suffering because of the rapid hike in interest rates, will the Government continue to talk to the Bank of  England and mortgage lenders to see what can be done to bring interest rates down?
That would help most people.
I completely agree on the absolute need to drive mortgage rates down, which is why we are supporting the Bank of England’s independent remit to bring interest rates down.
We are also ensuring that we do not do things to make inflation worse, such as adding £28 billion to Government borrowing, which would increase inflation.
The rate for a two-year fixed mortgage remains more than double the level of December 2021.
More than 900,000 borrowers are set to see their monthly payments rise by £500 or even £1,000 a month.
Government Ministers are having to resign because of increasing mortgage payments.
How does the Chancellor expect people in Scotland to cope with increased mortgage rates if his Ministers cannot?
I would say two things in response to the hon.
Lady.