Gentleman for his intervention, and that will be part of my case, so I am sure I will be able to meet that test.
It feels like most days we wake up to another tragic story of death and families torn apart.
The most basic search online tells us it is all over the country—Bristol, Feltham, Warrington, Haverhill.
My own community of Nottingham was rocked last summer when my constituent Ian Coates and University of Nottingham students Barnaby Webber and Grace O’Malley-Kumar were killed with a knife, and I stand with their families in their attempts establish the facts and failings in this dreadful case.
Things are getting worse, not better, and that means more young lives lost, more children drawn into crime and more exploited by criminals.
We know this has a huge impact on our society: hundreds of families crippled by grief for murdered loved ones; life chances of young people squandered; potential left unfulfilled; and the criminals getting away with it and going on to cause further misery.
Knife crime destroys lives, devastates families and creates fear in our communities.
That is why this debate matters.
We must invest in our young people so that they are supported to make the right decisions in life, and we must come down hard on those involved in knife crime—real support, real consequences.
Under the Conservative Government and a Conservative police and crime commissioner, Cleveland has the highest crime rate in the UK, and only this weekend we saw another serious stabbing a mile down the road from me in Norton village.
We hear the Government try to talk the talk but the bottom line has to be that they are not taking the necessary actions.
I am sure my hon.
Friend will agree.
I share my hon.
Friend’s view.
He talks of a case in his community, and we are waking up seemingly so many days in every week with another case in another area in villages, towns and cities.
The public are rightly looking for action from us, and that is what I will be setting out in my explanation of this motion.
I am glad the shadow Minister talked about “us”.
I understand that this is an Opposition day debate and the Government will be criticised, but is it not the case that what the public—on the left and the right and the apolitical—are looking for is cross-party consensus where it can be found in this place to deal with what is a very important issue, and that party politics should be set aside for greater cross-party working?
Does he also agree that stop and search has a part to play?
On machetes and zombie knives, banning them is not the only solution, although it is a good place to start, but the most radical step is to work together.
We have been clear throughout that when the Government bring forward proposals designed to take this issue on we will give them our support.
That is true of the forthcoming legislation on zombie knives, although we have concerns about the scope, but there has to be action, and where there is not action it is our role to point that out.
I think the right hon.
Gentleman will find that in the tone and spirit of my contribution:   we serve no one if we do not do that, but of course we will build consensus wherever we can, and I hope the whole House can get behind our motion today.
It would be a key mission of a future Labour Government to make the streets safe and halve knife crime within 10 years.
Recently, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Normanton, Pontefract and Castleford (Yvette Cooper)  and the Leader of the Opposition unveiled our plans to deliver this with a crackdown on knife crime today and a radical youth prevention programme, and this motion starts to build that out.