I know my right hon.
Friend has been campaigning on the issue.
I respect and appreciate the information he has provided, and his contributions to the debate.
I assure him that I am in listening mode and looking forward to the meeting this evening, because I want to ensure that I hold HMRC to account to make sure everyone involved is treated fairly and respectfully.
Last week, the International Monetary Fund joined many others in urging the Chancellor to prioritise public spending and investment above tax cuts.
Rather than seeking to appease his Back Benchers with tax cuts in the next Budget, will he finally deliver the level of public investment this country is crying out for,  including in a nationwide energy efficiency programme that would shield households from volatile gas prices, get their fuel bills down for the long term and create jobs?
Or is he yet another one who is running scared of green investment?
I am sure the hon.
Lady understands that I cannot talk about what will be in the Budget ahead of the Budget because no decisions have been made.
I celebrate with her that the UK recently became the first major economy in the world to decarbonise by more than 50%, ahead of France, Germany, Japan and the United States.
I call the Chair of the Treasury Committee.
If the Chancellor had an ambition to spend an additional £28 billion a year on something, will he explain to the House what level of tax that would impose on ordinary households?
I thank my hon.
Friend for asking that question.
I am curious to know where that figure of £28 billion has come from, but as she has asked the question, I will tell her that, if we were to stick to the fiscal rules, as the Labour party claims it will do, to increase spending by £28 billion would mean increasing income tax by 4% or increasing corporation tax, which Labour says it will cap, by 8%.
With winter still upon us and fuel bills still rising, Ofgem is advising that the level of domestic energy debt is approaching £3 billion.
When people cannot meet their current bills, how can they possibly be expected to meet that level of arrears?
Is it not time to fund a debt write-off scheme, as proposed by National Energy Action and other fuel poverty campaigners, before hypothermia and misery worsen?
The Government continue to work with Ofgem.
In fact, I met the chief executive officer very recently.
Ofgem continues to monitor the levels of energy debt to ensure that consumers are protected.
The hon.
Gentleman will know that, last year, the Chancellor announced measures to ensure that households with prepayment meters paid no more than those with standard meters, and that is on the back of the energy price guarantee, which effectively paid 50% of people’s household energy bills.
The Chancellor will be aware of a proposal from the World War Muslim Memorial Trust to establish a memorial at the National Memorial Arboretum, honouring an estimated 750,000 Muslims who have fought for the British armed forces, with tens of thousands of them paying the ultimate sacrifice.
Previous Budgets have supported memorials that honour those who have given us the freedoms that we enjoy.
May I ask the Chancellor to personally consider this proposal and help make it a reality?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right: we must remember and honour the sacrifices made by those of all nationalities and religions who fought for our freedom, including, I believe, nearly  150,000 Muslims who died in the second world war.
My officials would be happy to engage with him to identify how best the Government can help make this vision a reality.
Business owners and high street businesses in Oswestry told me that their biggest challenge is business rates.