Friend is absolutely right: we must remember and honour the sacrifices made by those of all nationalities and religions who fought for our freedom, including, I believe, nearly  150,000 Muslims who died in the second world war.
My officials would be happy to engage with him to identify how best the Government can help make this vision a reality.
Business owners and high street businesses in Oswestry told me that their biggest challenge is business rates.
In his upcoming Budget, will the Chancellor consider a radical reform of business rates that puts the high street on an even keel and on a level playing field with the online retailers?
Over the past few years, we have helped to support our high streets by freezing multipliers and, importantly, targeting further relief at the retail, hospitality and leisure sector.
Frequent revaluations are now par for the course, because of the recent changes we have made.
Last July, following a debanking scandal, I wrote to the Economic Secretary to the Treasury about the risks of implementing so-called diversity, equity and inclusion policies.
Far from being inclusive, their implementation has often been divisive, yet Labour put such policies at the heart of its financing and growth strategy just last week.
Will my hon.
Friend assure us that he will give clear direction to the Prudential Regulation Authority and the Financial Conduct Authority to avoid all the risks of so-called DEI policies?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
I am studying those policies carefully.
I am concerned about certain aspects of what is proposed, and I will be discussing the matter with the PRA and the FCA to make sure that we have sensible policies on this matter.
At the autumn statement, the Chancellor announced that he would explore selling off the Government’s remaining stake in NatWest this year.
As it stands, does he anticipate that this will result in a better or worse return for taxpayers, compared with the previous sales?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
Indeed, the Chancellor announced at the autumn statement last year that, over the next 12 months, the Government will consider selling shares in NatWest.
That is all subject to value-for-money concerns and other matters, as he will appreciate, and it is market sensitive.
Of course value for money will be at the heart of any consideration of the sale of shares, and the House will be kept fully informed over the coming weeks and months.
My right hon.
Friend and his colleagues will be aware of the challenges that businesses and households face in coastal communities.
As the Budget approaches, may I urge him to be ever mindful of how we maintain the vitality of the economies in our coastal areas?
I absolutely will; that is a core part of the levelling-up agenda, and my hon.
Friend will be pleased to know that, since we started on that agenda,   two thirds of all new jobs created have been outside London and the south-east.
We will continue to look at any proposals he may have in that respect.
The Government have deliberately created a funding model for universities in which they are dependent on income from international students.
Does the Chancellor share my concern about ensuring that nothing is done to undermine that income?
The university sector is one of the jewels of this country and I am proud that we have four of the world’s top 20 universities.
I am happy to look at any individual proposals from the hon.
Gentleman.
Last June the Exchequer Secretary announced the energy security investment mechanism, and I welcomed the announcement in last November’s autumn statement that the floor price would rise with inflation from April.
How and when will that be legislated for, and will he look at alternative ways of setting that floor price, other than the 20-year reference period that is already used?
The energy security investment mechanism was designed, as my hon.