She makes an important point.
We go back to Scotland: I call the SNP spokesperson.
Contrary to what the Minister said, OECD forecasts show that the UK will have the lowest growth in the G20 and the highest inflation in the G7.
Ministers like to pretend that there is no real cost of living crisis, but there is one, and it is biting hard.
How long will Ministers—and their Labour counterparts—continue to peddle the fantasy that Brexit is somehow good for the Scottish people?
I am afraid that the thing that would most impoverish the people of Scotland is separation from the UK.
After 16 years of SNP rule—longer than the Conservatives’ in England—GDP per head in Scotland is lower, productivity is falling, employment is lower and inactivity is higher.
That is not exactly a proud record.
The Minister talks about GDP.
The Office for Budget Responsibility forecast that GDP in the UK will be 4% lower in the long term due to Brexit.
Meanwhile, independent Ireland in the EU is booming with a giant fiscal surplus.
Given that the Tories, Labour and the Lib Dems are all now champions of Brexit, is it not the case that the only way for Scotland to rejoin the EU is through becoming an independent country?
The hon.
Gentleman knows that the IMF has forecast us greater growth than France, Italy and Germany over the next few years.
If he is so enthusiastic about supporting growth, including helping  businesses across the United Kingdom, perhaps Scottish National party Members could have joined us in the voting Lobby last night instead of voting against, for example, full expensing and investment in research and development.
They voted against that—how on earth is that in the interests of their constituents?
What fiscal steps his Department is taking to help increase the level of business investment.
Mr Speaker, may I add my comments to yours yesterday about His Majesty the King?
I wish him and his family well, as well as saluting his courage in being so open about his condition.
At the autumn statement last year, I announced an ambitious growth package, which will boost business investment by about £20 billion a year.
We are making full expensing permanent, which the CBI welcomed as a game changer that will fire up the British economy.
I also welcome those measures.
Business rates are among the biggest issues for small businesses in Meon Valley, so I welcome the Chancellor’s £4.6 billion package of support in the autumn statement.
However, following covid, there are a number of empty offices where landlords are still having to pay business rates.
Does the Chancellor have any measures to support those who are struggling with a lack of income to pay business rates?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight the pressures caused by business rates.
That was why in the autumn statement we introduced the 75% discount for retail, hospitality and leisure.
All I would say is that the reason we were able to introduce those large cuts in business rates was that we did not embark on a spending spree of £28 billion a year, which is Labour’s policy on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays, but not apparently on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays.
I will try to be nice to the Chancellor, but he seems to be living in a parallel universe.
If he came to Huddersfield and talked to my businesses and manufacturers, he would find them at the lowest ebb that I can ever remember.
It is time that the stimulus was there to make people invest and create jobs.
Get on with it, Chancellor!
If that was being nice, I am relieved that I have not seen the other type of questions that the hon.
Member asks.
I agree that manufacturing is central to our economic fortunes, which is why it was good news that last year we overtook France to become the eighth-largest manufacturer in the world.