This is a hole in the Government’s plan and it must be plugged.
We can go further still here.
Many banned knives continue to be sold where young people can buy them and have them delivered to their home within a few days.
We would introduce, and believe the Government should introduce, criminal sanctions on the tech executives who allow knife sales on their online marketplaces—not just Ofcom sanctions as the Government have opted for, but proper criminal sanctions to send a very serious message to these leaders that if their platforms are being used, and they are not actively making sure they are not being used, for the sale of dangerous weapons, there are going to be very serious consequences, not ones that can be priced in as the cost of doing business.
To add to that, we must ensure we have the right tools in law to deal with the digital age.
To drive this work forward, our motion calls for a rapid review of online knife sales from the point of purchase through to delivery, in particular looking at strengthening ID and age checks conducted by Royal Mail and Border Force for UK-bound parcels.
Currently, all too often serious weapons can be purchased online with loose ID and age checks, with little oversight, and with no background checks.
Every time oversight is loosened and checks are not carried out properly, these weapons potentially fall into the wrong hands and are used to kill.
We must ensure we have the most robust system possible to prevent this.
To those who carry these weapons, we need to send the unmistakable message that the law will come down hard on them—not apology letters, not weak warnings, but proper and serious interventions.
My hon.
Friend is making a great speech.
Will he support two parents in my constituency, Leanne and Mandy, whose children were killed by knife crime?
They are calling for much stronger sentences and greater deterrence for knife crime; does he agree with me and their families?
I am going to set out a few of them shortly, but I would be very interested in meeting Leanne and Mandy, if my hon.
Friend could help facilitate that, to hear what more they might want to see.
Our commitment is for every offender to be referred to a youth offending team and have a mandatory bespoke action plan to prevent reoffending.
As part of that we need tougher new guidance so that serious penalties are always considered where appropriate, such as curfews, tagging and behavioural contracts.
Too many of these are being overlooked and insufficient sanctions such as a letter of apology being used in their stead.
That is wrong; we need stronger guidance from the centre on this.
But speaking to the point made by  the right hon.
Member for Orkney and Shetland (Mr Carmichael) , all of this on its own will not resolve and remove the issue of knife crime in our communities.
We must invest in young people, because prevention is better than cure.
We need a total approach—not an either/or, but both.
That is particularly germane to this debate, because we know that those who seek to profit from the sale of dangerous weapons shapeshift and adapt around legislation—that is one of the challenges.
So we must tackle demand and tackle issues that mean that young people think they need to carry harmful weapons.
Building on the success of Sure Start—the last truly transformative prevention programme for young children—we would create the Young Futures programme to help prevent violent crime.
It would be a targeted programme in every area to identify the young people most at risk of being drawn into violent crime and of buying these products that we are seeking to restrict.
We would build around them a package of support that responds to the challenges they face.