Eighty-five per cent of the funds recovered from the loan charge so far—about £3.9 billion in total—have come from the employees, therefore those who were running those schemes, so the hon.
Lady is mischaracterising where we have gone so far.
There has been one criminal conviction so far; others are in place.
I repeat what I said to the Opposition spokesman,  the hon.
Member for Ealing North (James Murray) , earlier: if they were that concerned about ensuring we go after the wrongdoers, they would have voted with us last night in the Finance Bill.
Eighty-five per cent of the funds recovered from the loan charge so far—about £3.9 billion in total—have come from the employers, therefore those who were running those schemes, so the hon.
Lady is mischaracterising where we have gone so far.
There has been one criminal conviction so far; others are in place.
I repeat what I said to the Opposition spokesman,  the hon.
Member for Ealing North (James Murray) , earlier: if they were that concerned about ensuring we go after the wrongdoers, they would have voted with us last night in the Finance Bill.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer was asked—
What recent steps he has taken to ensure fairness in the application of the tax system.
Regarding fairness, we have a progressive tax system where the top 5% of income tax payers pay nearly half of all income tax, while the top 1% pay more than 28%.
In addition, the national insurance reforms announced at the autumn statement cut taxes for 29 million people.
That package also strengthens the fiscal position by helping taxpayers to get their taxes right, while bearing down on the small minority who seek to avoid paying their fair share.
The Minister talks about tax cuts, but in April most households in this country will receive a 5% increase in their council tax.
That is not because local councils have mismanaged their finances, but because after 13 years of austerity, the local government finance system is essentially broken and relies on a regressive and unfair council tax.
Why in the autumn statement did the Chancellor freeze the budgets of the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities for the whole of the next Parliament, leading the Office for Budget Responsibility to forecast a further £13 billion rise in council tax?
Does that not show that the Chancellor has no regard at all for councils and the services they provide, or is he simply deferring a problem that his Government has created for the next Government to sort out?
I am afraid that is a ridiculous characterisation.
We on this side of the House care, including about our vibrant, important local councils.
That is precisely why they just received an additional £600 million, and future spending will be a matter for future fiscal events.
I am a strong believer in fairness in taxation.
Would my hon.
Friend care to advise the House about who would bear the heaviest burden of taxation, should His Majesty’s Government choose to adopt the £28 billion spending commitment that the Labour party announced on the radio this morning?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
Of course, we never know from day to day exactly what Labour’s policy is, and I understand there are even differences among its Front Benchers at the moment, but we heard a firm commitment, without any promises at all about where the money would come from.
We therefore know where it would come from: it would come out of taxpayers’ pockets or further borrowing, which is deferred taxation.
Everybody will pay for it.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Labour party has set out clear proposals to close tax loopholes on non-doms, private schools and private equity to give a much-needed boost to our public services.
Will the Treasury Minister confirm whether the Government have assessed, or plan to assess, the merits of such a policy?