The evidence shows that would be highly effective.
We need to end the exploitation of children and young people by criminal gangs, and that includes county lines.
We need a new criminal offence of child exploitation and a new serious organised crime strategy to go after those cowards who make millions off the back of exploiting young people.
To bring the change to deliver that, we need a new, proper cross-Government coalition to end knife crime, bringing together those who have key roles in tackling it and in keeping young people safe, whether they are Ministers, community leaders, faith leaders, the families of victims, sporting bodies, tech companies or young people themselves.
Everybody should be brought into this fight.
That is the sort of Government that we would seek to lead, if given the opportunity.
The hon.
Member is making a passionate speech about bringing various people from across Government and communities together to tackle knife crime.
When the shadow Home Secretary and the Leader of the Opposition held a summit in east London last year on knife crime, the Mayor of London, who is the police and crime commissioner, was nowhere to be seen.
Can the hon.
Member ask the shadow Home Secretary why?
I have to say I am a little saddened by that intervention.
This is a deeply serious issue about which the public expect to hear answers.
I do not think the public would consider the policing of the diary of the Mayor, the hon.
Gentleman or anybody else to be part of a substantive solution.
I wrote my note for his intervention ahead of time, because I know that 86 days before a mayoral election, the Tories are much more interested in trying to fight that election than tackling the problem.
If he really believes that is the approach—I do not, but it is for him to use his time as he chooses—let us put that to the people of London.
On the point about working together, perhaps outside this House, rather than inside it, may I say I completely agree with the hon.
Gentleman—yes, I agree with His Majesty’s Opposition—on working together more cohesively with local authorities, public bodies, health services and, in particular, around pupil referral units and exclusions?
There are so many disparities throughout the country, and it makes sense to bring everybody together to look at best practice.
That is a hugely important intervention from the right hon.
Gentleman.
I have real anxieties about pupil referral units, exclusions and internal exclusions.
It was a problem prior to the pandemic, but what we are seeing with school absence only compounds that.
There is a risk of there being a generation of young people  who are vulnerable to these types of behaviour, unless we take the field and fight for their hearts and minds.
The right hon.
Gentleman and I are in the same position on that.
I will draw my remarks to a close, because lots of colleagues have lots to say.
The motion before us in the name of the Leader of the Opposition is tightly drafted and calls for three of the most pressing changes that we believe are needed to kick-start this process: the ban on ninja swords, with a consultation on further extensions to the proposed ban on zombie knives; an end-to-end review of online knife sales; and criminal liability for senior executives of those websites who do not adequately prevent them from selling knives.
We believe those are reasonable changes that the whole House can get behind, and I hope the Government will take them seriously.
They should support this motion today.
The Minister for Crime, Policing and Fire and I have been working on the Criminal Justice Bill Committee for many weeks, and we will be tabling changes to enact those measures, and the Government should accept them.