Fourteen years of the Conservatives has halved unemployment and increased employment by 4 million.
Crucially, poverty is down: we have 1.7 million fewer people in poverty now than in 2010, including 400,000 children and 200,000 pensioners.
That is a legacy to be proud of.
The Joseph Rowntree Foundation’s report on poverty in the UK in 2024 reiterates that, consistently, the demographic with the highest poverty rates is children.
Although 29% of the children in my constituency live in poverty, the Scottish Government are doing what they can with their limited powers via the Scottish child payment.
Will the Chancellor and his team use their powers to make a concerted and determined effort to tackle the scourge of poverty, which is so damaging to our children?
I reiterate: we have 400,000 fewer children in poverty now than in 2010.
In addition, the national insurance contributions cut that we have introduced has been shown to cut child poverty dramatically.
Crucially, the leading indicator of whether a child is in poverty is whether their parents are in work, and that is what we have delivered over this Parliament—[Interruption.]
Yes it is—it absolutely is.
Getting more people into work will help to solve child poverty.
The British public are still struggling with the Conservative cost of living crisis, and the Government are now forcing up council tax.
Last week, for the first time in my life, a Conservative MP spoke for me when he said:
“There’s almost no point chopping £100 off tax bills nationally if you’re adding on to it with council tax.”
Labour Members agree with  the hon.
Member for Mansfield (Ben Bradley) .
Does the Chief Secretary agree with her hon.
Friend and colleague?
Council tax is a matter for councils, but we put in place a limit, which I do not believe existed under the previous Labour Government.
More than that, the most difficult thing for councils and consumers more broadly is the £28 billion-worth of tax rises that Labour is planning in government.
If he will make an assessment of the potential impact of removing the cap on bankers’ bonuses on the financial sector.
Removing the bankers’ bonus cap was a decision made by the independent Prudential Regulation Authority, which has long said that the cap was completely ineffective; it did not limit pay or make banks safer.
The cap on bankers’ bonuses might have been a great newspaper headline, but it did little to tackle the City’s excesses.
Financial institutions quickly changed remuneration packages and structures so that risk takers still receive substantial pay-offs, sometimes even taking them through offshore mechanisms.
Does the Chancellor agree that what we need is enhanced regulation to mitigate excessive risk taking in the square mile?
That could require, beyond merely capping bonuses, a move toward an alignment of interests focused on the form of bonus payments, share allocations and deferred amounts, and robust clawback mechanisms for those who have behaved maliciously, in order to deter misconduct in the square mile more effectively?
I suspect that when the hon.
Gentleman tabled his question, he was not expecting that the biggest supporter of abolishing the bankers’ bonus cap was not the Chancellor but the shadow Chancellor.
I hear what he says, and indeed those are some of the reasons we abolished it, because it was not working.
If Labour is going to change its mind on that policy, may I ask—just to take a totally random example—when will it change its mind about the planned £28 billion of additional borrowing?
Whether he has made a recent assessment of the potential merits of abolishing non-domiciled tax status.
The Government want the UK to have a fair but internationally competitive tax system, designed to bring in talented individuals and investment that contributes to the growth of the economy.
Non-doms  play an important role in funding our public services through their tax contributions.