From  1 April 2024 , the national living wage will increase by 9.8%, to £11.44.
That represents an increase of more than £1,800 to the annual earnings of a full-time national living wage worker and it is expected to benefit about 2.7 million workers.
I congratulate the Government on increasing the national living wage, because that will make a huge difference.
However, after speaking to not only those in the public sector, at the likes of my local Leicestershire County Council and Hinckley and Bosworth Borough Council, but small businesses in the private sector, I know that there is a trade-off, because they have to foot that wage bill.
What steps can the Government take to make sure that those businesses and the public sector have the money to pass on to those who are earning so well?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question, and I will take the two parts of it in turn.
The Government continue to support businesses with the higher costs through a generous package of support.
At the autumn statement, we showed our commitment to supporting small businesses by extending the 75% retail, hospitality and leisure relief, and by freezing the small business multiplier, which will protect more than 1 million properties from the multiplier increase.
Yesterday, we announced a wide-ranging package of support worth £600 million for local councils, including £500 million of new funding for social care.
I understand that concerns were expressed some years ago about how a significant increase in the minimum wage may well have a knock-on effect, particularly on the hospitality sector.
Given that that did not come about with previous living wage increases, will the Chief Secretary commit her Government to ensuring that future increases will be monitored closely to enable and assist small businesses to increase wage levels systematically and sustainably over the longer term?
I can commit to the hon.
Gentleman that we are absolutely monitoring the effects, but, as I said, a good package of support is in place for businesses.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
I would like to update the House on a couple of data releases published since our last oral questions.
Total greenfield foreign direct investment since 2010 has not just been higher than that of France, Germany and Italy, but in  the past two years has overtaken that of China to be the second highest in the world.
Yesterday’s labour force survey said that unemployment fell to a quarterly average of 3.9%, meaning that unemployment has halved and Conservative Governments have overseen the creation of more than 800 jobs every day since 2010.
Can the Treasury find funds for an increased pay offer for junior doctors?
I completely agree that we must safeguard the public finances and have regard to affordability, but if ever a group deserved a pay rise, it is junior doctors, and we need to get the dispute settled.
As my right hon.
Friend knows, as Health Secretary I campaigned for extra money for the NHS to make sure that we could pay NHS staff fairly, but I do believe that junior doctors have had a very fair offer—one that is higher than was recommended by the independent pay review body and is about double the rate of this year’s predicted inflation.
I know that the Health Secretary is willing to talk about anything else that could help make their working conditions better.
I call the shadow Chancellor.
Last week, at Prime Minister’s questions, when asked about the Tory mortgage penalty, the Prime Minister boasted that someone coming off a fixed-rate mortgage
“will be able to save hundreds of pounds.
”—[Official Report,  31 January 2024 ; Vol.
744, c. 857.]
But the small print was that they had to add many years to their mortgage.