How does the Chancellor expect people in Scotland to cope with increased mortgage rates if his Ministers cannot?
I would say two things in response to the hon.
Lady.
First, the best thing we can do is to help people with the cost of living, not increase their taxes, as the SNP in Scotland proposes, and to maintain—[Interruption.]
I will not get bored of saying this.
Secondly, we maintain our support for the Bank of England driving inflation down.
We have more than halved it.
We will continue to do that, and interest rates will come right down.
What recent assessment he has made of the implications for his policies of economic growth forecasts for 2024 and 2025.
We announced 110 growth measures in the autumn statement.
Taken together with the measures in the spring Budget, the independent Office for Budget Responsibility says that they will have the biggest impact on output that it has ever measured in a fiscal event, increasing GDP by 0.5% by 2028-29.
The UK economy is set for slower growth than previously thought.
The International Monetary Fund predicts that next year we will have the second worst growth in the G7.
In Scotland, the SNP has increased taxes, which we have heard about already, and Scots now face six bands.
Stagnation there is even worse, and businesses and households in my constituency need reassurance.
Will the Chancellor tell us what he will do to give confidence to people up and down the country that we will soon see economic growth?
May I gently correct the hon.
Lady on the IMF?
It said that over the next four years, UK growth will be higher than in Germany, France, Italy and Japan.
I agree about SNP tax rises, but I point out that the Liberal Democrats have some tax rises of their own.
They want to increase capital gains tax, which would be incredibly damaging for Scotland’s financial services industry, which employs thousands of people.
Has the Chancellor had the opportunity to look at the New Conservatives’ budget proposal, a budget for families?
It has a six-point plan, with two points to help unlock growth, particularly for the many small, family-run businesses in places such as Stoke-on-Trent North, Kidsgrove and Talke.
Those plans to increase the VAT registration threshold to £250,000 and to abolish the IR35 reforms would surely help us unlock the growth of our great nation.
I have been talking with my hon.
Friend about these issues recently.
In fact, we were discussing increasing the VAT threshold only last night—such are the interesting evenings I have in this job!
We will look seriously and carefully at any measures that help small businesses.
They are the lifeblood of the country.
What recent assessment he has made of the impact of increases in the cost of living on living standards.
What steps his Department is taking to support households with the cost of living.
The Government stand by households, with one of Europe’s largest support packages, worth on average £3,700 per UK household, but we all know that the key to reducing cost of living pressures is to bring down inflation, which we have more than halved, delivering on the Prime Minister’s promise.
Families in Luton and Bedfordshire, and indeed the rest of the country, are worse off because of 14 years of economic chaos and incompetence under the Conservatives.
Does the Minister concede that, even if the Government’s inflation target is met, families will still be paying £300 a month more for their household bills than they were just 18 months ago?
Fourteen years of the Conservatives has halved unemployment and increased employment by 4 million.
Crucially, poverty is down: we have 1.7 million fewer people in poverty now than in 2010, including 400,000 children and 200,000 pensioners.
That is a legacy to be proud of.