We believe those are reasonable changes that the whole House can get behind, and I hope the Government will take them seriously.
They should support this motion today.
The Minister for Crime, Policing and Fire and I have been working on the Criminal Justice Bill Committee for many weeks, and we will be tabling changes to enact those measures, and the Government should accept them.
If they take up our ideas before the Bill’s next stages, we will support them, but we will not ignore the large-scale damage that knife crime is doing across the country.
The public are rightly looking to us for leadership and action, and we stand ready to give them that.
I am grateful to the Opposition for giving me the opportunity to respond on behalf of the Government and to speak about our record on fighting crime, including our work to get weapons off the streets and stop them falling into the wrong hands, which is having a real impact.
As my right hon.
Friend  the Member for The Wrekin (Mark Pritchard)  said, we should remember what this debate is all about.
He is absolutely right that it is not about party politics, point scoring, cheap jibes or sound bites, because the truth is that serious violence and knife crime leave the same trail of misery and devastation in their wake, regardless of the constituency we represent.
The tragic reality is that many of us—in fact, far too many—on both sides of this House will have had the humbling experience of sitting with the loved ones of victims of crime whose lives have been cut short in the most tragic ways.
There is little one can say in those circumstances that will ease the pain of losing a son, daughter, brother or sister.
It is incumbent upon us all—by “us”, I mean the Government and the police, but also each and every one of us here who contributes to public life—to strain every sinew to stop others suffering as they have.
I have also been in the situation in the past month of having to write to the mother of a 21-year-old young man who was stabbed to death at Strawberry Hill station in my constituency last month.
Understandably, parents, teenagers and other young people are raising concerns with me about how we can tackle this huge increase.
In London alone, as the Minister for Crime, Policing and Fire will know, we have seen an increase of almost a fifth in knife crime since 2022.
If we are to ban all these weapons, we need good intelligence-led community policing, but in London since 2015 we have seen our police community support  officers cut by a third.
What assurances can the Minister give my constituents that we will see an uplift in police officers, including in places such as Richmond upon Thames, which are often deprioritised because they are seen as safe areas?
No area is immune from knife crime.
I agree with the hon.
Lady’s last point.
Given the representatives in the Chamber, I think a lot will be said in the debate, and rightly so, in relation to crime and knife crime in London, including by her.
It is right to say that every time somebody picks up a knife or another dangerous weapon, there is the potential for bloodshed, and every time somebody arms themselves, whether for protection or with violent intent, they risk ruining not only others’ lives but their own life.
That has been brought home time and again in the most devastating fashion in recent days, weeks and months.
My thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends mourning such devastating losses.
It is any parent’s worst nightmare.
That the victims are so often young people with their whole lives ahead of them makes it all the more unbearable.