Last June the Exchequer Secretary announced the energy security investment mechanism, and I welcomed the announcement in last November’s autumn statement that the floor price would rise with inflation from April.
How and when will that be legislated for, and will he look at alternative ways of setting that floor price, other than the 20-year reference period that is already used?
The energy security investment mechanism was designed, as my hon.
Friend points out, to give more certainty not only to the oil and gas sector, but to investors, ensuring that the energy profits levy is disapplied when prices return to historically normal levels.
To provide additional certainty, on the back of urging from him and the industry, we have agreed to legislate for ESIM and will be announcing that shortly.
Regardless of what the Chancellor tells us, the reality remains that people in Bradford are worse off after 14 years of this Government.
Healthcare, GPs and dentists are less accessible, homes are more expensive, colder and riddled with mould, jobs are less secure and badly paid, with stagnating wages, and household savings have been wiped out by rising food, water, energy and fuel bills.
Ahead of the last Budget he will deliver before the general election, will the Chancellor apologise for 14 years of disaster that have devastated our communities?
Let me tell the hon.
Gentleman some positive messages he can take home to his constituents in Bradford: violent crime and burglaries have been halved, school standards are up, the NHS has more doctors and nurses than ever in history and real after-tax income for people on the minimum wage or national living wage is up by 30% if they are working full time.
Can my hon.
Friend tell me how many staff are now employed across the eight Departments based at the Darlington Economic Campus?
What progress is being made on naming the new building “William McMullen House”?
I can tell my hon.
Friend that 750 staff are employed across all Departments at the Darlington Economic Campus.
The Treasury’s aim is to reach 355 full-time staff by March 2025, and we are on track to meet that target.
The official name of the campus will be decided closer to the 2025-26 delivery date and  will be consulted on by the Government Property Agency, but we have heard very clearly his suggestion of William McMullen House, and we will consider that in due course.
The Chancellor knows jolly well that in April 2023 Sir Brian Langstaff made his final recommendations on compensation for those infected and affected by the contaminated blood scandal.
The Chancellor also gave evidence in July to Sir Brian and said that work was under way.
In December, this House voted for a compensation body to be set up.
I would like the Chancellor to answer my question, please, not a junior Minister,  and explain exactly what is going on in the Treasury, what work is being undertaken and whether there will be an announcement in the Budget.
With great respect to the right hon.
Lady, who has campaigned formidably on this issue, I do not think she is giving a fair representation of what the Government have done.
I stand by every word I said as a Back Bencher, and as Chancellor I have tried to do everything I can to speed the process up.
She has not mentioned that the Government have already given £100,000 to the families affected.
We have accepted the moral importance of the duty to give compensation, and we will now work with colleagues in the other place to make her amendment workable.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.