Ordered,
That Marion Fellows, Peter Aldous, John McDonnell, Cat Smith, Owen Thompson, Kirsten Oswald, Alison Thewliss, Patricia Gibson, Dave Doogan, David Linden, Alyn Smith and Drew Hendry present the Bill.
Marion Fellows accordingly presented the Bill.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 15 March , and to be printed (Bill 161).
Before we begin the debate on banning knives and swords from UK streets, I remind hon.
Members that, under the terms of the House resolution on sub judice matters, they should not refer to any individual cases that are currently before the courts.
I call the shadow Minister.
12.47 pm
I beg to move,
That this House condemns the Government for overseeing a 77 per cent increase in knife crime since 2015; recognises the devastating impact that knife crime has on victims, their families and the wider community; acknowledges that the Government recently announced measures to ban zombie knives and machetes; believes, nonetheless, that this legislation does not go nearly far enough, meaning that a number of dangerous types of knives and swords will remain legal and available on UK streets; therefore calls on the Government to address the shortcomings of the ban by extending it to cover ninja swords and consulting on a further extension; and further calls for the Government to establish an end-to-end review of online knife sales and introduce criminal liability for senior management of websites which indirectly sell illegal knives online.
Ronan Kanda was 16.
He went to get a PlayStation controller from his friend, and was yards away from home when he was murdered.
He was murdered by two teenagers, who used a ninja sword.
They had obtained that sword by buying it online, using someone else’s ID to collect it.
They stabbed him in a case of mistaken identity.
This is a heartbreaking, tragic story of a young life lost, with a family trapped in the most extraordinary grief, and we are here today because it is time that Parliament acts to tackle knife crime head-on.
Seventy seven per cent.
That is how much knife crime has risen since 2015, according to the latest figures released by the Office for National Statistics and the Home Office in recent weeks.
That equates to a staggering 48,716 violent and sexual offences committed involving a knife or sharp instrument in the past year.
There is a huge human cost to this, with 261 lives lost in the year up to March 2022—the last complete data available to us—and roughly four in 10 murders involving a knife or sharp instrument.
For those carrying a knife, almost half of cases led to no further action, with current rules allowing those carrying knives to escape further sanction by writing an apology letter.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for giving way because he is describing a situation that is virtually identical to the one we faced in Scotland 15-plus years ago.
The initiative taken by the then Strathclyde police force and the Scottish Government since has been a very different approach to tackling it—that of treating it as a public health and social problem, with a violence reduction unit.
There is nothing in the hon.
Gentleman’s motion that I would disagree with, but it is like playing whack-a-mole with the different sorts of knives available.
Does not he agree that this issue requires a much more fundamental and radical approach?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for his intervention, and that will be part of my case, so I am sure I will be able to meet that test.
It feels like most days we wake up to another tragic story of death and families torn apart.
The most basic search online tells us it is all over the country—Bristol, Feltham, Warrington, Haverhill.