If that was being nice, I am relieved that I have not seen the other type of questions that the hon.
Member asks.
I agree that manufacturing is central to our economic fortunes, which is why it was good news that last year we overtook France to become the eighth-largest manufacturer in the world.
But we have gone even further: in the autumn statement, we announced a £4.5 billion manufacturing strategy to give further support to make our manufacturers the best in the world.
Yesterday, we had the pleasure of discussing the very many benefits from the autumn statement, including research and development grants and simplification of the tax code.
However,  I wonder whether the Chancellor might go a little further and see whether cutting VAT for the tourism and hospitality sector, perhaps by 10% over five years, would be advisable to help the economy across the United Kingdom.
My hon.
Friend is an assiduous supporter of the many pubs, restaurants and shops in Devon, and I commend him for that support.
We will, of course, keep all those measures under review ahead of the Budget.
Hair salons are a vital mainstay of our high streets, but many employers are worried about the sustainability of their businesses; a huge issue is their tax bills, with VAT a significant concern, making further business investment very difficult.
Cutting VAT to 10% would make an important difference to local businesses, high streets and apprentice training.
Will the Chancellor look at doing that to support all our local economies?
I will always look at anything that helps businesses to grow and expand.
I set up and ran my own business for 14 years.
Can I gently say to the hon.
Lady that it is slightly incongruous to argue for lower taxes when the SNP has given Scotland the highest taxes in the United Kingdom?
If he will make an assessment of the potential impact of the loan charge on levels of bankruptcy.
I have heard the concerns expressed by hon.
Members on the impact of the loan charge, and I have pushed His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs for firm assurances on the safeguards that it has in place.
No one will be forced by HMRC to sell their main home or access their pension funds early to pay their loan charge debts, nor has HMRC petitioned for bankruptcy, which would be only a last resort and is in nobody’s interest.
There is substantial support in place to help people in debt, including agreeing time-to-pay arrangements with them.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for that answer and his engagement with the loan charge and taxpayer fairness all-party parliamentary group, including a meeting this evening with its officers.
In an internal document that surfaced as part of the 2019 Morse review, HMRC admitted to around 100 bankruptcies from the loan charge.
Can the Minister tell the House why that figure has never been given publicly by HMRC, and what the figure is today?
Again, I thank my hon.
Friend for championing this area and his great concern for the human stories behind the difficult circumstances resulting from some of these schemes.
As I have said, I am constantly seeking reassurance from HMRC on this matter, and my understanding is that where bankruptcies have occurred, it has often been because of requirements outside of the loan charge, not from HMRC; indeed, some people have declared bankruptcy of their own volition.
However, if my hon.
Friend has evidence to the contrary, I would like to know about it.
The original Treasury impact statement for the loan charge stated that it would have no material impact on
“family formation, stability or breakdown”,
yet there have been countless divorces, family break-ups, mental health breakdowns and bankruptcies, and at least 10 suicides.
That impact statement was grossly wrong, but also surely negligent.