My thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends mourning such devastating losses.
It is any parent’s worst nightmare.
That the victims are so often young people with their whole lives ahead of them makes it all the more unbearable.
In our shock and our grief, we must remain steadfast in our conviction that we can get knives and other dangerous weapons off our streets and that we can prevent young people from getting drawn into violent crime in the first place.
In the spirit of the intervention that my right hon.
Friend  the Member for The Wrekin (Mark Pritchard)  made on the shadow Minister, I would like to reflect on a debate before the recess led by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Aldridge-Brownhills (Wendy Morton) .
During that debate, in which there was cross-party support, my right hon.
Friend mentioned the Knife Angel in Aldridge-Brownhills, in the borough of Walsall.
She also mentioned a campaign by the Brindley family, and the Brindley Foundation that was set up to bring about positive social action as a result of a tragedy.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Old Bexley and Sidcup (Mr French)  made powerful interventions during that debate.
It is right to look at the numbers and the latest data.
The latest data on hospital admissions of under-25s following an assault with a sharp object show a 25% reduction since December 2019.
That is a good indicator—the most reliable indicator for serious youth violence.
My right hon.
Friend the Policing Minister will in due course mention the crime survey, which shows that violent crime has reduced by 51% since 2010.
It is also right to say that nationally homicide has fallen, but it is obvious that data on a chart provides no comfort for victims’ families, and that any incident of serious violence or knife crime is one too many.
That is why the Government are continually looking at what more we can do to protect our citizens—especially children and young people—and drive those numbers down further.
The police are on the frontline in this effort.
Forces up and down the country are aware that this is an issue of significant public concern, and they are firmly committed to tackling it.
It is right that I, as a Dorset Member of Parliament, mention our police and crime commissioner David Sidwick, and I pay tribute to him, the work he is doing and the crime plan that he has put together for Dorset.
Thanks to our recruitment drive, which has delivered the promised 20,000 extra officers, we have significantly bolstered the police across England and Wales.
With  every additional officer, the ability of forces to crack down on weapons carrying and violence is strengthened.
That includes through the natural deterrence that flows from an increased police presence.
There is the added benefit of reassurance to all our communities, who are clear that they want to see more officers on the beat.
Of course, it is about not just how many police officers there are, but what forces do with the resources and powers given to them.
The Government have consistently and publicly backed the police to take the toughest possible stance when it comes to addressing serious violence, knife crime and weapons carrying.
That includes supporting the use of stop and search, which is a crucial tool.
Since 2019, the police have removed 120,000 knives and dangerous weapons through stop and search surrender programmes and other targeted action.
On that specific subject, every knife seized through stop and search is a potential life saved.
In the year 2022-23, stop and search resulted in about 74,000 arrests and removed over 15,000 weapons and firearms from our streets.
The significance of stop and search should not be downplayed, because every knife or weapon seized is a potential life saved.