It would be a key mission of a future Labour Government to make the streets safe and halve knife crime within 10 years.
Recently, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Normanton, Pontefract and Castleford (Yvette Cooper)  and the Leader of the Opposition unveiled our plans to deliver this with a crackdown on knife crime today and a radical youth prevention programme, and this motion starts to build that out.
We are clear: no more loopholes, no more caveats, no more false promises—we need a total crackdown on the availability of serious weapons on Britain’s streets.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his comments on this often heartbreaking topic.
My constituent Julie’s daughter Poppy Devey Waterhouse was killed in her home with a knife already in her kitchen.
Currently, offenders convicted of murder who use a weapon already available at the crime scene have a starting sentence 10 years lower than those who brought a weapon with them.
Domestic violence murderers can bank on leniency.
Does the hon.
Member agree that women killed by knives already in the home need to see equal justice?
The hon.
Member raises an important point that needs parliamentary scrutiny.
We have an anxiety, as hon.
Friends have mentioned many times, that crimes happening in domestic spaces are in some way deemed less significant and that can be reflected in sentencing.
This bears our parliamentary scrutiny.
To turn to the motion, we want to see restrictions on the sale of the most serious weapons, those with no functional purpose.
Since 2015 the Government have released 16 different press releases about zombie knives but action has been slow to follow.
We are pleased that two weeks ago we saw the statutory instrument aimed at taking some of the knives and machetes off the streets, and, as I have said, we will support the Government in that venture, but I hope to hear from the Minister an explanation of why that is a ban not for now or a few weeks’ time, but for September, eight months away.
This is an immediate problem that needs more urgency; where is that urgency and leadership?
He can be assured of our support, so let’s get on with it.
We also believe, as set out in the motion, that we should go further.
We would broaden the ban to include a wider range of weapons and to toughen existing rules on serration and length.
That would mean finally banning blades such as ninja swords, the weapon that killed Ronan Kanda.
His incredible family are campaigning for this, ably supported by their Member for Parliament, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Wolverhampton South East (Mr McFadden) , and they are right: any ban on offensive weapons that would not have taken off the street the blade that killed their son is insufficient.
There is also an unintended consequence of leaving out ninja swords.
Those who sell these weapons are indifferent to their customers and their customers’ intentions.
If colleagues think I am overstating my case, they should just put into a search engine “zombie knives” or “ninja swords” and look at how they are marketed.
If knives and machetes are prohibited, these firms will  just move on to pushing ninja swords at customers.
This is a hole in the Government’s plan and it must be plugged.
We can go further still here.
Many banned knives continue to be sold where young people can buy them and have them delivered to their home within a few days.