These are exactly the types of assets of community value we are talking about, and exactly the sorts of assets that will be in the scope of the new community right to buy.
Of course I would be keen to meet my hon.
Friend and the campaigners on that issue.
East Devon District Council has declared Seaton hospital an asset of community value and is awaiting news of round 4 of the community ownership fund to see whether we might get funding from that source.
In the meantime, NHS Property Services might be seeking to remove part of that hospital.
Can the Minister ask his colleagues in the Department of Health and Social Care to prevent that?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for that question, although I am sad to hear it.
The asset of community value status really ought to give a degree of protection, but I am happy to talk about that further.
As I have said, round 4 of the community ownership fund will be coming forward very shortly.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of service charges on residents in social housing.
The Government recognise the considerable financial strain that rising service charges are placing on leaseholders, including those whose landlord is a social housing provider.
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, variable service charges must, by law, be reasonable.
Their reasonableness can already be challenged at the appropriate tribunal and the housing ombudsman can investigate complaints about the fairness of service charges made by shared owners, as well as tenants of social housing landlords, but the Government are exploring what more can be done to give leaseholders the protection that they need from unaffordable service charge increases.
Many leaseholders in my constituency live in properties where Clarion housing association is the freeholder.
This year’s service charge is on average almost 50% higher than the original estimate and for some on the High Path estate it is over £1,000 more.
Does the Minister agree that leaseholders deserve transparency, not shock bills?
What more can be done to give the housing ombudsman the power to demand compensation payments?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for that supplementary question and assure him that I share his deep concern about the pressure on the household budgets of shared owners in his constituency, and others across the country, as a result of rising variable service charges.
In addition to the routes to redress I have just set out, I draw his and the House’s attention to the  measures in the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Act 2024 that are designed to drive up the transparency of service charges to make them more easily challengeable if leaseholders consider them unreasonable.
Further detail about our plan to bring those and other provisions in the Act into force can be found in the written ministerial statement made on  21 November .
As the Minister will know, social housing providers and councils operate within a regulated service charge regime that does not allow them to make a profit, and the Housing Ombudsman Service is there for any complaints.
Will the Minister consider bringing in a similar regime for the private sector?
I have set out the routes to redress that are already available and our intention to switch on the measures in the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Act, but I am more than happy to sit down and have a conversation with my hon.
Friend about what more protection leaseholders in this space require.
What steps her Department is taking to allocate local growth funding according to need.
What steps her Department is taking to allocate local growth funding according to need.
We are intent on moving towards allocated, multi-year funding settlements targeted at need.