He will be aware, of course, that it is illegal under US law for us to engage directly with the new Administration until they come into place, but we will continue to have dialogue with our US and Mauritian friends.
I am surprised that as a former Defence Minister, the hon.
Gentleman is asking about costs.
He will know that it is usual for us to declare the operating and running costs of overseas bases, but it would compromise our operational security and long-term relationships if  we were to declare the Government-to-Government payment for overseas bases.
We have declared the operational running costs of our overseas bases, and we will continue to do so in response to parliamentary questions.
Detailing the security payments for Government-to-Government interactions is not something that this Government do, and was not something that his Government did either.
I call the Chair of the Defence Committee.
The UK-US base on Diego Garcia is of great significance for defence and has strategic international significance.
Steps must be taken to ensure that its legal status is secure in the future, and of course the voice of the Chagossians must be central in any future arrangement.
It has been reported that President-elect Trump has reservations about the proposed treaty, and newly elected Prime Minister Ramgoolam of Mauritius has ordered a review into the treaty.
What further representations have been made to both our partners to ensure that we have the support of our international partners?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The continuing operation of Diego Garcia is in the interests of UK and US national security, and this deal secures that operation.
I congratulate Dr Ramgoolam on his election.
In a letter to the Prime Minister on  15 November , he noted his commitment to completing the negotiations, and Jonathan Powell was in Mauritius this week to start that process.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
We, and all those who care about the resolution of this issue, are deeply disappointed about the way we have been led to this point, with 11 rounds of negotiations under the Conservatives, and more under the new Government.
Just four weeks ago, the Foreign Secretary presented his deal to the House.
Now the new President-elect and the new Prime Minister of Mauritius are expressing doubts.
Is it not striking and shocking that it has unravelled so quickly?
Does the Minister agree that whatever happens next, it is vital that the voices of the Chagossians are finally injected into the process, and that they are able to fulfil their rights of self-determination?
Whatever lies ahead in these talks, the Liberal Democrats have strongly argued that all treaties should come before the House before signing, and I believe that members of the Government, including two who are on the Front Bench today, supported that in the past.
Will the Minister commit to allowing meaningful opportunities for parliamentarians to examine the detailed proposals, including the necessary assurances on elements of the deal relating to our national security, before anything is signed?
We will follow the normal process for treaty ratification, which is that after signature, the treaty will come before this House, with details given to colleagues and with the ability for full parliamentary scrutiny, as would be expected as part of the normal process.
The hon.
Gentleman is right to raise the Chagossians.
My ministerial colleague, my hon.
Friend  the Member for  Cardiff South and Penarth (Stephen Doughty) , who is sat next to me, has been meeting Chagossian communities in the UK.
He will continue to meet those communities.
This Government deeply regret how they were treated and removed from the islands originally.
It is one reason why we have made the relationship with the Chagossians such an important part of the future of the islands, as the Foreign Secretary has previously outlined to the House.