It will not surprise my hon.
Friend to hear that I wholeheartedly agree.
The delivery of critical national infrastructure is essential for economic growth, accelerating the UK’s efforts towards clean power by 2030, and energy independence.
The Bill in question will include old measures to streamline the delivery of infrastructure and new homes.
Furthermore, our forthcoming 10-year infrastructure strategy will provide a strategic road map for how we plan for future needs and support our commitment by making timely decisions on national infrastructure.
Under the housing targets, Hinckley and Bosworth will see a 59% increase in housing.
North West Leicestershire will see it go up by 74%, but Leicester city, where there is brownfield and infrastructure, will see it fall by 31%.
That is compounded by the fact that the Liberal Democrat-run borough council in Hinckley and Bosworth does not have an up-to-date local plan.
Given that there is speculative development in Hinckley and Bosworth, will the Minister consider strengthening neighbourhood plans?
We know that they deliver more housing, provide protections for people locally and have buy-in from communities, yet the council suffers without an up-to-date one.
The hon.
Gentleman will know that we are leaving in place the protections on neighbourhood planning.
He is mistaken if he is suggesting that we are skewing development towards rural areas.
The proposed standard method, which we consulted on, significantly boosts expectations across city regions.
Indeed, across mayoral combined authority areas, it would see targets grow by more than 30%.
Local plans  are the best way for communities to control development in their areas.
I am sure that he will agree that Hinckley and Bosworth borough council needs an up-to-date local plan in place.
Perhaps he can work with me to ensure that that is the case.
I call the shadow Minister.
Ministers briefed the media over a week ago about plans for local government reorganisation and devolution.
When do the Government plan to set them before the House, so that Members representing areas across the country can take a view?
I am not sure how that relates to planning reform, which is the subject of the question, but my hon.
Friend the Minister for Local Government will set out in due course how our plans for devolution will be taken forward.
Apologies if there is confusion; I was expecting to come in on question 4. [
Interruption.]
I am glad to hear it.
Many areas of the country stand to lose millions of pounds from the scrapping of the rural services grant—one of many local government funding streams that are expected to change.
When will our councils, and this House, know the full impact of the financial changes, so that any reorganisation, devolution, or changes to local plans and other council strategies can be delivered with full knowledge of the impact that the changes will have on councils’ on the ability to lead locally?
Full details of the provisional settlement will be set out in the coming weeks.
What discussions she has had with local government representatives on potential future devolution agreements in Somerset.
In July, the Deputy Prime Minister invited places without a devolution agreement, including Somerset, to come forward with proposals for their area, in order to gauge the approaches and forms being considered across the country.
We welcome Somerset’s support for this initiative, and look forward to hearing its views on the imminent White Paper on English devolution, which will be released shortly.
My constituents have had to endure the Liberal Democrats presiding over the transition from two levels of council, which worked—they balanced their books—to a unitary council that is on the brink of bankruptcy.
Can the Minister assure the House that no new council reforms will be forced on unwilling areas, and that local opinion will be at the forefront of his decision?
I think we have all had to endure Liberal Democrats, so I can reflect on that.