I call the Chair of the Housing, Communities and Local Government Committee.
I welcome the Secretary of State’s announcement of the deadlines.
However, the National Audit Office report published last month shows that the majority of buildings affected by cladding have not been identified.
Will the Secretary of State go further by delivering a more joined-up approach, so that we can identify and remediate those properties as soon as possible?
I thank the Chair of the Select Committee for that question.
It will probably not surprise her to hear that the first question I asked when I became Minister with responsibility for building safety was, “How many buildings need remediating?”
I do not think that it will surprise her or colleagues to hear how astonished I was to find out that between 4,000 and 7,000 buildings were  unidentified after seven years—which shows the previous Government’s intent.
We are going to identify them, work out what their risks are and get them remediated.
I welcome the Government’s commitments, in response to my written parliamentary questions, to a consultation on ending fleecehold.
However, my constituents in Markhams Close and across Basildon and Billericay just want to know when that will take place.
As I set out in response to a previous question, we will consult on how to end the prevalence of new fleecehold estates, and we will, in the short term, ensure that residents on existing estates have the protections they need against unfair management charges.
I am delighted that the Government’s Mayoral Council is handing back powers to local communities.
We are already seeing the impact of that.
Claire Ward, the Mayor of the east midlands, attended the first meeting in October.
She is leading the way: the east midlands is one of the youth trailblazer regions granted £5 million of Government funding to help young people into work or training.
What work are Ministers doing to give those who contribute to our country a say in how it is governed?
The forthcoming English devolution White Paper will set out clearly our top-to-bottom redistribution of power, and how we include and engage people at a local level to ensure that they can actively participate in the development of their areas.
There is growing concern among constituents that planning decisions are being swept aside because of the Government’s new planning reforms.
What assurance can the Minister give that there will be meaningful engagement between constituents and their local planning authority, and that decisions will be respected?
As I have said, the best way to shape development in any given area is to have an up-to-date local plan in place.
Where such plans are not in place, local authorities leave themselves open to the presumption in favour of sustainable development, and to development via appeal, so I encourage the hon.
Gentleman to ensure that his local authority has an up-to-date plan in place.
That is the best way for residents to have control.
We want more resident engagement upstream in those local plans.
In five years, the cost of West Sussex county council’s Oracle upgrade has risen from £2.6 million to £28 million.
Is that the kind of contract mismanagement that the Office for Local Government can look into?
We are currently in the process of reviewing oversight, accountability, and checks and balances to make sure that they are in place and fit for purpose, and that the early warning system works.
More detail on that will follow in the English devolution White Paper before Christmas.
Labour’s housing targets desperately need reform to take into account land availability around protected landscapes.
The Government have said that the answer is the costly planning appeals system.
Does the Minister think that is a good use of taxpayers’ money?
Local plans have to go through examination for a determination of whether they are sound.
Hard constraints, such as the type that the hon.