After signature, they come forward for ratification.
This process was started a number of years ago by the Government that he supported.
Eleven rounds of negotiation have taken place.
We have secured a deal that is in support of the UK and US base on Diego Garcia, which will continue to operate well into the next century.
When he and others see the detail of the deal, I am sure they will back it.
It is hard to imagine anything said from that Dispatch Box over the past five months that has survived contact with reality, and this is no different.
In the tripartite relationship between the United States, the United Kingdom and Mauritius, two of those partners now have doubts about this arrangement, so what is the unseemly rush about?
In the tension between national security and the human rights of the Chagossians, this Government, as usual, have managed to reconcile neither.
I am not certain whether the SNP’s record on national security really gives the hon.
Member the platform that he is pretending to have on this one.
I recognise, however, that he is trying to make a serious point about the deal.
When the deal is signed, it will come before the House in the usual way.
That will allow parliamentarians of all parties to look at the detail of the deal and take a judgment, and the House will vote in the usual way, as it will do on other treaties.
What is it in particular that the new regime in Mauritius have doubts about?
It is that they want more money, isn’t it?
I think it is quite normal for any new Government to look again at a deal signed by their immediate predecessor—[Interruption.]
The reason I say that is that when they look at the deal, they will see that the detail is convincing; just as it will be for our US friends, because it is a deal backed by the entirety of the US security apparatus that secures the future operation of the UK-US base well into the future and deals with the uncertainty around the base that existed until the deal was made.
Hopefully, the right hon.
Member will back the deal when the details come before the House—let us see.
The presentation of what the American Administration believe is a fantasy.
Joe Biden is going—in fact, many think that he has gone already.
I have been contacted by very senior  officials and advisers from the incoming Republican Administration, and every single one of them is appalled at this deal.
They know that the leasehold agreement will not survive, just as the deal with China over Hong Kong did not survive.
Has not the time come for the Government to admit that this is a rotten deal for the UK, a rotten deal for America and an even worse deal for the Chagossians?
If the Minister cares so much about the sovereignty of the Falklands being in the hands of the Falkland Islanders, why not have a referendum of the Chagossians and ask them to settle who should have sovereignty over those islands?
As someone who has been in the Falklands recently, let me say that whipping up uncertainty about their future is not helpful for the security of the Falkland Islanders.
Let us be absolutely clear: the Falklands are British for as long as the people of the Falkland Islands want to be British.
When it comes to this deal, I am certain that when its detail has been put before this House and before our US friends and other allies, they will see that it not only secures the future of the UK-US base—something that is not the case until the deal is signed—but secures it well into the next century, when the hon.
Gentleman and I will no longer be in this place but the UK-US base on Diego Garcia will still be operating, securing our national interests.