Agreeing the deal now, on our terms, meant that we were able to secure strong protections that will allow the base to operate as it has done.
We look forward to engaging with the upcoming US Administration on this and many other aspects of the UK-US special relationship.
Finally, hon.
Members can be reassured that the long-term protection of the base on Diego Garcia has been the shared UK and US priority throughout, and this agreement secures its future.
We would not have signed off on an agreement that compromised any of our security interests, or those of the US and our allies and partners.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for granting this urgent question.
At a time when we face the most challenging military threats for years, surely our top priority should be to preserve the strongest possible US-UK relations, given that this is so vital to our national security, yet it appears that the Government are seeking to agree a deal surrendering the sovereignty of the Chagos islands before President Trump is formally in post.
We know that the new US Administration are concerned about the Government’s deal because presumptive nominee US Secretary of State Marco Rubio has said that the deal
“poses a serious threat to our national security interests”.
He has also suggested that
“it would provide an opportunity for communist China to gain valuable intelligence on our naval support facility”.
Let us be clear: our military base on Diego Garcia is a vital strategic asset for the UK in the Indian ocean, and it is critical to our presence and posture in the Indo-Pacific region.
In particular, it is an especially important base for the United States, and we believe that anything that damages its defence posture, particularly in relation to China, also undermines our national security.
We understand that the new Mauritius Government have now launched a review of the deal.
Will the Minister therefore confirm that the Government’s policy really is to try to rush through their Chagos deal before President Trump’s inauguration?
Does he not see how that would be hugely disrespectful to the new Administration and President Trump’s democratic mandate?
Given that we now know it is common for the MOD to state the cost of overseas bases, will he be transparent and finally tell the House how much we will have to pay to rent back the vital military base that we currently own?
Finally, although we would prefer the Government to cancel the whole deal, at the very least will the Minister pause any further ratification until the new US Administration are in place and the Mauritius Government have concluded their review?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his questions and his strong focus on this matter.
I think he has a bit of amnesia from when the Government he was a part of started these negotiations.
They held 11 rounds of negotiations, and it took a Labour Government to conclude them.
We have done so in the best interests of our national security, and the national security concerns of our closest allies.
It would not have been possible to secure a deal and the support of the United States if all parts of the US security apparatus were not in support of it, and as a former Defence Minister, the hon.
Gentleman will know that to be true, regardless of the politics he must play today.
The hon.
Gentleman asked two quick questions.
We intend to continue our dialogue with the new Mauritian Government and our friends in the United States.
He will be aware, of course, that it is illegal under US law for us to engage directly with the new Administration until they come into place, but we will continue to have dialogue with our US and Mauritian friends.
I am surprised that as a former Defence Minister, the hon.
Gentleman is asking about costs.