Member has forgotten that his Government failed to meet their housing targets every single time.
The Government are committed to building 1.5 million homes over this Parliament.
Under the Tories, house building plummeted as they bowed to pressure from their Back Benchers to scrap local housing targets.
We are bringing back mandatory housing targets.
The Chancellor has put more money into the affordable homes programme, and we will build those homes.
The hon.
Member does not know my history and how I work.
What recent progress her Department has made on planning reform.
What changes her Department is making to the national planning policy framework.
What recent progress her Department has made on planning reform.
What changes her Department is making to the national planning policy framework.
As hon.
Members will be aware, we consulted on proposed changes to the national planning policy framework and other changes to the planning system between  30 July  and  24 September .
My officials and I have been analysing the over 10,000 responses received, with a view to publishing a Government response before the end of the year.
We also intend to bring forward the planning and infrastructure Bill, announced in the King’s Speech, early next year.
Many young families would love to live in my beautiful constituency of North East Derbyshire, but unfortunately we just do not have the housing for them.
Could the Minister assure me that our planning reforms will enable us to get the right housing in the right places with the right amenities, to complement the beautiful constituency?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question.
The Government are determined to increase rates of house building in order to address the housing crisis and boost economic growth, but we are equally committed to improving the quality and sustainability of the homes and neighbourhoods that are built during our period in office.
In the aforementioned NPPF consultation, we proposed a series of changes to realise that ambition, including golden rules to ensure that development in the green belt is in the public interest, and a vision-led approach to transport planning.
The dangerous proposed reforms to the NPPF are among the many things that the Labour Government have rushed through in the past five months.
How will those reforms ensure that villages such as Kings Langley, and South West Hertfordshire, retain their individual character and identity, and do not have their green spaces re-banded as grey belt, concreted over and absorbed into an ever-increasing Greater London?
We are not going to concrete over the green belt.
The Government are committed to preserving the green belt, which has served England’s towns and cities well over many decades, but we have to move away from the previous Government’s approach to it, which was to allow land in it to regularly be released in a haphazard matter, often for speculative development that did not meet local housing need.
This Government are committed to taking a smarter, more strategic approach to green-belt land designation and release, so that we can build more homes in the right places and secure additional public benefit through the operation of our golden rules.
My constituency is fortunate enough to have a number of potential projects that are ripe for investment, including the Port of Workington and energy projects for new nuclear and other kinds of clean energy.
They are essential projects for economic growth, but to get them going we need major planning reform, not just for housing but for infrastructure projects.
Does the Minister agree on the urgent need for planning reform for infrastructure, and that any legislation that we bring forward must be comprehensive, so that we can remove all the obstacles that stand between us and getting building?
It will not surprise my hon.
Friend to hear that I wholeheartedly agree.
The delivery of critical national infrastructure is essential for economic growth, accelerating the UK’s efforts towards clean power by 2030, and energy independence.