He will continue to meet those communities.
This Government deeply regret how they were treated and removed from the islands originally.
It is one reason why we have made the relationship with the Chagossians such an important part of the future of the islands, as the Foreign Secretary has previously outlined to the House.
Can the Minister confirm that the operations of the vital UK-US base on Diego Garcia will continue, completely unaffected by the terms of this deal?
Separately, will he confirm that our commitment to the Falkland Islands, to Gibraltar and to the rights of the people there to self-determine remain completely unaffected by this deal?
As the first Minister from the new Government to visit the Falklands, I was able to say clearly that the Falkland Islands are British for as long as they would like to be.
The message I gave to the Gibraltarians was that Gibraltar is British for as long as the people of Gibraltar want it to be.
I confirm to my hon.
Friend that this deal secures the future of the UK-US base on Diego Garcia.
That is something that our US allies have supported.
Which is more important for Britain’s vital security: to have the approval of the outgoing American President, or the approval of the incoming one?
What is there to prevent China, with Mauritius’s agreement, putting listening outposts on other islands that could compromise the security of Diego Garcia?
There are specific arrangements in the treaty that prevent any foreign power from putting security apparatus or security forces on any of the outgoing islands.
The right hon.
Gentleman will be able to see that when the treaty comes before the House.
In relation to the support of the United States, we would not have signed an agreement if it was not supported by our US friends.
This deal secures the operation of the UK-US base on Diego Garcia well into the next century.
I expect that when everyone looks at the detail of the deal, they will back it too.
Chagos belongs to the Chagossians.
A quarter of the global population of Chagos lives within my constituency.
I am aware of statements made by Ministers that they have met representatives of the Chagossian community; I do not know who those representatives are, but I know of representatives in my constituency who have not yet been consulted.
Does the Minister agree that before any further dialogue takes place, the Government should engage fully with the community representatives in my constituency?
The Foreign Office Minister beside me, my hon.
Friend the Member for Cardiff South and Penarth, has met a range of representatives from the Chagossian community and will continue to do so as this process continues.
I know that he would welcome a conversation with my hon.
Friend to make sure that that dialogue is as complete as it can be.
First, may I ask, what is the rush?
Why is the Minister in such a hurry to get this done?
May I suggest that it would be to the Government’s advantage, if their case is so strong, to allow this House to debate the agreed text in public before it is signed?
May I also suggest that it stretches incredulity for him to tell the House that there have been no discussions at all with the incoming American Administration?
Can he at least tell the House what informal dialogue there is with the incoming Administration about what their view really is?
Can he report that to the House, please?
As a long-standing Member of this House, the hon.
Gentleman will be familiar with how treaties are debated and agreed by this House.
After signature, they come forward for ratification.
This process was started a number of years ago by the Government that he supported.
Eleven rounds of negotiation have taken place.