Keith Conradi in particular enabled us to understand building safety management as a safety management system.
The events leading to the Grenfell disaster were  not just the random failings or crimes of individuals.
Where there is culpability, prosecutions must certainly follow, but that is not the main point.
Grenfell and previous fires, such as Lakanal House, demonstrated that there was a comprehensive failure of the safety system that should exist to keep buildings as safe as possible.
We made our submission in September 2021.
After seven years—a disadvantage of public inquiries is that they take a very long time—I was disappointed that the inquiry did not really find time to engage with our recommendations.
It did publish our submission, but from the recommendations, I think it is fair to say that a number of issues have been handed back to the Department to be resolved.
Paragraph 113.58, entitled “Implementing change”, simply suggests that the London Fire Brigade should
“establish effective standing arrangements for collecting, considering and effectively implementing lessons learned from previous incidents”.
That is an odd recommendation when we think about it, because the London Fire Brigade was itself very, very severely criticised in the report.
That it should be left responsible for marking its own homework and making recommendations about itself underlines that the lacuna in the recommendations is the lack of an investigation body.
There were two other paragraphs about building control that I shall come to: paragraphs 113.37 and 113.38.
Those were our two urgent priorities to be addressed in our submission.
By the way, I am very grateful to the Minister for accepting our request for a meeting, which the Prime Minister promised on the Floor of the House when he announced the outcome of the inquiry.
We had a very good meeting with the Minister for Policing, Fire and Crime Prevention.
I think she was taken with our recommendations but I think that they fall to the Minister’s Department, so I look forward to meeting him later this week.
I completely understand the challenge.
Drawing a line between qualifying and non-qualifying leaseholders—between people who own a property and therefore suffer from things that have been beyond their control, and landlords that are businesses and therefore have multiple assets—will always be a difficult job.
At the edge, where the boundary between qualifying and non-qualifying becomes blurred, there are some difficult cases.
As a new Government, we are committed to working with people to understand better how we can go forward on that.
As for the substantive point on where the liability should lie, it is about finding the right balance between those who built the building and those who live in it.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps her Department is taking to increase the supply of social housing.
What steps her Department is taking to increase the supply of social housing.
What steps her Department is taking to increase the supply of social housing.
What steps her Department is taking to increase the supply of social housing.
We will deliver the biggest increase in social and affordable housing in a generation.
The last Government’s affordable housing programme is expected to deliver only between 110,000 and 130,000 homes, although when it was published in 2020, the ambition was for 180,000.
Labour is fixing that.
The Chancellor announced in the Budget an immediate one-year cash injection of £500 million into the affordable homes programme to deliver 5,000 new social and affordable homes.
Many of my constituents in Birmingham Erdington are worried about the deteriorating quality of social housing.
What work is being done to ensure that housing stock is maintained to the highest standards, so that tenants can live in the safe, high-quality housing that they deserve?
I know that housing quality has been a particular issue in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
All social housing tenants deserve to live in a safe, decent home.