758, 3WC.]
Correction
Will the Minister commit to working with local authorities to use new powers to run high street rental auctions, so that we can end the affront of empty shops this Christmas?
Yes.
High street rental auctions, which were launched at the weekend, are a brilliant way—[Interruption.]
Indeed; they were part of the Levelling-up and Regeneration Act 2023, which I am sad to say the previous Government did not commence—as part of the war on woke, I believe.
Nevertheless, we have commenced those auctions.
They are a tool in the hands of local communities; if there are vacant properties, let us get them brought back into use.
I represent Tunbridge Wells, and just over the boundary in Wealden district, a large housing development is proposed.
Wealden will get the houses, but the infrastructure burden will fall particularly on my constituents who live in Tunbridge Wells.
Will the Secretary of State update me on the reforms to the NPPF?
What is being done about this problem of cross-boundary infrastructure?
In the NPPF, we set out the clear direction of travel towards the universal coverage of strategic planning across the whole of England.
We had an Adjournment debate on that just last week.
We are determined to put in place the mechanisms that will allow effective cross-boundary co-operation to ensure that the right infrastructure and housing growth takes place.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Defence if he will make a statement on the impact of the Government’s Chagos negotiations on the UK-US defence relationship.
I congratulate the hon.
Gentleman on securing this urgent question.
The Secretary of State has asked me to respond on behalf of the Department.
On  3 October , the UK and Mauritius reached an historic agreement to secure the important UK-US military base on Diego Garcia, which plays a crucial role in regional and international security.
The agreement secures the effective operation of the joint facility on Diego Garcia well into the next century.
The agreement is strongly supported by our closest friends and allies, including the United States.
It has been supported by all relevant US Departments and agencies, following a rigorous scrutiny process.
This base is a key part of UK-US defence relationships, as it enables the United Kingdom and the United States to support operations that demonstrate our shared commitments to regional stability, provide a rapid response to crises and counter some of the most challenging security threats we face.
The President of the United States applauded the agreement.
To quote him directly:
“It is a clear demonstration that through diplomacy and partnership, countries can overcome long-standing historical challenges to reach peaceful and mutually beneficial outcomes.”
Several other countries and organisations, including India, the African Union, the UN Secretary-General and others, have welcomed and applauded this historic political agreement.
Our primary goal throughout these negotiations, which started over two years ago under the previous Government, was to protect the joint UK-US military base on Diego Garcia.
There will be clear commitments in the treaty to robust security arrangements, including arrangements preventing the presence of foreign security forces on the outer islands, so that the base can continue to operate securely and effectively.
The operation of the base will continue unchanged, with strong protections from malign influence.
For the first time in 50 years, the base will be undisputed and legally secure.
Continued uncertainty would be a gift to our adversaries.
That is why the agreement has been welcomed by all parts of the US system, and other critical regional security partners.
Agreeing the deal now, on our terms, meant that we were able to secure strong protections that will allow the base to operate as it has done.
We look forward to engaging with the upcoming US Administration on this and many other aspects of the UK-US special relationship.
Finally, hon.