Rural homelessness has risen by 40% in just the last five years.
In our communities, that is massively fed by the fact that average house prices are about 12 times above local incomes, as well as insufficient local housing.
Does the Minister agree that we need to give planning powers to local authorities and national parks, so that they can designate exclusively for social rented housing and developments that therefore cannot be used for expensive housing for which, frankly, there is no need?
As I said, we have an ambitious plan for affordable and social housing, which fits within the Government’s commitment to build 1.5 million homes.
It is vital to make supply available.
We are putting in funding, including £500 million for the affordable homes programme, which will build 5,000 properties.
The hon.
Gentleman is aware of the work we are doing to ensure that there is a proper and effective national planning framework to go hand in hand with local work with local authorities.
I hope he can see that we are very much working in the spirit of ensuring that we increase supply, provide affordable and social housing, and tackle the root causes that need to be addressed.
Some 18,000 homes with planning permission across Somerset are waiting to be built, but nutrient neutrality issues, flood risk and the national shortage of planners are preventing or delaying the delivery of those much-needed homes.
What discussions has the Minister had with Cabinet colleagues about fixing the issue and ensuring that appropriate homes are built to help reduce the strain caused by the lack of housing in Somerset?
I can reassure the hon Lady that the Government are addressing those issues and will take appropriate action.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State and other Ministers are very much engaged with this important agenda.
I call the shadow Minister.
Sadly, homelessness is projected to rise by 27% this year.
The Government’s broken promise on national insurance rises has wreaked havoc across the charitable sector, with 110 national  homelessness charities warning the Chancellor that £50 million to £60 million will be lost in the sector and Homeless Link calling the increase
“the final nail in the coffin”
for the sector.
Will the Minister listen to that warning, and what will she be doing to convey these concerns to the Chancellor and change this disastrous policy?
I welcome the shadow Minister to his position.
May I remind him of the record of his party in government?
In those 14 years, 123,000 households, including 150,000 children, were living in temporary accommodation—not to mention the scandal of rough sleeping and the deaths caused by that Government’s neglect.
We are investing to tackle those issues and the mess that the hon.
Gentleman’s party left behind.
We have already announced £233 million in the Budget; Conservative Members need to decide whether to back us on the investment we are making to clean up the mess that he and they have left behind.
What consultation her Department has undertaken with staff on the decision to close six offices.
My Department has set a workforce and location strategy that proposes to retain 16 of the existing 22 departmental offices.
This will result in six offices closing over the next two years.
Staff engagement on the announcement is ongoing, and consultation on implementing the strategy is beginning this month.
My Department will continue to engage with the trade unions and consult with them before the office closure proposals are finalised and implemented.
The Department will not make any compulsory redundancies and will continue to help the colleagues and staff affected to work effectively in their roles.