What is being done to protect homeowners from unfair losses and sky-high insurance premiums?
We are clear that dangerous buildings need to be remediated.
That is why the best thing that any building owner can do is get into a scheme today to unlock the funding and meet those duties they have as building owners.
When they do that and when they are approved for the grant, they would have an inspection at that point, so I am surprised to hear that dangerous defects would be locked in, as the hon.
Lady says, but I am interested in having a conversation with her to understand that further.
A block of 50 flats in my constituency was built by the public sector 60 years ago and has now been found to have a major structural fault that will cost over £1 million to fix.
The flat owners are also shared freeholders of the block and cannot afford the cost of the repair or to sell their flats.
As it is an unusual situation, will the Minister meet me and the resident owners to consider a way forward before the situation gets critical?
Yes, of course.
The issue of cladding defects is exceptionally important and, indeed, the subject of a debate later today, but so are non-cladding defects and protecting leaseholders from their impacts.
Given that the Government are already doing another relaunch, would the Secretary of State reconsider the fairness of housing targets, whereby poor delivery by Labour in London is awarded with lower targets to the detriment of areas such as South West Hertfordshire?
Perhaps the hon.
Gentleman did not hear my previous response.
The proposed new standard method, which we consulted on, significantly boosts expectations across our city regions.
In mayoral combined authority areas, it would see targets grow by more than 30%, matching the ambition of our local leaders.
The Government are consulting on the future of pan-regional partnerships such as our own Great South-West, which covers Cornwall, Devon, Somerset and Dorset.
Businesses I speak to value the ability of our regions to speak with one voice on economic issues to Government and to investors, which are important for our region.
Would the Minister meet me and businesses to discuss the future of PRPs?
I thank my hon.
Friend for taking the time to meet me to talk about devolution and growth in that region.
We are absolutely committed to ensuring that growth is felt in every part of the country, and that requires partnership from central Government, local government and the business community.
I would be more than happy to meet him to talk about how we can do that going forward.
In July, overseas voters—British nationals—were able to vote for Members of Parliament in this House, but in the absence of overseas constituencies, too many are being told that the MP of their last address cannot represent them because of the rules about Members representing only constituents.
Can we get a letter out to all MPs providing clarity on the issue?
The hon.
Member will be aware that the Electoral Commission has published a report on the general election, and we will consider its findings and will come back in due course on this matter and others.
The overheated housing market in York is being fuelled by the 2,193 short-term holiday lets in the city.
I have a private Member’s Bill on the subject, so will the Minister work with me as I co-produce the Bill to address this problem in York?
My hon.
Friend and I have discussed this matter many times.
She is well aware of the Government’s approach to tackling excessive concentrations of short-term lets and second homes.
I am of course more than happy to discuss the issue with her again in the future.