Does the Minister think that is a good use of taxpayers’ money?
Local plans have to go through examination for a determination of whether they are sound.
Hard constraints, such as the type that the hon.
Gentleman has just mentioned, will be taken into account when those plans are tested, even under the new framework.
The Government’s commitment to build more affordable homes is both welcome and urgent.
However, we also need to ensure that registered providers are willing and able to take on section 106 affordable homes when they are built.
In recent years, a combination of factors has meant that too many homes stand empty.
Will my hon.
Friend say what steps can be taken to tackle the section 106 standing stock scandal?
We recognise that this is a growing problem across the country that is having a severe impact on affordable housing supply.
My hon.
Friend will not have to wait long to find out what the Government propose to do to bear down on this problem.
The proposed planning reforms mean that towns such as Tring will see up to 40% more housing built on the green belt.
What assurances can the Minister give that sacrificing that countryside will not have a negative impact on the community, and that we will have infrastructure before the occupation of homes and truly affordable homes for people in the local community?
We want to put in place a planning system that is geared towards meeting housing need in full.
That is a clear difference between us and the Conservative party.
In bringing forward its local plan and looking at development, every local area should look first at densification—that is, what it can do on brownfield land.
It should only have to review green-belt land if it cannot meet the needs in that way or via cross-boundary strategic planning.
Last week, my local council announced the proposed closure of the much-loved Prince of Wales theatre in Cannock.
Despite the council’s financial pressures, local people do not want that theatre to become collateral damage.
Will the Minister meet me to see what could be done to explore community ownership and give our theatre the bright future that thousands of my constituents want to see?
As my hon.
Friend knows, I am very keen on community ownership, and I am sad to hear about the situation in his community.
I would definitely  steer him towards the “asset of community value” process in the immediate term, and of course, I would be very happy to meet him and campaigners on this issue.
Non-qualifying leaseholder status gets slapped on a property in perpetuity long after the required safety works are completed.
That status means that it is almost impossible to acquire a mortgage—solicitors advise very strongly that purchasers steer clear of such properties, which are very often flats—and the status is inherited by successive owners in perpetuity.
Has the Minister considered what this status does for the housing crisis?
I completely understand the challenge.
Drawing a line between qualifying and non-qualifying leaseholders—between people who own a property and therefore suffer from things that have been beyond their control, and landlords that are businesses and therefore have multiple assets—will always be a difficult job.
At the edge, where the boundary between qualifying and non-qualifying becomes blurred, there are some difficult cases.
As a new Government, we are committed to working with people to understand better how we can go forward on that.
As for the substantive point on where the liability should lie, it is about finding the right balance between those who built the building and those who live in it.[Official Report,  4 December 2024 ; Vol.
758, 3WC.]
Correction
Will the Minister commit to working with local authorities to use new powers to run high street rental auctions, so that we can end the affront of empty shops this Christmas?
Yes.