What steps her Department is taking to allocate local growth funding according to need.
What steps her Department is taking to allocate local growth funding according to need.
We are intent on moving towards allocated, multi-year funding settlements targeted at need.
We will set out this refreshed vision for local growth funding in the multi-year spending review, working with local leaders to drive growth in the areas that need it most, and ending the plethora of competitive pots.
I am very pleased to hear the Minister’s reply.
The last Government wasted local authorities’ time and money by making them bid for handouts from central Government.
In North Warwickshire, so much time was spent preparing numerous bids for the new swimming pool and leisure centre that our community desperately needed, only for vital funds to go to places without such high levels of need.
Under this Labour Government, will the Minister ensure that local authorities receive the fair funding they require to deliver the local services they know their communities need?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point about the harm done by that “beauty parade” funding model, which was inefficient and created so much disappointment.
What follows will be much better.
Seaside towns such as Rhyl and Colwyn Bay in my constituency have much in common with our north-west neighbours.
The 2019 “Future of Seaside Towns” report highlights the need to avoid a one-size-fits-all approach, while recognising common issues.
How do the Government plan to use national funding streams while ensuring local delivery to deliver long-term growth in our seaside towns?
That is another important argument for why we need longer-term, allocative settlements.
It is my hon.
Friend, her local authority, her local residents and her community who know Rhyl.
They are the experts, and they should have the flexibility to break the one-size-fits-all model to make things work for themselves.
I declare an interest as a Stratford-on-Avon district councillor.
Does the Minister agree that, in two-tier local government areas, district and borough councils are best placed as the most local form of government to allocate funds from the UK shared prosperity fund, given their proximity to communities and their deep understanding of local needs?
The hon.
Lady tempts me to discuss the shared prosperity funding, which communities will receive shortly.
I have to say that my enthusiasm is for all tiers of government in local areas—whether that is metro mayors, upper-tier authorities, boroughs and districts or indeed parish and town councils—to come together in shared interest to improve their communities.
I thank the Minister for his answers; it is always good to hear some positivity.
We in Northern Ireland are still waiting on shared prosperity funding.
There would be some benefits for my constituency; Strangford has coastal issues such as seaside improvement and coastal erosion.
Has the Minister had an opportunity to talk to the relevant department in Northern Ireland to see how central Government could help us back home?
I am always careful not to disappoint the hon.
Gentleman, given that at the High Street Heroes awards for Retail NI last year, I awarded the winning high street to Ballymena rather than Newtownards, and I am not sure he is ever going to forgive me.
I assure him that I am having conversations with ministerial counterparts in the Northern Ireland Executive.
We are also talking to local authorities and some of the groups that have been delivering projects, such as Go Succeed.
Those conversations are ongoing as we speak, and the full answer about the allocations will be coming shortly.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Today I published our remediation acceleration plan, a step change in our response to the building safety crisis.
Without decisive action, the risks and the hardship of unsafe cladding could be with us until 2040.
That cannot go on.