The Conservatives set that objective, and we are glad that this deal secures the future of the base well into the next century.
That is an important step for UK and US national security.
Will the Minister set out how he intends to implement safeguards against China establishing military capabilities and surveillance capacity in the British Indian ocean territories?
That is an important question, and one that I responded to a few answers ago.
Let me reassure the hon.
Gentleman that safeguards in the treaty will detail that no foreign security forces will be able to set up on the outer islands, providing that security perimeter around Diego Garcia that we and our US allies have sought.
This is a good deal because it secures not only the future operation of the base but the future security around the base.
I am hopeful that when the details come out, he will be able to see that for himself.
I return to a question asked but not answered this afternoon.
If as a result of the review the Mauritian Government demand more money, will the Government pay up in order to save face?
I am confident that this is a good deal.
The Mauritian Government will look at the deal that has been signed and see that it is a good one.
Our US friends know that it is a good deal, and anyone looking at it in future will see that it is a good deal because it achieves our No.
1 objective of securing the UK-US base on Diego Garcia well into the next century.
The shadow Secretary of State, my hon.
Friend  the Member for South Suffolk (James Cartlidge) , alluded to the presumptive nominee Marco Rubio’s comments that the deal represents a serious threat to US national security.
Does the Minister agree?
All the representatives of the US security apparatus who have seen the detail of the deal back it.
It secures the future of the base and it allays US fears around the future of the base.
There has been some barking from the Opposition Front Bench about this, so it is important to say that the base on Diego Garcia is not currently secure for the long term.
There are questions over its long-term sovereignty, and people are building support against our sovereignty claim.
This deal secures the long-term operation of that base well into the next century.
Having been one of many in this House to have vehemently opposed the ceding of the Chagos Islands without consulting the residents, and having stood in solidarity with those who opposed it, I am anxious to ensure that the Americans take control.
In turn, we must offer them support and allow those residents who consider themselves British to be a part of the equation.
What steps has the FCDO taken to ensure that the US is aware of the strength of opposition to this decision from those from the Chagos Islands?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his serious question.
This deal not only settles some of the outer islands for the Chagossian communities but allows visits to Diego Garcia for the Chagossian communities who were removed in a way that this Government so deeply regret.
The detail of the deal is good to secure our national security and US national security, and it takes important steps to recognise and remedy the pain suffered by Chagossian communities.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs if he will make a statement on the situation in Bangladesh and recent attacks on the Hindu community there.
The UK has a long-standing commitment to the protection of human rights.
The UK champions freedom of religion or belief for all; no one should live in fear because of what they do or do not believe in.