There is little demand for those houses, and little provision of social housing.
Can she have a word with the leader of Thanet council?
In our new national planning policy framework, we have set out how we are protecting agricultural land, but we have also set out the fact that our country faces a housing crisis.
I cannot believe that the right hon.
Gentleman’s constituency does not have a crisis, because it is everywhere.
Over the last 10 years, under the previous Government, £500 million of taxpayers’ money was handed out to second and holiday homeowners in Cornwall alone, while only half that amount was  spent on social housing for first-time need.
Meanwhile, there is a massive backlog of shovel-ready social housing development that has planning permission and is ready to be delivered, but is caught by construction inflation.
Surely the Government can add the dots to resolve the problem—
Order.
The houses could have been built by now.
I really hope so, Mr Speaker; that is the plan.
We are taking steps through the new national planning policy framework, and we have new mandatory targets for local authorities.
We have also allowed local authorities to keep their right to buy receipts.
The Government are taking a number of measures to ensure that we get the homes that we so desperately need, and I am determined to get to that 1.5 million figure.
I welcome the Secretary of State’s warm words about improving affordable housing availability.
Does she agree that the affordability of housing is closely related to the bills that people have to pay—energy bills in particular?
Will she ensure that all new social housing from this stage forward is built to the highest possible standards of energy efficiency, to save people’s bills?
Again, we have been looking at how we build safe, secure, energy-efficient homes that bring down people’s energy bills.
The previous Government saw energy bills go up really high.
We are introducing Great British Energy so that we can bring bills down, and are building the homes that people desperately need.
I am sure that the House agrees that affordable housing is important.
However, my experience in Leicester South is that all too often it is provided in new developments, as homes for shared ownership or as similar housing products, which are out of reach for the poorest in my community.
What my community really needs is more social rented houses.
What is the Secretary of State doing to promote the construction of social rented homes, as opposed to other affordable housing products?
I agree with the hon.
Member that we need more social homes.
That is why we have been putting more into the affordable homes programme.
We have made it absolutely clear that under section 106 notices, which he mentioned, homes need to be affordable; that is why we have put affordability tests in the NPPF.
We want to ensure that people have those homes, and we want to build the next generation of council and social housing—and we will.
I call the shadow Minister.
We can see that after just five months, the Government’s target of 1.5 million new homes lies in tatters.
The National Housing Federation says that the Government will miss their target by 475,000 without more grant—last week the Housing Minister said the same—and now Labour-run South Tyneside council says that the plans are “wholly unrealistic”, with other Labour councils agreeing.
Is it not time for the Government to admit defeat, come back with a  deliverable plan and provide the sector with the certainty that it needs to deliver more social homes across the country?
The hon.
Member has forgotten that his Government failed to meet their housing targets every single time.
The Government are committed to building 1.5 million homes over this Parliament.
Under the Tories, house building plummeted as they bowed to pressure from their Back Benchers to scrap local housing targets.