I know that housing quality has been a particular issue in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
All social housing tenants deserve to live in a safe, decent home.
We will bring forward Awaab’s law to the social rented sector, setting new time limits for social landlords to fix dangerous hazards.
We will shortly consult on minimum energy efficiency standards and a new decent homes standard.
We will direct the Regulator of Social Housing to introduce a new competence and conduct standard and an access to information requirement.
There are 2,151 families across Bournemouth, Christchurch and Poole on social housing waiting lists, many in unsuitable temporary accommodation.
What steps is the Department taking to unlock development sites in densely packed constituencies like mine, so that the council can meet its housing targets, and families can get the safe and secure housing that they deserve?
We have consulted on changes to the national planning policy framework to maximise development on brownfield land, and we have invited views on proposals for a new brownfield passport, which will provide more explicit guidance on how the  potential of land in urban areas can be maximised.
We intend to publish updates on the national planning policy framework by the end of this year.
In Scotland, 242 people died while homeless last year.
Those deaths are a travesty for our country and a damning symbol of Scottish Government failure.
My local authority of West Dunbartonshire declared a housing emergency this year.
Does the Secretary of State agree that as we head into winter, it is more urgent than ever that the Scottish National party Government finally take action, deliver a fair deal for councils, build more affordable social houses and offer every Scot a safe, secure home?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise this issue; 242 people dying is absolutely horrendous.
We face an acute housing crisis.
While housing and homelessness are devolved, I urge our Scottish counterparts to grip this issue.
I completely agree that he gives a damning example of the crisis in Scotland.
Every single homeless death is a tragedy.
That is why a sufficient supply of affordable housing and joined-up support services are essential, as we will make clear in our upcoming inter-ministerial meetings with our Scottish colleagues.
I have another question on the SNP’s failure on housing, because it is so bad.
Scottish figures show that new build starts are falling in all sectors, and are at their lowest level since 2013.
Private sector new builds are down 20% since 2022.
For social housing, the figure is even worse: they are down by 30%.
This is devastating the opportunity for families across my constituency to get a home of their own.
The SNP has the largest funding settlement in devolution history.
Will it use that to properly fund the social rented sector?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight the housing crisis in Scotland, where too many families are waiting for too long for a safe and secure home.
I completely back all the brilliant work that my friend the Scottish Labour leader is doing, and I know that the choice will be stark for people in Scotland in May 2026; it will be between a national Labour Government delivering for the working people of this country, and a clapped-out and failing SNP Government north of the border.
Given that the Secretary of State’s avowed goal is to create more social housing, can she explain to the House why Labour-controlled Thanet district council is seeking to build a large housing estate on the outskirts of Birchington-on-Sea, on prime agricultural land?
There is little demand for those houses, and little provision of social housing.
Can she have a word with the leader of Thanet council?
In our new national planning policy framework, we have set out how we are protecting agricultural land, but we have also set out the fact that our country faces a housing crisis.