My constituents have had to endure the Liberal Democrats presiding over the transition from two levels of council, which worked—they balanced their books—to a unitary council that is on the brink of bankruptcy.
Can the Minister assure the House that no new council reforms will be forced on unwilling areas, and that local opinion will be at the forefront of his decision?
I think we have all had to endure Liberal Democrats, so I can reflect on that.
We are in constant dialogue with local councils on our twin-pronged approach.
One prong is devolution and making sure that we push power out of this place and into local communities.
The other is reorganisation in cases where  councils recognise that it delivers more effective and efficient local government.
The Department is keen to hear the conversations that local areas are having on that.
We now come to the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I hope that you will endure us, Mr Speaker.
Dorset council, which covers half my constituency, has agreed to work with Somerset and Wiltshire—all unitary councils—on a devolution arrangement, but residents are already raising concerns that top-down reorganisation will take decisions further away from their homes and communities.
They are worried about what a mayoral combined authority might do to them.
What assurances can the Minister give that the town and parish councils, on which residents rely so heavily, will not be expected to keep unitary councils afloat, and that my residents will not see back-door council tax rises as a result of the changes?
Central Government have said to local government that we want to reset the relationship and work as partners in power, and it is not unreasonable to expect that councils will do the same at a local level and will work together in partnership.
We see that across the country: local councils work in partnership with their parish and town councils in the interests of their community.
Whether or not reorganisation takes place, we expect that to continue.
What steps her Department is taking to support councils in reducing homelessness.
What progress her Department has made on ending rough sleeping.
What steps her Department is taking to support councils in reducing homelessness.
We are taking action to tackle the root causes of homelessness.
Funding for homelessness services is increasing next year by £233 million, taking the total spend to almost £1 billion in 2025-26.
We are also abolishing no-fault evictions and will deliver the biggest increase in social and affordable house building in a generation.
Over the past two years, we have witnessed a staggering 50% increase in homelessness in Blackpool, underlining the urgent need for support in our communities.
Blackpool’s homelessness partnership, through which the council works with the third sector and local charities, has done outstanding work to prevent homelessness, but we need more support.
What steps will the Minister take to support and strengthen local efforts to ensure immediate relief and long-term solutions for some of the most vulnerable in our society?
This Government have already made £10 million of additional funding available to local authorities, including Blackpool, to tackle rough sleeping pressures this winter, and we are developing a long-term, cross-departmental strategy.
The £547 million rough sleeping initiative will continue to support local authorities across England by funding tailored rough sleeping services, which includes funding of £313,000 for Blackpool borough council in 2024-25.
As a result of the Localism Act 2011, introduced by the Conservative party, the ringfence around homelessness funding was removed.
Due to that, and despite the good work that the Government are doing on funding homelessness services, Tory-led Devon county council is consulting on cutting its entire homelessness support budget, which would have a devastating impact on people and on the city of Exeter.
Does the Minister agree that councils should really invest that money in homelessness services and not squirrel it away in other pots across the council?