As I set out in the written ministerial statement to which I referred earlier, the Government will act to protect leaseholders from abuse and poor service at the hands of unscrupulous managing agents, such as the ones my hon.
Friend mentioned, by strengthening regulation in this area.
May I thank the Minister for the answers that he has given me in this Chamber, and in a written answer at the end of October, on the plight of leaseholders who have extra apartment levels grafted on above the blocks in which they live?
I appreciate that he does not want to alter the planning presumption in favour of granting permission to build add-on extra levels, but will he at least consider outlawing any attempt by freeholders to pass on the cost of botched extensions to the poor old leaseholders, who have suffered enough by having such extensions built over their heads in the first place?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his question.
He will recognise—I know he does—that those types of developments are the result of the expansion of permitted development rights that was taken forward after 2013.
There are issues with the quality of some of the works that have come through that stream.
On the specific issue he raises, perhaps it might be a good idea if we sat down together.
I will happily discuss with him how we can protect leaseholders from those types of variable service charge increases.
Battersea is home to a large number of leaseholders, many of whom have had to face astronomically high service charges from what we all know are unscrupulous management agents.
I am very pleased that this Government will protect leaseholders, given that the last Government failed to do so, but is the Minister willing to meet me and some of my leaseholders so that he can share Labour’s plans to protect them?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question.
I am more than happy to sit down with her, or to join a call or meeting with leaseholders in her constituency, in order to discuss the Government’s plans to end the system in this Parliament.
We fully appreciate the wish of leaseholders across the country for us to act with speed.
As the ministerial statement sets out, we also have got to balance that with the need to get these reforms right.
The serious and specific flaws that were left to us by the previous Government in the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Act 2024 are a warning about what happens when reform in this area is not done properly.
I welcome the Government’s commitment to continue our work to address issues with the current leasehold system.
However, where we are building new towns, such as Sherford in my constituency, residents, like others in new builds, face council tax and service charges, with no likelihood of that changing.
What plans does the Minister have to address the impact of service charges in new towns as part of leasehold reform?
I think the hon.
Lady is referring to the pressures placed on residential freeholders as a result of some of the management estate charges that come through that route.
There are provisions in the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Act to provide residential freeholders with additional protections, and we need to bring those measures into force.
We also then need to look more widely at how we reduce the prevalence of private and mixed-tenure housing estates, which are the fundamental root of the problem.
What steps she is taking to further devolve powers to local communities.
The English devolution White Paper, due by the end of the year, sets out how we will transfer power from Westminster to people who know their areas best.
The White Paper will also announce measures that will give local places and communities greater control over shaping their area.