Staff engagement on the announcement is ongoing, and consultation on implementing the strategy is beginning this month.
My Department will continue to engage with the trade unions and consult with them before the office closure proposals are finalised and implemented.
The Department will not make any compulsory redundancies and will continue to help the colleagues and staff affected to work effectively in their roles.
There has been a drive across Government Departments to increase the number of hours that civil servants spend working in the office, but the proposed closure in Newcastle means that staff working and living in the area who cannot work from home will face a 40-mile commute to the office in Darlington.
Can the Secretary of State assure me that there will be an equality impact assessment before any decision is made, to ensure that the needs of those with protected characteristics and caring responsibilities are fully considered?
As my hon.
Friend knows, I am a big advocate of flexible working and making sure that we support our colleagues.
The Department prepared an initial equality impact assessment in advance of the announcement of the location strategy, which will be developed during the consultation with the staff and the trade unions to inform the mitigations that will support the staff who are affected.
Many of us fought very hard to ensure that the Department had a location in the city of Wolverhampton, and I think that all of us, on both  sides of the House, recognise how important it is to get civil servants out of London and right across the country.
How is the Secretary of State looking at developing and growing the base in Wolverhampton as part of her wider strategy?
The strategy will create a more coherent office estate that enables stronger office communities and transparent career pathways for progression, and we will continue to be represented across each of the regions and nations of the United Kingdom.
What steps she plans to take to reform the leasehold system.
For far too many leaseholders, the reality of home ownership has fallen woefully short of the dream.
Over the course of this Parliament, the Government are determined to honour the commitments made in our manifesto and to do what is necessary to finally bring the feudal leasehold system to an end.
On  21 November , I made a written ministerial statement to update the House on the steps that the Government intend to take to implement the reforms to the leasehold system that are already in statue, and to progress the wider set of reforms that are necessary to end the system for good.
I recently met people living on the redeveloped Blackberry Hill hospital site in Fishponds, and they told me about the excessive and unfair leasehold charges that they face from their property management company, FirstPort.
What assurances can the Minister provide that this Government will, once and for all, free people from the leaseholder system and end the rip-off fees?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
The Government are acutely aware that far too many leaseholders across the country are routinely subject to unjustified permissions and administration fees, unreasonable or extortionate charges, and onerous conditions that are imposed with little or no consultation.
That is not what home ownership should entail, and it is why we must bring the system to an end in this Parliament.
As I set out in the written ministerial statement to which I referred earlier, the Government will act to protect leaseholders from abuse and poor service at the hands of unscrupulous managing agents, such as the ones my hon.
Friend mentioned, by strengthening regulation in this area.
May I thank the Minister for the answers that he has given me in this Chamber, and in a written answer at the end of October, on the plight of leaseholders who have extra apartment levels grafted on above the blocks in which they live?