As a result of the Localism Act 2011, introduced by the Conservative party, the ringfence around homelessness funding was removed.
Due to that, and despite the good work that the Government are doing on funding homelessness services, Tory-led Devon county council is consulting on cutting its entire homelessness support budget, which would have a devastating impact on people and on the city of Exeter.
Does the Minister agree that councils should really invest that money in homelessness services and not squirrel it away in other pots across the council?
We are absolutely focused on tackling homelessness and rough sleeping, and their root causes.
The previous Government left local authorities in a dire condition.
The autumn Budget announced £4 billion of additional funding for local authorities and services, and funding for homelessness services is increasing next year, but I will look into the points my hon.
Friend raises.
We are determined that wherever people live they are protected from the risk of homelessness and rough sleeping.
Although in my constituency we have the City of Wolverhampton council’s homelessness prevention strategy, which has had some success in tackling homelessness, last week I was contacted by a constituent fleeing domestic violence and finding it difficult to get permanent social housing for herself and her daughter.
Crisis, the national homelessness charity, reports a 15% increase in children living in temporary accommodation—the highest on record—and we know that issues such as substance misuse and lack of proper employment also cause homelessness.
Will the Minister please confirm how her Department is helping councils to deal with the societal and economic issues that can cause homelessness?
My hon.
Friend raises really important issues about how multiple underlying causes can drive people into homelessness.
We are determined to tackle the root causes, which is why the Deputy Prime Minister is chairing the inter-departmental taskforce on homelessness and rough sleeping.
The previous Labour Government took action, and cut homelessness and rough sleeping.
We are determined to ensure that we tackle the underlying issues, which means reforming the supported housing that victims of domestic violence need and ensuring that local government works with mayors and national Government to tackle these issues.
We are absolutely committed to doing that.
Wokingham borough council is under intense financial pressure, making the crucial task of reducing homelessness a significant challenge.
Initial estimates are that the Budget’s new funding for local government will be more than swallowed up by cost increases in employers’ national insurance contributions and the national minimum wage, let alone the ever-growing  demand for statutory services.
Will the Minister meet me and the leader and chief executive of our council, so we can discuss the future of its finances and what we can do to reduce homelessness?
I am aware that the Minister for Local Government and English Devolution, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Oldham West, Chadderton and Royton (Jim McMahon) , has already met the hon.
Gentleman, but I am happy to look at the specific issues he raises in relation to homelessness.
To reassure him, we are working across Government on these very issues, looking at how different agendas can be brought together to tackle the deep-rooted issues affecting homelessness and rough sleeping, and how best we can support local areas.
I look forward to engaging Members from across the House as we develop that very important cross-departmental strategy to tackle the deep-rooted causes of homelessness and rough sleeping.
Rural homelessness has risen by 40% in just the last five years.
In our communities, that is massively fed by the fact that average house prices are about 12 times above local incomes, as well as insufficient local housing.
Does the Minister agree that we need to give planning powers to local authorities and national parks, so that they can designate exclusively for social rented housing and developments that therefore cannot be used for expensive housing for which, frankly, there is no need?