Today I published our remediation acceleration plan, a step change in our response to the building safety crisis.
Without decisive action, the risks and the hardship of unsafe cladding could be with us until 2040.
That cannot go on.
The plan sets out how we will fix buildings faster, identify remaining buildings that are still at risk and ensure residents are supported through the remediation process.
I recently heard from a constituent with three young children who has applied for over 80 properties, but is still waiting for social housing.
What steps will my right hon.
Friend take to speed up the planning process specifically for social housing?
My hon.
Friend is right to draw attention to the need for more social housing.
We have committed to delivering the biggest increase in social and affordable house building in a generation, and I have proposed changes to the national planning policy framework to support that.
We have also announced additional funding for the affordable homes programme.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
At whose request did the Secretary of State call in the planning application for the Chinese super-embassy?
I welcome the hon.
Gentleman to his place.
Despite him being on the Opposition Benches, we seem to have a lot in common: we both came to Parliament in the 2015 intake, represent constituencies in the north and think the Tories deserved to lose the last general election.
We take planning decisions in the normal way.
I used to have ginger hair as well!
May I give the right hon.
Lady the answer to my question?
It was the Foreign Secretary.
In opposition, the now Home Secretary warned that the Chinese Government are “attempting to influence Parliament”, and trying
“to interfere in our democracy and undermine our security.
”—[Official Report,  11 September 2023 ; Vol.
737, c. 667.]
Those risks are all heightened by this development.
Are this Government so desperate to counteract the disastrous Budget and their own growth-wrecking trade union Bill that they are now willing to override national security, national interests and the sensible concerns of their Home Secretary by kowtowing to the Chinese Government?
We have got record investment into the UK through our international business summit.
I am proud of our Employment Rights Bill, which is pro-worker and pro-employer.
It will reward good employers and put money back into the high street.
This Government take national security very seriously and will continue to do so.
Given that the mayoral council and leaders’ councils are being contemplated as part of the English devolution Bill, what steps is the Deputy Prime Minister taking to ensure that Cornwall’s voice is heard in Westminster, after being subsumed for far too long?
It was a pleasure to meet my hon.
Friend and colleagues to talk about devolution in Cornwall.
He will know that we have agreed to a non-mayoral devolution deal for Cornwall as a first step.
We recognise the distinct culture, history and identity of the Cornish people.
This important step will allow us to unlock deeper devolution in Cornwall and, in time, we hope it will allow Cornwall to take its seat at the Council of the Nations and Regions.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
My constituent, Dom, purchased a high-rise building that, it now transpires, does not meet building regulations on combustible materials used in the early 2000s.
His building  is being remediated, but the materials are being allowed to remain, locking in the risk for the long term and sending insurance premiums sky high.
Why are the Government not investigating historic non-compliance?
What is being done to protect homeowners from unfair losses and sky-high insurance premiums?
We are clear that dangerous buildings need to be remediated.
That is why the best thing that any building owner can do is get into a scheme today to unlock the funding and meet those duties they have as building owners.