Amendment 7, page 12, line 35, leave out “may” and insert “must”.
This amendment would require the panel to question the person seeking an assisted death.
Amendment 10, page 12, line 36, at end insert—
“(ba) must ask the person whether they have discussed the request with their next of kin and other persons they are close to and, where they have not done so, discuss their reasons for not doing so;”
This amendment would require the Voluntary Assisted Dying Panel to ask the person whether they have discussed their request for an assisted death with family and friends, and to discuss their reasons if not, in order to determine whether to grant a certificate of eligibility.
Amendment 8, page 12, line 38, at end insert—
“(ca) must consider hearing from and questioning—
(i) persons properly interested in the welfare of the person to whom the referral relates, and other persons they are close to; and
(ii) any other person who has provided treatment or care for the person to whom the referral relates in relation to that person’s terminal illness;”.
This amendment would require the panel to consider hearing from those with an interest in the welfare of the person and those who have provided treatment to them.
Amendment 11, page 13, line 4, leave out subsection (6) and insert—
“(6) If the panel is of the opinion that there are exceptional circumstances which justify not hearing from the person, then the duties under subsections (4)(b) and (4)(ba) do not apply.”
This amendment is connected to Amendment 10.
Amendment 23, page 13, line 14, at end insert—
“(ca) where the person to whom the referral relates is under the age of 25, their next of kin;”.
Amendment 49 to clause 16, page 13, line 23, leave out subsections (1) to (4) and insert—
“(1) The person applying for assisted dying, any parties  to the proceedings, or the registered medical practitioners who are treating them may apply to  the Commissioner for the Panel’s decision to be reconsidered.
(2) Anyone with evidence, which was not before the Panel, showing that a certificate of eligibility should not have been issued may apply to the Commissioner for the Panel’s decision to be reconsidered.
(3) The Commission must consider, without a hearing, whether an application under subsection (1) or subsection (2) raises an arguable case that the Panel’s decision was—
(a) wrong, or
(b) unjust because of a serious procedural or other irregularity in the proceedings.
(4) Upon receiving an application under subsection (2) the Commissioner must—
(a) if satisfied that there is an arguable case that either of the criteria in subsection (3) are met, refer as soon as reasonably practicable the person’s case to a different Assisted Dying Review Panel for a determination of whether either of the criteria in subsection (3) are met,
(b) in any other case, dismiss the application.
(5) If the new Assisted Dying Review Panel concludes that the either criterion under subsection (3) is met, they must consider the person’s eligibility for a certificate of eligibility application afresh.
(6) The new Assisted Dying Review panel may consider whether either of the subsection (3) criteria are met and the fresh application under subsection (5) together.
(7) An assisted death must not take place for a person whose application for assisted dying is subject to the process under subsections (1) to (6) until the conclusion of that process.”
Amendment 66, to clause 23, page 19, line 21, leave out “subsection (3)” and insert “subsection (2)”.
This is a drafting change.
Amendment 67, page 19, line 32, at end insert—
“(6A) An approved substance may be provided to a person under subsection (2) by—
(a) preparing a device which will enable that person to self-administer the substance, and
(b) providing that person with the device.