This amendment would require the assessing doctor to consult other health professions and other persons as the assessing doctor sees fit on clinical, psychological and social matters relevant to the person.
Amendment 63, page 9, line 44, leave out “, disease or condition” and insert “or disease”.
This amendment aligns the wording used here with the wording used in Clause 2(1) (which defines what it means to be “terminally ill” for the purposes of the Bill).
Amendment 64 to clause 12, page 10, line 40, leave out “section 10 and 11” and insert—
“sections 10, 11 and (Replacing the coordinating or independent doctor where unable or unwilling to continue to act)”.
This amendment is consequential on NC11.
Amendment 65, page 11, line 3, at end insert—
“and section (Replacing the coordinating or independent doctor where unable or unwilling to continue to act)(6)(a)(ii)”.
This amendment is consequential on NC11.
Amendment 47 to clause 14, page 11, line 33, at end insert—
“(2A) The Commissioner must give notice of the referral to any persons who are likely to have an interest in being notified by virtue of being persons properly interested in the welfare of the person to whom the referral relates, and other persons they are close to.
(2B) Those persons may either become parties to the proceedings before the panel or may give evidence to the panel without becoming parties, at the Panel’s discretion.
(2C) The Commissioner must issue a practice direction relating to the matters in subsection (2A) and (2B).”
Amendment 48, page 11, line 33, at end insert—
“(2A) The Commissioner must give notice of the referral to the designated authority and make them a party to the proceedings.
(2B) The designated authority must send a representative or advocate to the panel who will be tasked to make all reasonable arguments to the panel for why a certificate of eligibility should not be granted.
(2C) The designated authority shall be one of the following as chosen by the Secretary of State in regulations—
(a) the Official Solicitor,
(b) the King’s Proctor,
(c) the Attorney General, or
(d) any other body so designated by the Secretary of State.”
Amendment 31 to clause 15, page 12, line 17, at end insert—
“(da) that the person has relevant and available palliative care options,”.
This amendment, which is linked to Amendment 30 would mean that someone is only eligible for assistance in ending their own life under this Act if they have relevant and available palliative care options.
Amendment 5, page 12, line 29, at end insert—
“(j) that there are no psychological, social or environmental factors influencing the person to make the decision.”
This amendment ensures that the panel must be satisfied that no psychological, social or environmental factors are influencing the decision of a person to seek assisted dying.
Amendment 6, page 12, line 33, leave out “may” and insert “must”.
This amendment would require the panel to question the coordinating doctor or the independent doctor.
Amendment 7, page 12, line 35, leave out “may” and insert “must”.
This amendment would require the panel to question the person seeking an assisted death.
Amendment 10, page 12, line 36, at end insert—
“(ba) must ask the person whether they have discussed the request with their next of kin and other persons they are close to and, where they have not done so, discuss their reasons for not doing so;”
This amendment would require the Voluntary Assisted Dying Panel to ask the person whether they have discussed their request for an assisted death with family and friends, and to discuss their reasons if not, in order to determine whether to grant a certificate of eligibility.