(1B) The clinical panel must consist of—
(a) a registered social worker,
(b) a registered psychiatrist,
(c) a palliative care consultant, registered on the GMC Specialist Register,
(d) a doctor who is—
(i) a consultant in a specialty of the patient’s diagnosis, if the coordinating doctor is a GP, or
(ii) a GP, if the co-ordinating doctor is a consultant, and
(e) the coordinating doctor.
(1C) All registered health and social worker professionals on the clinical panel must have—
(a) received relevant training as determined by the Secretary of State, and
(b) opted in to determine that they are eligible to be on that panel.
(1D) The Secretary of State may by regulations establish a system for registered health and social worker professionals to opt in under subsection (1B).
(1E) For the first assessment, the clinical panel must establish—
(a) why the person wants to end their life through an assisted death and the alternatives they have considered,
(b) the person’s understanding of their disease or illness and how this can be palliated,
(c) whether there have been any intrinsic or extrinsic coercion which has led to the person seeking an assisted death,
(d) what support is available to the person and their carers for the duration of the person’s life,
(e) that the person—
(i) is terminally ill,
(ii) has capacity to make the decision to end their own life,
(iii) was aged 18 or above at the time the first declaration was made,
(iv) is in England and Wales,
(v) is an ordinary resident in England and Wales and has been so resident for at least 12 months ending with the date of the first declaration,
(vi) is registered as a patient with a general medical practice in England or Wales,
(vii) has a clear, settled and informed wish to end their own life,
(viii) made the first declaration voluntarily and has not been subject to coercion or pressured by any other person into making it,
(ix) is secure in their decision, and
(x) is not having their decision making impacted by their mental health.
(1F) The clinical panel must provide the person with information on the support available for the duration of their life, including future care planning.
(1G) The members of the clinical panel must meet with the patient.
(1H) For the purposes of subsection (1G), the person may meet the clinical panel members separately or as a group, depending on the person’s wishes.
(1I) When all assessments are complete all the members of the clinical panel must meet to discuss the patient’s safety, eligibility and care plan, including referral to specialist services.
(1J) Should the panel come to the view that the criteria set out in subsection (1E)(e) are not met, they must prepare a written statement and a member of the panel must meet the patient to discuss their findings.
(1K) When presenting the report under subsection (1J), the member of the panel must discuss with the person—
(a) the options available to the person, which can include the provision of more information, and
(b) access to the clinical or other support they require.”
Amendment 30, page 6, line 8, at end insert—
“(ca) has relevant and available palliative care options,”.
This amendment would mean that someone is only eligible for assistance in ending their own life under this Act if they have relevant and available palliative care options.
Amendment 46, page 6, line 27, leave out from “if” to “refer” in line 28 and insert—0 “the clinical panel is satisfied of all the matters listed in subsection (1E)(e),”.
Amendment 60, page 7, line 1, at end insert—
“(6) Where—
(a) a referral is made under subsection (3)(c),
(b) the independent doctor dies or through illness is unable or unwilling to act as the independent doctor, and
(c) no report under section 10 has been made by virtue of the referral,
a further referral may be made under subsection (3)(c).