I will move on to the lack of a best interests test in the Bill, which my new clause 16 seeks to remedy.
Patient autonomy is of course important, but it must be balanced against what is in someone’s best interests.
In certain situations, when it is in their best interests, treatment can be given against a patient’s will—for example, force-feeding a young girl with anorexia.
It is not an easy balance to get right, but in the absence of any best interests test in the Bill, following the process rigidly would lead to devastating results in some cases.
The Bill currently prioritises autonomy of the patient in a specific moment of time, rather than what might be in their best interests in the long run.
It makes no allowance for the fact that someone may feel a certain way temporarily due to other considerations.
For example, when someone has just received a terminal diagnosis, it can understandably cause a depressive state and suicidal feelings, but those feelings do not necessarily last, so it may be in the best interests of the patient to allow a little time to pass, to give them a little breathing space before considering the assisted death route.
New clause 16 essentially tries to provide a best interests test by excluding certain reasons, other than the alleviation of pain, that might be driving a patient’s decision.
For example, we have heard a great deal about the internal pressure from patients themselves that is   driven by their concern not to be a burden, and we heard clearly in Committee that a patient could tell a doctor that they are want an assisted death only for financial reasons, and that would still be approved.
We know from the experience of overseas territories that patients will often opt for an assisted death because of social and welfare issues, such as being homeless.
Will the hon.
Lady give way?
I am sorry, but I do not have much time and I wish to get through my points.
How can we be happy with a process that does not exclude such reasons?
Instead of providing the support that is actually needed, the state is content to put them on a pathway that leads to their death.
I hope that the House will recognise that, whether one supports assisted dying in principle or not, it is morally bankrupt not to have some kind of best interests test to protect those who are not seeking death to alleviate pain from a terminal illness.
Another group that is particularly vulnerable is those with eating disorders.
In Chelsea Roff’s oral evidence, she set out that
“at least 60 people around the world have been euthanised or assisted in suicide”
with
“anorexia nervosa listed by name as a terminal condition.
”––[Official Report, Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Public Bill Committee,  29 January 2025 ; c. 139, Q175.]
To paraphrase her, these were young women who were not terminally ill and had decades of life ahead of them.
It is important to make the point that someone suffering—
rose—
rose—
I would love to give way, but—
Order.
The hon.
Lady has said that she is not going to give way.
We are aiming for 15 minutes for each speech, but it is going to be 20 minutes if we do not pick up the pace.
I apologise, but I do want to get through my speech.
It is important to make the point that someone suffering with anorexia, or indeed any mental condition, is not intended to be eligible for an assisted death.
However, in the case of anorexia there are physical manifestations of the illness, such as malnutrition and diabetes, that might mean the patient meets the definition of being terminally ill, and that is the nub of the problem: the Bill does not adequately rule out physical manifestations caused by mental illness.
That is why amendment 14, tabled by  the hon.