This amendment would mean that someone is only eligible for assistance in ending their own life under this Act if they have relevant and available palliative care options.
Amendment 46, page 6, line 27, leave out from “if” to “refer” in line 28 and insert—0 “the clinical panel is satisfied of all the matters listed in subsection (1E)(e),”.
Amendment 60, page 7, line 1, at end insert—
“(6) Where—
(a) a referral is made under subsection (3)(c),
(b) the independent doctor dies or through illness is unable or unwilling to act as the independent doctor, and
(c) no report under section 10 has been made by virtue of the referral,
a further referral may be made under subsection (3)(c).
(7) Where a referral is made to a registered medical practitioner by virtue of subsection (6), that practitioner becomes the independent doctor (replacing the registered medical practitioner to whom a referral was originally made) and sections 10 to 12 and (Replacing the coordinating or independent doctor where unable or unwilling to continue to act) apply accordingly.”
This amendment makes provision, corresponding to the provision in clause 12 about the death or illness of a doctor from whom a second opinion is sought, for a further referral to be made where, before reporting, the independent doctor dies or through illness is unable or unwilling to act.
Amendment 32 to clause 10, page 8, line 6, at end insert—
“(aa) is a practitioner approved as having special experience in the diagnosis or treatment of mental disorder for the purposes of subsection (2) of Section 12 (General provisions as to medical recommendations) of the Mental Health Act 1983,”
This amendment would require the independent doctor to have special experience in the diagnosis of mental disorder.
Amendment 61, page 8, line 22, leave out “include training about” and insert “provide that the practitioner must have had training about the following”.
This clarifies that the obligation under subsection (10) is to specify training about certain matters.
Amendment 62, page 8, line 25, at end insert “(c) domestic abuse.”
This is a drafting change.
Amendment 51 to clause 11, page 9, line 10, at end insert—
“(v) whether, according to any reasonable body of medical or scientific opinion, there are risks of complications (including pain), and what those complications are, from the substance to be ingested;”
This amendment requires doctors to inform persons seeking assisted dying of any reasonable medical and scientific opinion according to which the lethal drugs have a risk of complication and what those complications are.
Amendment 33, page 9, line 24, at end insert—
“(fa) ask the person whether they have discussed the request with their next of kin and other persons they are close to and, where they have not done so, discuss their reasons for not doing so.”
This amendment would require the assessing doctors to ask the person whether they have discussed their request for an assisted death with family and friends, and to discuss their reasons if not, in order to decide whether to advise that they should do so under subsection (g).
Amendment 22, page 9, line 28, leave out from “must” to end of line 33 and insert— “consult such other health and social care professionals with qualifications in, or experience of, a matter relevant to the person being assessed, including but not limited to clinical, psychological and social matters.”
This amendment would require the assessing doctor to consult other health professions and other persons as the assessing doctor sees fit on clinical, psychological and social matters relevant to the person.
Amendment 63, page 9, line 44, leave out “, disease or condition” and insert “or disease”.
This amendment aligns the wording used here with the wording used in Clause 2(1) (which defines what it means to be “terminally ill” for the purposes of the Bill).