Lady give way?
I will make a little more progress, if I may, because a lot of people want to speak.
New clause 12 ensures that there is thorough reporting of instances where the co-ordinating doctor concludes that the patient does not meet the strict eligibility criteria set out in the Bill.
It is very important that this data is recorded, but at present there is no requirement for the co-ordinating doctor to produce a report when they are not satisfied about all matters set out in clause 23(5) and will not provide the person with the approved substance.
That lack of a reporting obligation does not align with the rest of the Bill—hence new clause 12, which I am sure colleagues will feel it is important to support.
I thank my hon.
Friend very much for giving way.
Although it is important that a doctor’s reasons for refusing to provide assistance are noted down, there is nothing in the Bill to ensure that, if the person makes another request in the future, the next co-ordinating doctor will be made aware of the first doctor’s report.
Will she say something to reassure those of us with concerns that people suffering mental ill health, including depression, may seek assistance repeatedly until they find a doctor who will assess them as eligible?
That would not be an issue, because copies of the report would be given to the patent, the co-ordinating doctor if they are not in the patient’s   GP’s practice, and the commissioner, so that information would be recorded, and it is very important that it is.
The report must set out the reasons—
Will the hon.
Lady give way?
I will make some progress, if I may.
I am trying to be very open to interventions, but I do need to crack on.
The report must set out why the co-ordinating doctor is not satisfied and must contain an explanation of why the patient cannot proceed with the assisted dying process.
The co-ordinating doctor must give a copy of the report to the person, to the person’s GP practice if they are not a practitioner within that practice, and to the voluntary assisted dying commissioner.
That reflects the thorough and robust reporting and monitoring mechanisms throughout the Bill.
I turn to the other amendments in my name.
I will try to keep my comments succinct, as many colleagues wish to speak.
Amendment 56 ensures that the co-ordinating doctor gives the commissioner a copy of the patient’s first declaration.
That enables the commissioner to carry out their monitoring responsibilities under clause 45.
Amendments 57 and 61—
Will the hon.
Lady give way?
I will.
Persistence pays off.
When considering the Bill, I had presumed that the doctor concerned would be a senior clinician—a senior doctor—but page 63 of the impact assessment refers to pre-registration doctors, who have just completed medical school and are on a provisional registration.
Will the hon.
Lady confirm that it is her intention that the provisions in the Bill may be carried out by the most junior doctors, as well as by more senior consultants and general practitioners?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her intervention.
Given her background, she knows what she is talking about.
Regulations will set out the level of expertise required by the doctor, but there will also be training for every single doctor taking part in the assisted dying process.
That is done well around the world, so there is work we can build on in that regard.
Amendments 57 and 61 are essentially tidying-up amendments that modify the wording of the Secretary of State’s duty to set out training requirements in clauses 7 and 10.
That fits with the intervention from  the hon.
Member for Sleaford and North Hykeham (Dr Johnson) .