The Bill is clear that a person cannot be considered terminally ill on the basis only of a mental disorder.
Clause 2 makes it clear that a person must have an inevitably progressive illness or disease that cannot be reversed by treatment.
Anorexia is a serious mental health condition that is not inevitably progressive and can, thankfully, be reversed by treatment.
Of course, at every stage of the assisted dying process the patient must be found to have capacity to make the decision, and this is checked repeatedly throughout the process.
Someone with severe anorexia would be highly unlikely to be assessed to have capacity to make a decision on assisted dying.
The other tragic reality is that if a patient was so ill as a result of not eating and drinking for whatever reason, they would die before the process of assisted dying was able to take place, as it could take up to two months to complete all the stages of the process as set out in the Bill, and the latest clinical guidance states that the general range of survival once voluntary stopping of eating and drinking has begun is between seven and 21 days.
Stopping eating and drinking also leads to a range of symptoms that would make meaningful conversations, as required by the Bill, impossible.
Having said that, I know that some people have expressed concerns that the severe physical consequences of a decision to stop eating or drinking could still enable someone to claim eligibility for assisted dying when they would not otherwise be able to do so, and I believe that is the motivation behind amendment 14.
rose—
I will take one final intervention.
The hon.
Lady is very kind.
At the moment, she is outlining the case for those who have problems with their eating and their diets almost to the point where they are unable to make their own decisions, and she is outlining what is going to happen here.
What would she say about the situation in Belgium and in Canada, where assisted dying has been legalised for people with eating disorders?
This may progress from what she has said and go way beyond that, as has been proven in other countries across the world.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for that point.
The eligibility criteria in this Bill are very different from those in the jurisdictions he mentions—people with mental health conditions are not eligible for assisted dying under the provisions of this Bill.
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
I will just finish this point, because it is very important.
I acknowledge the concerns that colleagues have expressed around this issue, and I believe they are the motivation behind amendment 14.
As I have set out, I think that risk is negligible.
I have taken advice, and there is some concern that clinicians might have difficulty assessing with certainty that the decision to stop eating and eating was the only reason for a person’s terminal prognosis; as such, some further drafting changes may be required in the other place if this amendment should pass.
With that in mind, however, and to ensure there is no sort of loophole, no matter how small the reality is of there being one, I am happy to support this amendment today.
rose—
I am going to leave it there for now, if I may.
I am conscious that many colleagues wish to speak in this important debate, and I am keen to hear their contributions, so I will conclude my remarks there.
I thank colleagues for listening, and I hope they are able to support the amendments in my name today in the interests of strengthening the workability of the Bill and providing greater flexibility and safeguards for patients and professionals.
It is a privilege to speak in this place on such an important Bill.