Amendment 2 to clause 5, page 3, line 5, leave out subsection (2).
This amendment is consequential to NC1.
Amendment 101, page 3, line 7, after “person” insert—
“, unless the person has Down syndrome or a learning disability, in which case a registered medical practitioner must not initiate, suggest, or raise the matter of assisted dying with that person”.
This amendment would disallow medical practitioners from initiating a conversation about assisted dying with a person who has Down Syndrome or a learning disability.
Amendment 102, page 3, line 12, at end insert—
“(3A) Before conducting a preliminary discussion under subsection (2) the registered medical practitioner must ensure that the person has no remediable suicide risk factors which pose a significant risk to their life.”
This amendment would mean that a preliminary discussion could not be held with someone who has remediable suicide risk factors which pose a significant risk to their life.
Amendment 26, page 3, line 20, leave out “, hospice”.
This amendment leaves out reference to a hospice, since this is a setting for the provision of palliative care.
Amendment 56 to clause 7, page 4, line 14, at end insert—
“(2A) The coordinating doctor must give a copy of the first declaration to the Commissioner as soon as reasonably practicable after it has been made.”
This amendment requires the coordinating doctor to give a copy of the first declaration to the Commissioner.
Amendment 57, page 5, line 14, leave out “include training about” and insert “provide that the practitioner must have had training about the following”.
This clarifies that the obligation under subsection (7) is to specify training about certain matters.
Amendment 58, page 5, line 18, leave out—
“specific and up-to-date training on”.
This clarifies that the training is to be about adjustments and safeguards for autistic people and person with a learning disability (rather than training about training about such matters).
Amendment 59, page 5, line 19, at end insert—
“(d) domestic abuse.”
This is a drafting change (moving the duty for the regulations to require the coordinating doctor to have received training on domestic abuse so that it is located with other similar duties).
See also amendment 74, which defines “domestic abuse” for the purposes of the Bill.
Amendment 87 to clause 9, page 6, line 2, at end insert—
“(1A) The coordinating doctor must take all reasonable steps, including by asking the person, the Commissioner, and the relevant Chief Medical Officer, to find out whether that person has previously made a first declaration.
(1B) If it appears that the person has previously made a first declaration, the coordinating doctor must obtain all relevant reports relating to that first declaration and, if no reports are available, must speak to the doctor who witnessed it unless that is not reasonably possible.”
Amendment 45, page 6, line 3, leave out from “person” to end of line 16 and insert—
“(1) On completion of the first declaration, the coordinating doctor must convene a clinical panel to carry out the first assessment.
(1A) the “first assessment” is an assessment to determine a person’s eligibility for assistance under this Act.
(1B) The clinical panel must consist of—
(a) a registered social worker,
(b) a registered psychiatrist,
(c) a palliative care consultant, registered on the GMC Specialist Register,
(d) a doctor who is—
(i) a consultant in a specialty of the patient’s diagnosis, if the coordinating doctor is a GP, or
(ii) a GP, if the co-ordinating doctor is a consultant, and
(e) the coordinating doctor.
(1C) All registered health and social worker professionals on the clinical panel must have—
(a) received relevant training as determined by the Secretary of State, and
(b) opted in to determine that they are eligible to be on that panel.
(1D) The Secretary of State may by regulations establish a system for registered health and social worker professionals to opt in under subsection (1B).