Amendment 4, page 2, line 6, leave out “within 6 months” and insert—
“(i) in the case of a neurodegenerative illness or disease, within 12 months; or
(ii) in the case of any other illness or disease, within 6 months.”
Amendment 14, page 2, line 6, at end insert—
“(1A) A person who would not otherwise meet the requirements of subsection (1) shall not be considered to meet those requirements solely as a result of voluntarily stopping eating or drinking.”
This amendment means that someone who is not terminally ill within the meaning of subsection (1) cannot bring themselves within that definition by voluntarily stopping eating or drinking or both.
Amendment 38, page 2, line 6, at end insert—
“(1A) A person who would not otherwise meet the requirements of subsection (1) shall not be considered to meet those requirements solely as a result of refusing standard medical treatment or taking any action intended to bring about a state of terminal illness.”
This amendment clarifies that an individual who is not already terminally ill under the definition in subsection (1) cannot qualify by refusing standard treatment or taking steps to induce a terminal condition.
Amendment 55, page 2, line 8, leave out “, disease or medical condition” and insert “or disease”.
This amendment aligns the wording of subsection (2) with the wording used in subsection (1) (which defines what it means to be “terminally ill” for the purposes of the Bill).
Amendment 81, page 2, line 16, leave out clause 3.
Amendment 24 to clause 3, page 2, line 18, at end insert
“except that section 1(2) of that Act shall not apply”.
This amendment would disapply the presumption that a person has capacity unless the opposite is established.
Amendment 17, page 2, line 18, at end insert—
“(2) For the purposes of the assessment of a person’s capacity under this Act the information relevant to the decision as specified under section 3(1)(a) of the Mental Capacity Act 2005 must include, but is not limited to—
(a) the options for care and treatment of the terminal illness, including—
(i) the extent of prognostic certainty of their illness or condition, and
(ii) the likely effects on day-to-day functioning, symptom management, and pathway to and experience of death of—
(A) relevant and available care and treatment including palliative care, hospice or other care,
(B) withdrawal or absence of care and treatment,
(b) the likely pathway to and experience of death, including relevant risks of complications, following proceeding to self-administer a substance to end their own life under the provisions of this Act,
(c) a decision to proceed under this Act does not prevent or make unavailable any care and treatment provision that would normally be provided,
(d) the person’s decision to proceed under this Act must be theirs alone and not bound or directed by the views or decisions of others,
(e) the person is able to change their mind at any stage of the process for requesting assistance to end their own life under the provisions of this Act, regardless of previous decisions,
(f) a decision to proceed under this Act is a decision to self-administer a substance to end their own life,
(g) the self-administration of such a substance is not a medical treatment for their terminal illness but a personal choice concerning life and death, and
(h) relevant legal consequences from proceeding with a request for assistance to end their own life, including life insurance and categorisation of death certification.”
Amendment 2 to clause 5, page 3, line 5, leave out subsection (2).
This amendment is consequential to NC1.
Amendment 101, page 3, line 7, after “person” insert—
“, unless the person has Down syndrome or a learning disability, in which case a registered medical practitioner must not initiate, suggest, or raise the matter of assisted dying with that person”.