This, I believe—as I know many others do—presents a serious risk that terminally ill patients, already highly vulnerable, will feel pressured to end their lives.
I realise that my hon.
Friend’s new clause 1 comes from a good place, but can she not see that it is inconsistent with our ethical obligations as doctors?
That is why the British Medical Association has suggested that although there should be no duty to raise the issue, neither should there be a ban on doing so.
I ask her to consider that the Australian state of Victoria initially had such a measure—a so-called gagging clause—as part of its Bill, but it was removed because it caused confusion and was detrimental to patient care.
Should we not learn from that?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his point, which brings me to something I really want to address.
As I said in my opening remarks, these are imperfect amendments.
I will get into some of the conversations that I have had with a number of people about this.
I am one person; I have not been able to consult the BMA, as a Government or a sponsor could, for example, but I am aware of its concerns.
However, we are talking here about very definite and irreversible decisions on life and death.
I know that many doctors have had conversations about that, but not to the level required to legislate for it.
This is a different set of circumstances, but I very much appreciate his point.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that far too many people do not have confidence in the face of authority, and that if a doctor raises assisted suicide with them—no matter how tactfully or professionally—they will feel that they are being steered in that direction?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for that intervention.
Given her many years as a constituency MP in the same borough as me, we both know many such vulnerable people.
Dr Rachel Clarke, a hospital palliative care doctor, said:
‘If, for instance, you say to a vulnerable patient who has just been told they have a diagnosis of terminal cancer, “Have you thought about assisted dying?”,
I would suggest that stating it broadly like that is a form of pressure and that you are potentially unintentionally coercing that patient.
’––[Official Report, Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Public Bill Committee,  28 January 2025 ; c. 75, Q93.]
So we are in a very difficult space, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stroud (Dr Opher)  highlighted, with his background as a practising GP.
We recognise that.
As I have said, this is an imperfect process to deal with that challenge, but it is a very different set of circumstances compared with the other advice that doctors give.
rose—
Speaking of doctors, I give way to the hon.
Lady.
I rise to support the hon.
Lady’s new clause 1.
As a doctor, I am very aware of the trust that the public place in doctors and the seriousness with which they take what we say.
If a doctor gives somebody information about assisted dying, it is quite reasonable for that person to think that the doctor is suggesting that they should take part in that process, or is hinting that their death will be dreadful and trying to be kind.
If doctors are allowed to say, “This is a good process,” more people will take it up than would otherwise have wanted to.
I thank the hon.
Lady.
Will the hon.
Lady give way?
I need to get into the arguments for my two new clauses, so I will not take any more interventions for the time being.