I will therefore speak to my new clauses 17 and 18, which would provide important protections for hospices, which are currently lacking in the Bill.
New clause 18 makes it crystal clear that any regulated care home or hospice can decide whether to provide assisted dying on its premises, and new clause 17 makes it clear that they cannot be subject to any detriment for not providing or permitting assisted deaths, and that their public funding cannot be conditional on their providing this service.
Whether one is in favour of assisted dying or not, we must preserve the rights of organisations, companies and charities to choose whether to offer it.
They must never be forced into it by public funding being conditional on the provision of assisted dying.
I note that new clause 10, tabled by  the hon.
Member for Spen Valley (Kim Leadbeater) , would expand the protection for individuals not to participate in the assisted  dying process if they so wish.
It seeks to protect employees from being subjected to any detriment for participating or not participating in the provision of assisted dying.
This sensible protection would ensure that if an NHS hospital provides an assisted death service, any member of staff who does not want to participate would not have to do so and would suffer no detriment as a result.
However, there needs to be a sensible mechanism balancing that against the employer’s right to set their own policy on assisted dying, and that is what my amendment (a) to new clause 10 seeks to do—we have already talked about that, so I will not go over it again.
I did want to talk about process and family, but it looks like I will not have time to do that.
I will end there.
I thank you for your patience and generosity, Mr Speaker.
I am grateful that I have had the chance to speak in support of the amendments, and I look forward to hearing from other Members.
I rise to speak to new clauses 1 and 2, which stand in my name, and consequential amendment 2, and I will touch on others at the end.
These amendments—without being dismissive of those who helped me draft them—are imperfect.
Those of us who are not the promoter of the Bill have not had the support of Government drafters in tidying up the Bill.
We need to acknowledge that the Bill in front of us today is the Bill—more or less—that will or will not be passed by this House.
For any amendments made, by the point of Third Reading, that is it—there will be no further opportunity to redraft them.
Sadly, one of these amendments was rejected in Committee.
If those changes had been discussed before the original Bill was published, or even in evidence before Committee, we would have been in a better place to get that tighter drafting that is needed in making good legislation.
We are not a debating society; we are now legislating for a law that would enable the state to assist in people taking their lives.
I am sad that we are able to discuss these amendments only now.
I did not get the opportunity to be on the Bill Committee, but I commend all Members who spend so many hours discussing and debating those issues.
The ramifications of the clauses I want to talk about are important for potential users of a service, for medical professionals, for families and for other health professionals.
The Bill currently allows doctors to suggest assisted dying to a patient who has not raised it themselves.
This, I believe—as I know many others do—presents a serious risk that terminally ill patients, already highly vulnerable, will feel pressured to end their lives.
I realise that my hon.
Friend’s new clause 1 comes from a good place, but can she not see that it is inconsistent with our ethical obligations as doctors?