It also requires that a panel has to be sure that all the eligibility requirements are met.
Finally, it requires the doctor administering the lethal substance to be sure that the person has capacity, a clear settled and informed wish to end their life, and is acting voluntarily without coercion and pressure.
New clause 16—Wish to end one’s own life—
“(1) A person does not have a wish to seek assistance to end their own life in accordance with this Act under section 5(5) if they are substantially motivated by—
(a) not wanting to be a burden on others or on public services,
(b) a mental disorder (including depression),
(c) a disability (other than the terminal illness),
(d) financial considerations, including lack of adequate housing,
(e) lack of access, or delayed access, to treatment or other service which a public authority is required (or can reasonably be expected to) provide, or
(f) suicidal ideation.”
This new clause ensures that a wish to end one’s own life that is substantially motivated by the factors listed in the amendment does not qualify for the provision of assistance under this Act.
New clause 17—No detriment for care home or hospice not providing assistance—
“(1) No regulated care home or hospice shall be subject to any detriment by a public authority as a result of not—
(a) providing assistance in accordance with this Act, or
(b) permitting such assistance to take place on their premises.
(2) No funding given by a public authority to a regulated care home or hospice can be conditional on that care home or hospice—
(a) providing assistance in accordance with this Act, or
(b) permitting such assistance to take place on their premises.”
This new clause would mean that regulated care homes and hospices cannot be subject to any detriment for not providing or permitting assistance in accordance with this Act, and that their funding cannot be conditional on them providing or permitting such assistance.
New clause 18—Care Homes and Hospices to decide their own involvement—
“(1) Nothing in this Act prevents any regulated care home or hospice from deciding whether (and if so to what extent) it wishes to provide assistance under this Act or to allow it on its premises.”
This new clause ensures that care homes and hospices are free to decide whether and to what extent they wish to provide assistance under this Act or allow it on their premises.
Amendment 80 to clause 2, page 2, line 4, leave out “and” and insert—
“(aa) As a result of that illness or disease the person is experiencing (or will likely experience) severe pain and discomfort that cannot be reasonably relieved to the person’s satisfaction through palliative care, and”.
This amendment requires that, in order to qualify, the terminal illness causes (or is likely to cause) severe pain and discomfort that cannot reasonably be relieved through palliative care.
Amendment 18, page 2, line 6, leave out from “expected” to end.
This amendment would remove the six-month time limit for a person to be eligible for an assisted death.
Amendment 4, page 2, line 6, leave out “within 6 months” and insert—
“(i) in the case of a neurodegenerative illness or disease, within 12 months; or
(ii) in the case of any other illness or disease, within 6 months.”
Amendment 14, page 2, line 6, at end insert—
“(1A) A person who would not otherwise meet the requirements of subsection (1) shall not be considered to meet those requirements solely as a result of voluntarily stopping eating or drinking.”
This amendment means that someone who is not terminally ill within the meaning of subsection (1) cannot bring themselves within that definition by voluntarily stopping eating or drinking or both.