Member for Dewsbury and Batley (Iqbal Mohamed) .
Exactly the same point was made when this House voted against the Assisted Dying (No.
2) Bill back in 2015.
Would she say that in the nine years after the House voted against the Bill, we saw a golden age in palliative care as a result, or does she think that if we wait for palliative care to be perfect we might never vote in favour of assisted dying?
The evidence is clear that palliative care does not get better when assisted dying is introduced; we heard that in the Bill Committee.
We should absolutely look to address palliative care, because that will benefit more people.
I will come to that point later in my speech, so I will not discuss it any further now.
I do not want to get ahead of myself.
There are many helpful amendments in this vein—namely, new clause 16, new clause 9 and amendments 80, 14, 38, 81, 24, 30 and 31.
In simple terms, they seek to tighten and refine the eligibility criteria for an assisted death by setting out when and for what reasons an assisted death should be allowed, and by ensuring that those who are vulnerable are protected from something that may not be in their best interests.
Interestingly, on Second Reading the argument put forward for assisted death was that those who are dying should be spared unbearable pain.
This is an argument that everyone understands and has full sympathy with.
No one in this place wants people to endure pain as they come to the end of their life; I certainly would not want that for my loved ones or indeed for myself when my time comes.
But then the arguments being put forward changed.
There was less emphasis on pain, and more on choice and autonomy.
The word “autonomy” came up again and again in Committee—and autonomy is important, of course, but up to a point.
From a proposal to provide a humane end to someone’s pain when it cannot be relieved in the last months of their life, we have moved to a proposal to provide an assisted death service to those who choose it for any reason, even if the pain can be alleviated by palliative care.
This approach, however, comes with a cost to others: family, clinicians and broader society.
This really is momentous.
There is no going back from such a massive shift.
A move to autonomy trumping everything else changes everything.
That is why new clause 16, tabled by my hon.
Friend, is so important.
In other jurisdictions that have passed such laws, up to a third of people report that they have taken this step because they feel they are a burden on others.
That is the truth of it—it is not always about pain—and that is the kind of autonomy that leads to disaster.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for making that point; he is absolutely right.
I have tabled amendment 80, which would bring the Bill back to its original intentions.
It would require that in order to be eligible for an assisted death, the pain and discomfort experienced or expected from a person’s terminal illness could not be reasonably relieved to their satisfaction through palliative care.
It seeks to limit assisted death to the very small group of people who may benefit from it, not the larger group who just need adequate palliative care to give them the comfortable, dignified death they deserve.
The hon.
Member’s amendment speaks of “severe pain and discomfort”, but there is a reason why the medical profession has not gone for that.
How does she propose we assess severe pain and discomfort as opposed to medium pain?
Is a fungating wound part of severe pain and discomfort?
The key point is that we need to improve palliative care.