(4) The coordinating doctor must give a copy of the report to—
(a) the person,
(b) if the coordinating doctor is not a practitioner with the person’s GP’s practice, a registered medical practitioner with that practice, and
(c) the Commissioner.”
This new clause (intended to be inserted after Clause 27) requires the coordinating doctor to produce a report where assistance is not provided because they are not satisfied of all of the matters mentioned in Clause 23(5).
New clause 1—No health professional shall raise assisted dying first—
“No registered medical practitioner or other health professional shall raise the subject of the provision of assistance in accordance with this Act with a person unless that person has first raised it.”
New clause 2—No health professional shall raise assisted dying with a person under 18—
No registered medical practitioner or other health professional shall raise the subject of the provision of assistance in accordance with this Act with a person under the age of 18.”
New clause 7—Doctor independence—
“(1) Any same two registered medical practitioners may not be involved in the assessment of any one person (whether as co-ordinating doctor or independent doctor) more than three times in any 12-month period.
(2) Where section 13 applies the Commissioner may authorise one additional instance in any relevant 12-month period.
(3) The Secretary of State may, by regulations, modify the time periods specified in subsections (1) and (2) if, in the reasonable opinion of the Secretary of State, such modification is—
(a) necessary to ensure the availability of assisted dying, and
(b) does not compromise the independence of the two assessments.”
This new clause limits the number of times two doctors can both act in the assessment of any one person to three times a year.
It allows for the Commissioner to increase that limit in the case of death or incapacity of a doctor.
Finally, the Secretary of State is given the power to modify that limit.
Amendment 50 is consequential to this and ensures such regulations are made using the affirmative procedure.
New clause 9—Standard of proof—
“(1) Where a registered medical practitioner is required to be satisfied of a matter (other than under section 23(5)), the applicable standard of proof is a balance of probabilities but if they are not satisfied beyond reasonable doubt they must indicate in their report or statement that they are not so satisfied.
(2) Where an Assisted Dying Review Panel is required to be satisfied of a matter, the applicable standard of proof is beyond reasonable doubt.
(3) Where a registered medical practitioner is required to be satisfied of matters arising under section 23(5), the applicable standard of proof is beyond reasonable doubt.”
This new clause would require the co-ordinating and independent doctor to flag if they are unsure whether one of the eligibility requirements is met or not.
It also requires that a panel has to be sure that all the eligibility requirements are met.
Finally, it requires the doctor administering the lethal substance to be sure that the person has capacity, a clear settled and informed wish to end their life, and is acting voluntarily without coercion and pressure.
New clause 16—Wish to end one’s own life—
“(1) A person does not have a wish to seek assistance to end their own life in accordance with this Act under section 5(5) if they are substantially motivated by—
(a) not wanting to be a burden on others or on public services,
(b) a mental disorder (including depression),
(c) a disability (other than the terminal illness),
(d) financial considerations, including lack of adequate housing,
(e) lack of access, or delayed access, to treatment or other service which a public authority is required (or can reasonably be expected to) provide, or
(f) suicidal ideation.”