How does she propose we assess severe pain and discomfort as opposed to medium pain?
Is a fungating wound part of severe pain and discomfort?
The key point is that we need to improve palliative care.
We are spending so much time and effort focusing on this Bill rather than doing the thing that would actually help more people.
My amendment 80, in combination with amendments 30 and 31 tabled by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Runnymede and Weybridge (Dr Spencer) , would drive significant improvements to palliative and end-of-life care, getting us closer to consistent and universally available care  for all.
I support the hon.
Lady’s amendment.
As the Royal College of Psychiatrists pointed out, pain from unresolved physical symptoms and the fear of physical pain or death can make a person want to die, and depression, which is also associated with a wish to die, is often missed.
Does she agree that it is vital that people are supported to be free from pain by having access to good palliative and end-of-life care, and that the Bill’s provisions should be available only to those whom that cannot help?
I completely concur.
I commend the hon.
Lady for tabling her amendments.
Amendments that would have protected palliative care and hospices from facilitating assisted suicide services on their premises for ethical or practical reasons have been rejected, so the Bill leaves hospices with little choice but to comply.
It also puts them in a difficult position when it comes to funding.
Hospices will also have to provide a staff member to do this work.
The problems that will create for palliative care and hospices cannot be ignored.
The Bill goes against that right in its totality.
I agree, and I will come to that point in more detail in the second half of my speech.
With regard to these amendments, we are so blessed to have our precious NHS.
At vital stages, the NHS quite rightly delivers care in obstetrics, gynaecology, neonatology and paediatrics, but at the end of life about 70% of care is delivered outside the NHS, largely by charities, and that figure is even higher for children’s palliative and hospice care—so the state pays for how we enter this life, but not for how we depart it.
There is something deeply wrong about that for our society.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that surely we must address that, and  the delivery of universal palliative and hospice care, before we go anywhere near the measures in this assisted dying Bill?
My hon.
Friend makes a good point, and I agree.
In the interests of time, I will make some progress.
The current situation, whereby fully funded palliative and end-of-life care is not available in certain postcodes, means that those unfortunate patients do not have a real choice.
We know that 25% of people who die in this country do not get the palliative care they need—that is more than 100,000 people a year—and if the Bill goes through, they will be offered a fully funded assisted death as the only reliable way to end their pain.
That is no choice.
I urge Members who want to see improvements in palliative and end-of-life care to vote for my amendment 80, and for amendments 30 and 31, tabled by my hon.
Friend the Member for Runnymede and Weybridge, if they are pushed to a vote.
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
I will not because I do not have much time.
I will move on to the lack of a best interests test in the Bill, which my new clause 16 seeks to remedy.
Patient autonomy is of course important, but it must be balanced against what is in someone’s best interests.
In certain situations, when it is in their best interests, treatment can be given against a patient’s will—for example, force-feeding a young girl with anorexia.