Amendment 79, page 43, line 7, at end insert—
“(2) As soon as reasonably practicable after making a decision, a panel must give the following a document containing its reasons for the decision—
(a) the person to whom the referral in question relates;
(b) the coordinating doctor in relation to the person;
(c) the Commissioner.”
This amendment requires a panel to give the persons mentioned a document containing its reasons for any decision made by the panel.
It is a privilege to open the debate on this next important stage of the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Bill.
It seems a long time ago that we held the Second Reading debate in November on what many of us felt was a very proud day for Parliament, when we saw an emotional and passionate but largely respectful debate on a hugely important subject that means so much to so many people.
I know that there are a range of views on the subject of choice at the end of life, and today is not about revisiting the fundamental principle of assisted dying.
Before I address the amendments in my name, as the sponsor of the Bill, I will make some brief introductory  comments on why we are here.
Put simply, if we do not vote to change the law, we are essentially saying that the status quo is acceptable.
Over recent months, I have heard hundreds of stories from people who have lost loved ones in deeply difficult and traumatic circumstances that show that that is clearly not the case.
Too many have seen their terminally-ill loved ones take their own lives out of desperation or make the traumatic, lonely and costly trip to Switzerland, and then face a police investigation while dealing with their grief and loss.
My hon.
Friend mentioned many real stories influencing this debate.
I will mention one more: my constituent Mick Murray, who is in the Public Gallery today.
Mick helped two close friends, Bob and Ann, to make the painful journey to Dignitas.
Both simply wanted to die at home with dignity and surrounded by loved ones; instead, they had to make that journey overseas at great cost and legal jeopardy.
Mick said:
“I helped them out of compassion — and I think that is what’s missing from our current law.”
Does my hon.
Friend agree—
Order.
We will set the example by following the rules of the House.
We will have short interventions, not speeches.
There are a load of other Members.
I thank my hon.
Friend for that intervention.
That was a very powerful point, if slightly long.
There are people who face these really traumatic and difficult decisions every day, including Louise Shackleton, who I believe is also with us today.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
I thought this was a debate to discuss amendments, not a general debate.
It is, but I think this is the opening lead-in to the amendments.
I will make that judgment call.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
If I may just finish that point—
rose—
Order.
May I just say to people that if we are going to have continuous interventions, and  if they continue to make the same intervention, they should not be shocked if they end up at the bottom of the list?
I want to help people, because all this does is soak up time.
Jim Shannon will be a good example.
Mr Speaker, I will always be at the end of the list, so it is important for me to make an intervention.
The hon.
Member for Spen Valley (Kim Leadbeater)  set the scene very well on Second Reading, but since then things have changed.