I am conscious that many colleagues wish to speak in this important debate, and I am keen to hear their contributions, so I will conclude my remarks there.
I thank colleagues for listening, and I hope they are able to support the amendments in my name today in the interests of strengthening the workability of the Bill and providing greater flexibility and safeguards for patients and professionals.
It is a privilege to speak in this place on such an important Bill.
Having been part of the Committee that scrutinised it line by line, and, on some occasions, word by word, for several months earlier this year, it is a pleasure to see so many of my colleagues from Committee Room 10 present today—a reunion of sorts.
I am here, as always, with the intention of improving the Bill, so that if it does indeed pass, vulnerable people are as protected as they can possibly be from unintended consequences.
It is important to remember that on Report and Third Reading we are not voting on whether we agree with the principle of assisting someone to end their own life.
Our role is to vote on the law in front of us—on whether the words on the page are clear and do what is intended, on whether the statutory process is safe, and ultimately on whether the provision of assisted dying benefits our community.
I am not against assisted dying in principle, but I am against this Bill.
I am happy to put it on the record now that I have no personal religious beliefs; I am against the Bill for the simple reason that it will harm far more people than it will help.
The people who will be harmed are the most vulnerable in our communities, and I am not willing to accept that collateral damage.
Today is important, because we have the opportunity to improve the safeguards in the Bill so that some of those groups are better protected.
I urge Members to take that opportunity to the full.
It requires very little skill to draft law that works for 90% of cases, but there is much skill in ensuring that the other 10% is catered for as well.
I urge everyone to set the highest standards today and think about how we can ensure that those unordinary and unexpected cases are adequately protected, too.
It really is life and death, so please do not accept anything that is not good enough.
Does the hon.
Member agree that one of the greatest risks in this Bill is around coercion?
It is not just about coercion   from family members or friends, but about societal coercion and circumstances.
The current state of palliative care in our country is among the worst in the developed world.
Without adequate palliative care, patients might feel pressure to go down the assisted dying route instead.
I wholeheartedly agree.
There is much to discuss today and there is little time, so I will start at the beginning of the Bill, at the point at which the criteria for eligibility for an assisted death are set.
It is there that important safeguards are needed to ensure that those who should never be eligible are excluded.
We should not make the mistake of assuming that a doctor will always make the right decision or that they are infallible.
It is incumbent on us to put in place law that makes it harder for them to get it wrong—that makes it harder for someone vulnerable to fall between the cracks.
The hon.
Lady has just agreed with a point made by  the hon.
Member for Dewsbury and Batley (Iqbal Mohamed) .
Exactly the same point was made when this House voted against the Assisted Dying (No.
2) Bill back in 2015.