As the Member in  charge of the Bill, you will, I am sure, really want to get into the depth of the amendments and not continue in that way.
I do indeed, Mr Speaker; you are absolutely right.
The amendments that we are discussing today build on some of the work of the Committee, and I think that is important.
We took a lot of steps to strengthen the Bill in Committee, and I was pleased to work collaboratively with colleagues in that way.
As I come on to the amendments, which have been tabled in my name, let me say that the Government are, of course, neutral on the issue of assisted dying, but have always been clear that workability is essential if the Bill is to pass.
I have worked closely with an outstanding team of civil servants from the Department of Health and Social Care and the Ministry of Justice, and it is with their technical advice on making the Bill workable and giving coherence to the statute book that I propose these amendments today.
Will the hon.
Lady confirm that those civil servants are 100% comfortable with the impact of the Bill and that people with disability, mental health issues, neurodiversity and other medical conditions will not be coerced or under pressure because of this Bill?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for that intervention.
The civil servants are clearly neutral on the issue.
They certainly have not expressed any opinions on the content of the Bill.
They have merely provided the technical advice and expertise, and they have done so brilliantly in that regard.
New clause 10, amendment 52 and new schedule 1 are tabled in my name.
As well as correcting the injustices in the legal situation, one key tenet of this Bill is choice for dying people, but it is also important that there is choice for doctors and other healthcare professionals and, indeed, anyone else.
The Bill was always clear that:
“No registered medical practitioner or other health professional is under any duty…to participate in the provision of assistance in accordance with this Act”,
but new clause 10 expands that protection.
It broadens the people to whom it applies and the functions to which it relates.
New schedule 1 makes provision for enforcement of this right
“not to be subjected to any detriment”
in connection with the Bill.
Does my hon.
Friend accept that there may be a weakness in new schedule 1, in as far as it protects a person from actions taken by their employer?
For example, it would not necessarily protect an agency worker who is contracted to perform a service, but the original medical body decides not to re-engage that person’s services.
I refer my hon.
Friend to my previous comments that the Bill and these clauses and schedules have been drafted with the highest level of legal expertise.
It is not something I anticipate being a problem.
The Bill does allow applicants to shop around for doctors, and it strikes me that there is a danger that some  doctors, who might have an ideological view of the Bill, will specialise in the provision of that service, which would give it rather greater scope than the hon.
Lady intends.
I reject the assertion that patients will shop around.
Bearing in mind that we are talking about dying people, they are not in a position to start shopping around for services, but I also agree that the Bill is strict in that regard.
There are very strict protocols that doctors will have to follow.
Will the hon.
Lady give way?
I will just make some progress, if I may.
It is about not just patient choice but choice for professional people, too.
We know there are a range of views on assisted dying across a range of professions.