I beg to move, That the House sit in private.
Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No.
163 ) and negatived.
Consideration of Bill, as amended in the Public Bill Committee
Before we begin, I would like to say a few words about today’s proceedings.
New clauses and amendments are grouped in two groups for debate to enable two clear and coherent debates on aspects of the Bill.
I will shortly call the Member in charge to move her new clause 10.
Debate on the first group will take place on the question that new clause 10 be read a Second time.
If that question is agreed to, I am minded to select amendment (a) to new clause 10 in the name of Rebecca Paul for separate decision.
We have more than 90 Members who have indicated that they wish to speak in the first debate, but not all hon.
Members will be called.
It is not customary to impose a speech time limit on a private Member’s Bill, but I hope that Members in charge of the Bill, and the speakers after them, will restrict themselves in the early part of the debate to no more than 15 minutes in the first instance, including taking interventions.
The time limit will have to drop accordingly thereafter, and the Chair will review that guidance as the debate progresses.
We need to ask for shorter speeches to enable more Members to contribute.
I should make it clear that the Chair retains the right to impose a formal speech time limit, but I would rather colleagues help each other.
This is a very important debate that divides in different ways.
Today is an opportunity primarily for Back Benchers.
I do not expect to call Front Benchers to speak until at least 1.30 pm.
“(1) No person is under any duty to participate in the provision of assistance in accordance with this Act.
(2) No registered medical practitioner is under any duty to become—
(a) the coordinating doctor in relation to any person, or
(b) the independent doctor in relation to any person.
(3) No registered medical practitioner, other than the coordinating doctor or the independent doctor, is under any duty to perform any function under or in connection with this Act other than—
(a) a function relating to the giving of notifications, or
(b) a function relating to the recording of matters in a person’s medical records.
(4) No health professional or social care professional is under any duty to respond when consulted under section 11(3)(b) (requirement for assessing doctor to consult professional with relevant qualifications or experience).
(5) No registered pharmacist or registered pharmacy technician is under any duty to participate in the supply of an approved substance to a registered medical practitioner for use in accordance with section 23.
(6) No person is under any duty to—
(a) act as a witness under this Act, or
(b) act as a proxy under this Act.
(7) Nothing in this section affects—
(a) any duty relating to the giving of notifications under this Act or the recording of matters in a person’s medical records,
(b) any duty relating to a requirement to keep records or to provide information, or
(c) any duty of a professional to respond to enquiries made under section 11(2)(b) (enquiries by assessing doctor) relating to health or social care the professional is providing, or has recently provided, to a person seeking assistance under this Act.
(8) Schedule (Protection from detriment) amends the Employment Rights Act 1996 to make provision to protect employees and other workers from being subjected to any detriment for—
(a) exercising (or proposing to exercise) a right under this section not to participate in an activity or perform a function, or
(b) participating in the provision of assistance in accordance with this Act or performing any other function under this Act.