Mr Speaker, I will always be at the end of the list, so it is important for me to make an intervention.
The hon.
Member for Spen Valley (Kim Leadbeater)  set the scene very well on Second Reading, but since then things have changed.
For instance, the Royal College of Psychiatrists has voiced strong concerns in opposition to the Bill about judicial oversight, robust protections against coercion and so on, as well as the effect it will have on vulnerable groups such as those with dementia, Down syndrome or mental illnesses.
Does the hon.
Lady not respect the viewpoints of my constituents who   tell me that they are opposed to the Bill in principle  and all the things that are coming forward?
The new clause does not address the issues that the hon.
Lady is referring to.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for that intervention and he is absolutely right that there are a range of views on this issue, and I am deeply respectful of that.
I take all those points into consideration as we embark on this debate again today.
Perhaps most importantly, Mr Speaker, I have spoken to terminally ill people themselves over recent months.
It is impossible to know what it must feel like to receive a terminal diagnosis and I have nothing but admiration for people who have bravely spoken about their personal situations, some publicly—including, of course, Dame Esther Rantzen—and others who have done so privately, many by emailing their MP.
I know mine is not the only inbox full of such emails.
Will my hon.
Friend distance herself from the correspondence from Dame Esther Rantzen, who accused those of us who have concerns about the Bill of having undeclared religious beliefs?
Many colleagues found that distasteful and disrespectful.
I thank my hon.
Friend for that intervention.
I have not seen those comments, but it is absolutely right that whatever our views are on this issue, we must remain respectful.
I also want to thank colleagues here in Parliament—MPs and indeed staff—who have shared their personal stories of loss with me over recent months.
This is a really important point: these are real people with real stories, and they must always be at the heart of the debate.
Public support for assisted dying in this country has been consistently high for a long time now, and we have seen movement in jurisdictions around the world, including just this week in Scotland.
I congratulate colleagues in Holyrood, particularly Liam McArthur MSP, for holding such a compassionate and respectful debate, which I hope we can emulate today.
It is right that we consider this change with great care, as we are doing today.
But we should also remember, as with other big social changes such as giving women bodily autonomy on their reproductive rights or allowing gay—
Order.
We did say, when we had the conversation, that there should just be an introduction to the debate very early on.
I think this is why Members are beginning to get frustrated; we should now be speaking to the amendments.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I will move on to the amendments.
If I may, I want to acknowledge the work of the Bill Committee in relation to the amendments, because a huge amount of work was done by Members from all parties, with a range of views—
Order.
I am really bothered, because today is a day for amendments, and we really need to understand the views they cover.
As the Member in  charge of the Bill, you will, I am sure, really want to get into the depth of the amendments and not continue in that way.
I do indeed, Mr Speaker; you are absolutely right.
The amendments that we are discussing today build on some of the work of the Committee, and I think that is important.