We are keen to take no more power than is necessary.
The amendments have not been considered lightly, and I am in no doubt that they improve the deliverability and ability to enforce this Bill.
Several MPs have mentioned our work to reset relations with the EU.
As announced at the UK-EU leaders’ summit on  19 May 2025 , the UK and EU have agreed to work towards having a common sanitary and phytosanitary area, which would make taking pets to the EU on holiday easier and cheaper.
It is important that we get the right agreement for the UK, so we are not putting any arbitrary deadlines on negotiations.
We will provide more information on pet passports in due course; in the meantime, owners will still need an animal health certificate for their dog, cat or ferret if they are travelling from Great Britain to an EU country.
While I am unable to comment on live negotiations, I reassure hon.
Members that this Government will continue to support this Bill while negotiating an SPS agreement with the EU.
As set out in the Government’s manifesto, we are committed to ending puppy smuggling and delivering a better future for animals.
I am pleased to say that this Bill does just that.
Its key measures deliver crucial recommendations by the Select Committee on Environment, Food and Rural Affairs and tackle multiple concerns that have been raised by stakeholders regarding loopholes in our pet travel rules.
I commend the hon.
Member for Winchester on taking this important Bill through the House, and I very much look forward to seeing it on the statute book.
I thank all Members who have been involved with this Bill at all its stages, including in Committee, and for forwarding me a lot of correspondence from their constituents about it.
I also thank the Government and the Minister for their support for this Bill, and the civil servants and the Clerks of the House for the support they gave my office in getting this done.
About 10 years ago, I was on the British Veterinary Association’s policy committee, and we were pushing to tackle puppy smuggling.
We were working with other organisations, such as the RSPCA, the Dogs Trust, Cats Protection, FOUR PAWS and Battersea Dogs and Cats Home.
Today is a great day for all those organisations, which have wanted this to happen for so long.
I thank Lord Trees, who is kindly sponsoring this Bill through the upper House.
He was my dean at Liverpool vet school, and in my third year, he failed my parasitology viva, which meant I had to spend a summer revising and coming back for resits instead of having fun.
Given that this Bill will help prevent parasitological diseases from coming into the UK, I hope he might consider giving me a retrospective distinction.
I know that the Bill will be in good hands in the upper House.
I also thank my team.
A private Member’s Bill is a lot of work, especially for a new team.
I noticed a couple of last-minute changes to my speech—I think I can guess who made some of them.
I thank my team, including my chief of staff, Tom Wood, and his cat Luma, who is clearly the most intelligent cat in the world.
I also thank Emily Kitchen and her cat Tango—the most clumsy cat in the world—and Sophie Hammond, my parliamentary assistant, who is on maternity leave.
Does the hon.
Member agree that it is most appropriate that Madam Deputy Speaker, who is Member of Parliament for Bradford, is in the Chair for this Bill’s Third Reading?
David Hockney, one of Bradford’s most famous sons, is a wonderful painter of dogs.
I am the proud owner of two lovely dogs.
I look forward to seeing those paintings.