I admit that, during the campaign and for many months beforehand, I too had a hobby of taking pictures of dogs and posting them on Twitter.
I have got out of the habit, so I thank the hon.
Member for Winchester for reminding me that it is quite a pleasant thing to do.
It is probably better for my constituents, too; they probably find it much more interesting than my political comments and other interesting observations I may have.
They may, in fact, come to the view that I am more perceptive and expert on dogs than on politics, although I hope they will not find that out for another five years or so.
As a vet, the hon.
Member for Winchester speaks from a position of real expertise.
He outlined why the Bill is important, and he is to be commended for bringing it to the House.
I rise to support this vital Bill, and I commend  the hon.
Member for Winchester (Dr Chambers)  for bringing it to the House.
As all Members will know, animal welfare is a major concern for our constituents, and nowhere is that more true than Bolton West.
The Bill has been long awaited, and I am delighted that this Parliament will finally deliver where previous Parliaments were unable to deliver.
We are a nation of animal lovers, and it should be a point of pride that, to reflect that, we strive to have the toughest animal welfare protections anywhere in the world.
My mailbox and postbag reflect the animal welfare concerns that I have and that we have heard during the debate.
Dean, a constituent of mine in Daisy Hill, emailed to say:
“According to respondents to the Cats Protection Cats and Their Stats (CATS) 2024 survey, 4% of the cats that were obtained in the 12 months preceding the survey were from abroad.
The importation of cats and dogs with mutilations (such as declawing and ear cropping), lack of vaccinations and health checks, and dangerous transport conditions present a significant risk to animal welfare.”
We know that the UK’s biosecurity is compromised by pet smuggling, given that animals may carry transmittable diseases such as rabies and tapeworm, which put both humans and animals at risk.
The rising price of cats, in particular pedigrees, means that illegally importing cats is becoming increasingly lucrative for criminals.
Cats Protection statistics show that 45% of the cats obtained in the past 12 months were pedigree; for the first time, more pedigree cats than moggies were acquired in a 12-month period.
The Bill is a vital opportunity to put in place the measures to tackle pet smuggling that could not complete their passage in the last Parliament.
Will my hon.
Friend join me in thanking the volunteers across Cats Protection and at Edinburgh Dog and Cat Home for the work that they do every day to keep rescued animals safe?
Does he agree that those charities need our help and support, and that the Bill will help to amplify the work that they do?
I will also put it on the record that I had two rescue animals—a cat and a dog—who both lived to 19 years of age.
Sadly, they are no longer with us, but for the sake of Hansard I want to mention their names: Cannie and Roohi.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to talk about the critical work of animal welfare charities across the country.
They can make such a difference.
Diane in Ladybridge emailed to say:
“This Bill is a major step forward in improving the lives of animals.”
She is delighted that it will make it
“much harder to exploit pet travel rules to illegally traffic puppies and kittens bred in horrific conditions overseas into the UK.”
She also noted:
“Dogs and cats involved in bad breeding—whether they’re used for breeding, or bred poorly themselves—don’t have a fair chance in life.