I agree with  the hon.
Member for Edinburgh West (Christine Jardine)  that that is such a valuable part of owning a dog.
In closing, I want to thank a number of organisations that have helped me and others to really understand this issue—Four Paws, Battersea and the Countryside Alliance have provided great briefings and have helped me and others to understand it.
Today is a victory for common  sense and animal welfare.
One way or another, we will make sure that we improve animal welfare rights in this place.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Winchester (Dr Chambers)  on introducing this important Bill.
It is an absolute honour and a privilege to speak on this subject.
I have spoken on animal welfare in two Westminster Hall debates in the past month, and it is an important topic to speak about on the anniversary of my election, so I am grateful for the opportunity.
I am also an animal lover.
I know that all right hon.
and hon.
Members present are extremely well informed, so the facts and information I will share is not for their benefit.
I want to use this opportunity to provide some education for communities across our country and to share the message further afield, beyond this place.
As Mahatma Gandhi said:
“The greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way its animals are treated.”
We often say we are a nation of animal lovers, and today is a test: if we legislate, we must legislate like one.
Cruel practices like smuggling pregnant animals or separating young animals from their mothers at an early age violates all levels of mercy.
These acts cause unnecessary suffering and must be stopped.
Having researched and had information provided by my team, I found the scale of the issue staggering.
Between 2015 and 2019, dog imports under the pet travel scheme rose by 86%.
Many of those were illegal or misclassified commercial imports.
A single journey from Romania to the UK is over 1,500 miles.
Puppies as young as 13 weeks are transported in cramped, filthy vans, We have heard about cropped ears, a cruel thing to do to any animal.
More than 21,000 dogs with cropped ears are now estimated to be in the UK population—a result of the legal grey area that we hope the Bill will address.
I pay tribute and express my gratitude, I am sure on behalf of the House, to the many charities and organisations that look after animal welfare and ensure issues are brought to the attention of this place, and that are on the ground helping: Battersea, Dogs Trust, Countryside Alliance and many more that are local, regional, national and international.
It is important to share some of the key issues around biosecurity and health risks.
Many smuggled puppies and kittens arrive in the UK without the core vaccinations required to prevent rabies, distemper, parvovirus and other life threatening illnesses.
These animals are often too young to have received their vaccinations or to have developed any immunity.
That is dangerous for them and also poses a serious public health risk to our communities and domestic pet population.
The current system allows these animals to enter the country with minimal scrutiny, creating a perfect entry point for zoonotic diseases—those that can jump from animals to humans.
I will share two or three case studies from Battersea.
Milo, a six-month-old dog rescued by Battersea, had been brutally mutilated.
His ears were hacked and crudely stitched shut with cotton thread, which had been left to fester.
That was not just illegal; it was deliberate torture  masquerading as aesthetic enhancement.
We need to tackle the glorification of mutilated animals on social media or any other platforms that do not make it clear to the people viewing that it is not the natural state of the animal—it has been mutilated.