David Hockney, one of Bradford’s most famous sons, is a wonderful painter of dogs.
I am the proud owner of two lovely dogs.
I look forward to seeing those paintings.
I thank Sophie Hammond for all the work she did on this Bill in its early stages, and Hayley Puddefoot, who has taken over from her.
I am so happy today, because no longer will dogs and cats be taken away from their parents at a hugely young age and put in the back of a van, perhaps having been sedated or mutilated, and perhaps while sick, and where they may become overheated.
That will come to an end now, which is a great step forward for animal welfare.
Finally, I thank all the people of Winchester who elected me to serve as their MP a year ago today.
I am so pleased to be able to bring forward a piece of legislation that shows people that what happens in Parliament has a real impact out in the real world.
Question put and agreed to.
Bill accordingly read the Third time and passed.
Bill, not amended in the Public Bill Committee, considered.
Third Reading
I beg to move, That the Bill be now read the Third time.
It is a pleasure to reach this milestone in the Bill’s journey through the House of Commons.
As we know, livestock worrying has devastating consequences for both animals and farmers.
In Committee, I and other Committee members shared the experiences that had resonated with us of farmers having suffered attacks to their livestock.
The damage of a livestock attack can be horrific, causing brutal injuries that are tragically often fatal.
There are instances of stress causing pregnant livestock to miscarry, and separation of mothers and their young leading to hypothermia or starvation.
I have seen pictures from farmers in my constituency of the aftermath of attacks that have mutilated their calves beyond any hope of keeping them alive.
The consequences of an attack, no matter the scale, are profound, and attacks are sadly all too common.
The data from the recent National Sheep Association survey speaks for itself: 96% of respondents had experienced incidents in the last 12 months, and 98% agreed that there is an urgent need for additional police powers.
The responses highlight that livestock worrying remains a huge problem for the sector and show just how important it is to deliver the Bill.
As someone who grew up on a sheep farm, a vet who has treated injuries caused by dogs that are out of control, and someone who continues to work with farmers quite closely in the Meon valley, I cannot emphasise enough how necessary this legislation is.
The problem is devastating for animals, but also causes farmers to take a huge economic hit.
It is horrendously stressful for everyone involved, and it is not a niche problem—it happens all the time.
I thank the hon.
Member for introducing this legislation.
I thank the hon.
Member for his insights as a vet, and for emphasising what so many people across the House know: these changes are vital.
May I also say how grateful I am to the hon.
Members who took the time to serve on the Bill Committee?
I am truly grateful for their support and contributions, and for the conversations I have had with many of them about the Bill.
As we heard in Committee, the Bill will modernise the Dogs (Protection of Livestock) Act 1953, ensuring that it reflects the needs of modern-day farming.
The Bill strengthens police powers, so that they can do their job more effectively.
Specifically, it gives the police powers of entry, and allows them to seize and detain dogs and to collect evidence—changes that farmers in my constituency have specifically told me are necessary.
The Bill will also increase the penalty—and we hope, in turn, the deterrent against livestock worrying.