Now exists near permanently muzzled and dosed up on Prozac.
It’s maddening, frustrating and pitiful all at the same time.”
Cutting a dog’s ears off with no anaesthetic is obviously physically harmful, but it can also affect the dog’s psychology for the rest of their life, so they will not let anyone go near their head.
It is quite interesting; we know that dogs love to be stroked, particularly on their heads, and studies show that both a human’s and a dog’s cortisol levels go down when a human pets a dog.
The relationship is mutual and symbiotic.
Depriving an animal of that type of relationship for the rest of its life is really upsetting.
What is the point in owning a dog if you cannot even stroke it?
It is a real shame.
There is no reason to mutilate an animal in this way.
It is a cruel practice, only carried out for aesthetic reasons, and the Bill will help us to close that loophole for good.
The Bill was amended in Committee to allow the appropriate authority to exempt pet owners from the new requirements in articles 5 and 5A of the pet travel  regulation in exceptional and compelling circumstances.
This aims to ensure that the new measures will not disadvantage protected groups such as assistance dog users.
It will also provide flexibility in emergency situations, such as cases where genuine owners can no longer travel within five days of their pets, for example because they have a medical emergency.
I know that has caused some concern, and I reassure hon.
Members that it is intended for use in limited circumstances, which must be exceptional or compelling.
Exemptions sought will need to be considered on a case-by-case basis, and the Government have provided reassurances that no blanket exemptions will be granted.
Finally, in Committee the Bill was amended to remove the power that would have enabled the Secretary of State to make consequential changes that might have been required as a result of changes that the Bill makes to the pet travel rules and corresponding commercial import rules.
Further consideration of the legislation has taken place since the Bill was introduced, and we have greater confidence that no further consequential amendments will be required.
Should further changes to the pet travel schemes legal framework be needed, the Government may be able to make them using existing powers in other legislation.
The Bill will play a pivotal role in disrupting the cruel pet smuggling trade, a shared objective of Members from across the House.
It has been a joy to see the House united on animal welfare, and to see the commitment to working together across parties to end puppy smuggling.
I urge all Members to support these crucial measures.
I thank  the hon.
Member for Winchester (Dr Chambers)  for bringing forward the Bill, and for all his work to get it to this stage.
We should also thank the former hon.
Member for North Devon, who I understand brought forward the Bill in the previous Parliament; it did not quite get through Parliament before the general election.
It is good to see proposed legislation moving from one Parliament to the next and having cross-party support.
The hon.
Gentleman represents Winchester.
Madam Deputy Speaker, you and I share a relationship, as I am a Romsonian and you represent my parents, but one of my first jobs was in Winchester, in the Esso garage by Peter Symonds college, so I know the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency very well.
That was the job that got me through university, and earned me money in the summer holidays.
One of my proudest achievements was being given the opportunity to step up and take on the night shift, which was double pay.
For a student, that was very exciting.
Unfortunately, I lost that job because I fell asleep on my shift and someone stole the carwash while I was asleep.
Yes.