Import controls have a significant role to play in my constituency.
Crawley constituency is home to Gatwick airport, and its animal reception centre gives people the important ability to relocate with their pets and also to bring more exotic animals into the United Kingdom.
Local authorities also have a significant role to play in these processes.
During my time as a councillor, I saw a number of requests for permits for exotic animals, resulting in somewhat confusing conversations about why someone really needed a full-sized crocodile in the middle of a housing estate.
That licence was not approved.
The hon.
Member for Winchester is to be commended for bringing forward this Bill, and the House is privileged to benefit from his extensive professional experience in understanding the important role that the Bill will play in preventing animal abuse and, hopefully, enhancing wider animal welfare.
We are a nation of animal lovers, and we should feel proud that the legislative framework in this country is already world-leading.
Despite all the measures we have in place, I think Members would agree, given the range of correspondence we get from our constituents, that there are probably more separate campaigns on animal welfare than on any other policy area—that has certainly been my experience.
It is important that we do not rest on our laurels.
We must accept that the job is not done and that, as technology moves things forward, additional measures will need to be put in place to improve animal wellbeing.
The issue of social media and animal abuse online has been raised in the debate, and the hon.
Member for Winchester outlined the role that influencers have to play.
In addition, there are far too many groups online that are dedicated to animal abuse.
Constituents of mine have attempted to shut down such groups, but rather than being supported by social media companies in trying to address the problems, they have instead found themselves reported by the perpetrators of the abuse and have faced having their own accounts shut down and being left without the support they need to bring the networks of abuse to an end.
The worst examples of that type of animal abuse that I am aware of were brought up with me in a constituency surgery, and they relate to the torture of baby monkeys, which are chosen because when they are put in a baby grow, people can convince themselves that they are a baby.
Although that is clearly illegal already, the current requirements on social media companies to act are insufficient.
I will not burden the House by informing hon.
Members of the things that I now know about what happens to those monkeys; all I can say is that  after my constituents left, I spent some minutes dealing with the tears about what had happened to those monkeys.
We must do better around this, and I very much hope that moving forward we are able to do so.
I enthusiastically support the Bill, but we cannot rest on our laurels.
Meta must be made to answer for not acting to bring an end to animal abuse on its networks and for its active profiting from the advertising that appears on those networks.
Advertisers must be made aware that part of what they are paying for when they advertise on Facebook is the maintenance of animal abuse networks.
I hope advertisers think more carefully about that in the future.
I am proud to speak in this debate as the Member of Parliament for Portsmouth North—a seat I did not hold this time last year, but proudly hold today, although technically not for a year until 4.30 tomorrow morning.
I want to speak today in strong support of the Bill.
It is a vital step forward in our duty to protect animals from cruelty and exploitation.
I thank  the hon.