I want to speak today in strong support of the Bill.
It is a vital step forward in our duty to protect animals from cruelty and exploitation.
I thank  the hon.
Member for Winchester (Dr Chambers)  for introducing the Bill and for his service as a vet.
I know the city of Winchester well, as I did my teaching degree at King Alfred’s College.
Like my hon.
Friend  the Member for Northampton South (Mike Reader) , Winchester will always have a special place in my heart, particularly Jesters, a pub I worked in for many years, although it does not exist any more.
Portsmouth is a city that cares.
Many of my constituents have shared their heartbreak at hearing of how young animals are brought into the UK sometimes under age, unwell and traumatised, just to be sold for profit.
The Bill addresses that.
It bans the importation of puppies and kittens under the age of six months.
It stops the transportation of heavily pregnant animals and prohibits the import of animals that have undergone unnecessary mutilations such as ear cropping or declawing; those practices are outlawed in the UK but are still far too common abroad.
Like my hon.
Friend  the Member for Crawley (Peter Lamb) , I believe that social media platforms and influencers should do more to stop that.
These reforms are not only overdue; they are essential.
In Portsmouth, we are fortunate to have a number of deeply committed local charities that deal with the consequences of these inhumane practices.
I would like to pay tribute to some of those charities.
Those at Cats Protection’s Portsmouth branch work tirelessly to rescue, rehabilitate and rehome abandoned or abused cats across the city.
Its volunteers provide vital neutering and microchipping services, which help to reduce the stray population and improve feline welfare.
They frequently take in cats that have come from unsuitable backgrounds, some of which are linked to international trafficking or illegal sales.
I also want to recognise Portsmouth Cats Lost, Found and Rehomed, which is led by the inspirational Penny Parker.
Since 2013, the group has reunited countless lost cats with their families, offered shelter to strays and provided veterinary care to those in desperate need.
Its small but mighty rescue cabin, Penny’s place, is a beacon of hope for animals who might otherwise just have been left to suffer.
I also applaud Portsmouth Tortoise Rescue in Cosham.
Although it does not support cats, dogs or ferrets, it has recently received national recognition for its outstanding work in exotic animal welfare, and Bernice Buckingham and her team of trustees and volunteers do an excellent job.
Their educational programme and specialist care have made Portsmouth Tortoise Rescue a trusted name not only in Portsmouth but across the south.
Finally, Phoenix Rehoming has won awards, including animal rescue of the year 2024 and most dedicated pet rehoming service 2024, and I wish the team luck with their nomination for animal charity team of the year 2025.
Phoenix Rehoming has a strong footprint in Portsmouth.
It works with foster families and communities to rescue and rehome dogs, many of whom have been illegally imported or abandoned after being smuggled as part of this illicit trade.
These organisations are doing heroic work, but they should not have to shoulder the burden of weak regulation and criminal cruelty.
By tightening important laws, this Bill reduces the risk of trafficked animals entering the UK and ensures a greater oversight, through veterinary checks, microchipping and enforcement powers.
It also protects families in Portsmouth, who often fork out quite a lot of money for these pets and then find they have been sold sick animals, with fake papers, and are left not only heartbroken but facing thousands of pounds in vet bills.
The legislation is not just about animal welfare, but community resilience.