As a complete townie, it has taken me a bit of time to spot the self-evidence of it.
My hon.
Friend consistently refers to himself as a complete townie—a description that I would apply to myself, too.
Of course, the fact that we reside in urban areas does not in any way mean that we are unconcerned by the fortunes of our fellow parliamentarians who represent agricultural areas, or indeed their communities, who play a vital role in sustaining us.
The importance of food is something I often speak about, for as much as we focus on whatever the leading industry is of the day, society fundamentally comes down to the question of whether we can feed and house ourselves.
Covid in particular drove forward the point that the agricultural system in this country is vital.
My hon.
Friend’s intervention typifies his many thoughtful contributions; he makes an important point.
I think all of us who live in cities—townies, like me—have a great yearning for the countryside.
In my constituency, we have Tollcross Park, which is a wonderful park; I recommend that everyone visit it.
There is a city farm in the park, which houses llamas and alpacas, to which the provisions of the Bill extend; they are protected by it.
I would not want to sully this debate with a political point, but I simply point out that the SNP council regularly threatens to close that farm.
Tollcross also has some wonderful rose gardens, which the council does not look after particularly well, which is a real disappointment to my constituents.
They are right to be disappointed.
Turning back to the Bill, the investigation of crimes in the countryside is difficult, as there are not lots of people about, there is no CCTV and there are very few witnesses, if any.
Clause 3 allows for the collection of forensic evidence, which will be very important in linking the dog to the animal that has been attacked and the owner, and in facilitating the prosecution of these serious crimes and bringing about justice.
It is fair to say that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Crawley (Peter Lamb)  raised a very important issue.
The improved powers of entry and search in order to look for samples and take impressions from a dog—teeth impressions and so on, I assume—are very important too; again, they make investigation of these crimes easier.
It is important that we investigate and prosecute the crimes; if we do not, the law will just sit on the statute book unenforced, ignored and otiose.
If we do not have the enforcement mechanisms, we are wasting our time in the House, so the hon.
Member for Chester South and Eddisbury is right to include them in the Bill.
We do not want to waste our time; everyone in this House agrees that cracking down on these terrible crimes is very important.
I am particularly pleased that the Bill deals with roads and paths.
Having helped my father-in-law on many occasions, utterly incompetently, with things like moving animals around—somewhat like my career in the petrochemical industry, when I put diesel in the unleaded car, it was not something I was cut out for—  I know that animals can be attacked and worried on roads and paths.
It is also right that attacking livestock is dealt with differently from worrying livestock.