The Bill strengthens police powers, so that they can do their job more effectively.
Specifically, it gives the police powers of entry, and allows them to seize and detain dogs and to collect evidence—changes that farmers in my constituency have specifically told me are necessary.
The Bill will also increase the penalty—and we hope, in turn, the deterrent against livestock worrying.
The fine is currently capped at a maximum of £1,000; that will go up to an unlimited amount, to reflect the severity of  livestock worrying from an animal welfare standpoint, as well as the economic toll an attack can have on farming.
Farming has diversified, and therefore the scope of livestock requiring protection has increased.
I am delighted that camelids such as alpacas and llamas will now be protected under the Bill.
Anyone who has driven down country roads, such as those in my constituency of Chester South and Eddisbury, will know that farmers move livestock.
In recognition of that, the Bill includes roads and paths as locations where an offence may take place; that will give farmers greater reassurance when moving livestock.
As I said in Committee, the legislation puts animal welfare and farmers right at its heart.
Today marks exactly one year since the general election.
I am deeply proud and grateful that in my first year as the Member for Chester South and Eddisbury, I have been able to introduce a Bill in my name that will make a genuine difference both for animal welfare and farmers.
This is precisely why I stood for election, and it is testament to the strength of this Parliament that an Opposition Back Bencher can help deliver meaningful change in the law that will have a real and lasting impact.
We should all be able to enjoy the countryside, and there is no finer countryside than in Chester South and Eddisbury.
However, that enjoyment comes with a responsibility to preserve and protect it, and to support those who care for it every day: our farming community.
The Bill gives us the opportunity to act to protect our countryside, support our farmers and strengthen animal welfare.
I hope that Members from all sides of the House will join me in backing it, just as they did in Committee.
It is a pleasure to speak on another animal welfare Bill today.
As  the hon.
Member for Chester South and Eddisbury (Aphra Brandreth)  said, it is fantastic to see this legislation brought in by a party that is not in government, with cross-party support.
I declare that I am a member of the National Farmers Union food and farming fellowship.
I have been fortunate to visit a number of farms across the UK to hear at first hand from farmers from a range of specialities.
I can say that the Bill will be fully supported across that community, particularly in Northamptonshire.
The NFU does great work to represent our fantastic farmers, a number of whom I met yesterday at a food event in Northampton as we launched the Northamptonshire good food plan.
They spoke of the challenges, particularly of working across borders with the police, because their farms often do not fit within normal police boundaries, and said they want more Government support for the rural economy.
The Bill goes some way to helping to achieve that.
I am really pleased to see the expansion of the definitions in the Bill, and I commend the hon.
Member for Chester South and Eddisbury and the Bill Committee for ensuring that we get that right.
In particular, the inclusion of alpacas and llamas is really positive, as we are seeing more and more of them reared in Northamptonshire.
It will be positive to continue to review that as farmers diversify into new ways of maintaining food supplies and the environment and ensuring the long-term  sustainability of farming.
Bills such as this should continue to be adapted and evolved through successive Governments.