My hon.
Friend  the Member for Glasgow East (John Grady)  mentioned stray dogs and the difficulty they have in gaining trust, which is so true, as well as the damage that cruelty to animals can do throughout a pet’s life.
He also mentioned the importance of social media and how we can ensure that all of us in this House are sending the right message that we think the practice of mutilating animals is unacceptable.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bolton West (Phil Brickell)  for his support and for raising the importance of ending smuggling.
Smuggling is the wrong thing to do for the welfare of animals and for our biosecurity, and that is a really important point.
He also raised how we need to bring down the demand for mutilated dogs, and I think we can do more across the whole House on that issue.
Of course, I agree with him that ferrets are a northern icon.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Crawley (Peter Lamb)  for his support.
He is right that Santa’s sleigh has a separate licensing system, so there is no difficulty in reindeers passing between any borders on the night of  24 December .
I recognise his support for the welfare of animals, and we must do better.
I will take away his important concerns about social media advertising.
I join my hon.
Friend  the Member for Portsmouth North (Amanda Martin)  in thanking—I hope I get all of them—Cats Protection Portsmouth, Portsmouth Lost,  Found and Rehomed, Penny’s Place, Phoenix Rehoming, and Bernice Buckingham at Portsmouth Tortoise Rescue for all the work they do. [
Interruption.]
I was so close.
I thank them for all the work they do across her constituency.
As noted by the hon.
Member for Winchester, it is nice to have the whole House united on a matter of animal welfare—what a nice way to end the week?
The nation is also united on animal welfare.
Few topics have as much engagement and support from constituents, as evidenced by the frequent correspondence I receive in Kingston upon Hull West and Haltemprice and that I am sure all of us across the House receive.
The public’s passion for pets is very much reflected in the statistics.
According to the PDSA, pet ownership has increased in recent years with over half of adults owning a pet.
As the proud owner of my cats Serena, Meglatron and Lily, I welcome the Bill and am thrilled that the measures covers cats because they deserve equal protection as dogs.
I pay tribute to my daughter Isabel who is here this morning and the magic way she has with animals.
She has a particular talent, when we have had young kittens, in helping them grow up to be soft and gentle animals.
In fact, our beloved Thomas used to go to bed with her like a small teddy to be cuddled at night-time.
I would go in and see them sitting watching television together—honestly, he was more like a dog than a cat.
That only goes to reinforce the point made that when animals are treated well when they are little, they grow up to be soft, gentle and loving animals.
It is only right that imported cats should have parity —I nearly said pawrity—of protection, as they do across our domestic animal welfare laws.
While we are talking about the wonderful things we have across our constituencies, I want to mention Jenny’s Cat House.
Jenny takes in loads of animals that are rescued and lost and found literally into her house—it has become a charity now.
She does incredible work as many do across the constituency.
As we are talking about constituency issues, a sad thing happened in Northampton a few weeks ago.
There was an arson attack in Dunelm, and that spread to Pets at Home in the St James retail park.