By tightening important laws, this Bill reduces the risk of trafficked animals entering the UK and ensures a greater oversight, through veterinary checks, microchipping and enforcement powers.
It also protects families in Portsmouth, who often fork out quite a lot of money for these pets and then find they have been sold sick animals, with fake papers, and are left not only heartbroken but facing thousands of pounds in vet bills.
The legislation is not just about animal welfare, but community resilience.
It gives our local charities a fighting chance, pet owners peace of mind and, most importantly, vulnerable animals the protections they deserve.
I represent a city that believes in fairness, compassion and responsibility, so I am proud to support the Bill on behalf of the people of Portsmouth North.
Let us put an end to cruelty at our borders and build a country that treats all living beings with dignity.
I call the shadow Minister.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Winchester (Dr Chambers)  on introducing this private Member’s Bill.
As he is a veterinary surgeon, I know that this topic is close to his heart, as it is close to the hearts of many hon.
Members.
The hon.
Member for Northampton South (Mike Reader)  spoke with passion and paid tribute to Selaine Saxby, the former Member for North Devon who brought this Bill forward in the last Parliament, and I thank him for that tribute.
The hon.
Member for Dewsbury and Batley (Iqbal Mohamed)  quoted Mahatma Gandhi to great effect.
The hon.
Member for Glasgow East (John Grady)  rightly pointed out that the Bill extends to Scotland, and that sections 1 to 4 apply to Northern Ireland.
The hon.
Member for Bolton West (Phil Brickell)  reminded us how important animal welfare is to all our constituents, and  the hon.
Member for Crawley (Peter Lamb)  reminded us that while our animal welfare laws in Britain are world leading, we can always do better.
Finally,  the hon.
Member for Portsmouth North (Amanda Martin)  paid tribute to those many charities in her constituency that dedicate themselves to improving animal welfare.
Britain is a nation of animal lovers, and the Conservatives are proud of our record in Government of improving animal welfare.
In the last Parliament, we banned the keeping of primates as pets, introduced pet abduction as a specific criminal offence, increased the penalties for animal cruelty, banned the export of livestock for slaughter or fattening, and recognised animal sentience in law, through the Animal Welfare (Sentience) Act 2022.
The establishment of the Animal Sentience Committee ensures that all legislation passed by this House considers the principle of animal sentience.
In 2020, we introduced Lucy’s law, which banned the third-party sale of puppies and kittens.
These regulations helped to protect animals from being kept in shockingly poor conditions, separated from their mothers at a young age and deprived of human or animal interaction for most of their lives.
The animal welfare Bill before us today is another example of doing the right thing to protect those pets that we all love.
Many charities have been tirelessly campaigning for this legislation for many years, including the British Veterinary Association, the Dogs Trust, the RSPCA, Four Paws, Cats Protection, Blue Cross, Battersea Dogs and Cats Home and the Conservative Animal Welfare Foundation.
The Bill aims to close existing loopholes that are used far too often by dishonest breeders and smugglers to disguise commercial imports of cats and dogs as non-commercial movements, in a bid to avoid compliance with existing welfare standards.
I welcome raising the minimum age at which cats and dogs can be imported to six months.
That will curtail the ability of unscrupulous puppy smugglers to bring those puppies into the UK.
The Bill also further restricts the import of heavily pregnant animals.
The Dogs Trust has seen a record 600% increase in the number of heavily pregnant bitches intercepted at the border since 2021.