The other child said, “You shouldn’t say that, because he might have been in an accident.”
It was possibly a genetic accident, but I want to make clear on the record that beneath his appearance, he is a gentle and loving companion, and he brings a smile to the face of everyone who sees him.
I know that many other Members, as well as people across the country, will feel as strongly about protecting animal welfare as I and other vets do.
Pets like Frank and Moose have such profound impacts on our everyday lives and happiness, and it is crucial that we do all we can to ensure dogs like them are protected from the cruel practices involved in pet smuggling.
All of the pets who have been mentioned in this Chamber, and others who have not been, are close to our hearts and serve to remind us of the importance of this Bill.
Although my pets and yours, Madam Deputy Speaker—Alfie and—
Alfie and Luna.
Alfie and Luna.
They are cockapoos —I am sure they keep you very fit.
Although our pets, and all the pets of the other hon.
Members who are in the Chamber today, are well cared for and have loving homes, that is not the case for all cats and dogs in the UK.
As a vet, I have seen the devastating consequences of puppy smuggling.
It is unimaginably cruel to separate puppies and kittens from their mothers at a very young age and then bring them across borders in substandard conditions, where they are sold for maximum profit by unscrupulous traders who prioritise profit over welfare.
I thank my hon.
Friend for introducing this Bill, which I know means a lot to the great number of my constituents who have contacted me.
They are particularly concerned about the conditions that puppies are smuggled in, but also that many animals coming into this country illegally bring conditions that we have eradicated here, or have cropped ears and tails.
They are very keen to see my hon.
Friend’s Bill pass, but can he assure us that more can be done in future to make sure, in particular, that we stamp out those illnesses?
I very much appreciate that intervention from my hon.
Friend.
Yes, one important part of this Bill—which I will come on to—is biosecurity.
There are a lot of diseases that we do not see in the UK that can affect humans as well, such as rabies and Brucella canis.
There are also diseases such as distemper that affect other dogs; we do not see those diseases in the UK, but there is a risk of them coming in and becoming endemic.
My partner Emma, who is here today, is an epidemiologist at the University of Surrey, studying diseases such as rabies in dogs and the risk of them transferring across borders.
It is a very live issue.
Those who purchase an animal are often completely unaware of the smuggling process, which is devastating.
When people go to buy a puppy, they are completely unaware that there is a reasonable chance that it has been smuggled in from abroad.
My hon.
Friend is laying out clearly the need for change.
A number of my constituents, including Ann from Bredbury, Shannon from Marple and Ashley from High Lane, have been in touch to ask me to support him in his endeavours.
People are staggered that some of these practices are not yet outlawed.
Does he agree that some of his proposals in the Bill are closing loopholes that people already expect to be closed?
That is an insightful intervention from my hon.
Friend.
Yes, most people are shocked at the sheer scale of puppy smuggling.
The Dogs Trust did a study looking at one of the online platforms with puppy adverts, and up to 50% of those adverts turned out to be for puppies that had possibly been smuggled in from abroad.