Friend.
Yes, most people are shocked at the sheer scale of puppy smuggling.
The Dogs Trust did a study looking at one of the online platforms with puppy adverts, and up to 50% of those adverts turned out to be for puppies that had possibly been smuggled in from abroad.
In the last 12 months, one in five vets said they had treated animals that they believed had been smuggled from abroad.
This is not a niche issue; it is a systemic issue within the pet trade, and these loopholes need to be closed.
I thank the hon.
Member for introducing this fantastic Bill, which does important things for animal welfare.
Sadly, my constituency  has a problem with dog-on-dog attacks, which are truly distressing to their owners.
The overwhelming majority of dog owners in my constituency are incredibly responsible and keep their dogs under control at all times, but a tiny minority are doing a great deal of damage.
Does the hon.
Member have any thoughts on what we could do about that?
Dog-on-dog attacks are a huge issue.
It largely comes down to socialisation when they are puppies.
It was made a lot worse during the covid pandemic when people could not attend normal puppy training classes, and puppies could not walk and meet other dogs or have normal training regimes.
I will also come on to the problem of dogs having illegally cropped ears—when their ears are cut off—because dogs communicate by body language, and part of their body language is ear position.
If they cannot move their ears, they cannot communicate in normal ways to other dogs that they are not a threat, and they are more likely to get into fights and difficulties.
It is the same if their tails are cut off and they cannot show whether they are happy, sad, angry or confident.
When owners buy a new puppy, often they do not realise that it has been smuggled and taken from its mother far too soon.
That can cause a lot of medical issues and other diseases, such as parvo virus.
It is not unusual for someone to buy a new puppy and, within the first week or two, have to go to the vet repeatedly with a very sick animal, whose problems are often quite hard to diagnose.
Sometimes these diseases are fatal.
There are few things more heartbreaking than a family who, within a few days of ownership, not only have an expensive veterinary bill but have lost their new puppy.
I thank the hon.
Member for introducing this important Bill, which I support.
He talks about the impact of diseases that puppies might have when they are brought in.
Does he agree that there are also diseases that have potential impacts on human health, often for the veterinary surgeons or nurses who are looking after them?
For example, diseases such as Brucella canis could lead to miscarriage for a lady if she is looking after one of those puppies while pregnant.
I know that the hon.
Lady speaks with authority as her husband is a vet.
I thank her for sitting on the Committee and for pushing the Bill through.
She also has a private Member’s Bill on animal welfare.
She makes an important point that has been consuming the veterinary profession for the last couple of years.
A lot of dogs brought in from abroad have a disease called Brucella canis, which can affect humans.
It can cause infertility and miscarriages.
Obviously, if a dog has been illegally smuggled in, owners might not be aware of the risk because they assume it has been born in the UK.
It is a huge human health risk as well.
Just last night, I was still receiving messages from veterinary colleagues about treating animals that they strongly suspect have been smuggled in because of the type of illnesses that they are seeing.