That will curtail the ability of unscrupulous puppy smugglers to bring those puppies into the UK.
The Bill also further restricts the import of heavily pregnant animals.
The Dogs Trust has seen a record 600% increase in the number of heavily pregnant bitches intercepted at the border since 2021.
In preparing for this debate, I have read about the most appalling cases of pregnant animals being transported in cramped conditions to give birth, with little food or water.
This barbaric practice can permanently damage the health of both the mother and the puppies or kittens.
Similarly, we support the decision to cap the number of animals transported non-commercially at five per vehicle, rather than five per person as at present.
That will close another loophole exploited by smugglers that allows them to transport several dozen animals in one trip, claiming ownership of five per person.
I am equally glad to see this legislation ban the import of dogs and cats with non-exempted mutilations into Great Britain.
According to animal welfare charities such as the RSPCA, incidents of ear cropping have skyrocketed twentyfold in the last decade.
We on the Conservative Benches are committed to ending that horrible practice.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Epping Forest (Dr Hudson) , who, like the hon.
Member for Winchester, is a veterinary surgeon and a passionate advocate of that reform.
Of course, mutilation is not limited to dogs, and this legislation will also outlaw the declawing of cats.
That is another horrible procedure that has no medical basis, and we support that measure.
This is a good Bill.
Its measures are well considered, backed by experts and charities and designed to implement positive change to protect our beloved pets.
I am pleased  to confirm on behalf of the Opposition that we support this Bill, and I sincerely hope it will gain the support it deserves from the whole of the House.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Winchester (Dr Chambers)  on championing this Bill and guiding its passage through the House.
I have welcomed the expertise he has lent to this debate, as well as his information and the way in which he used it in Committee.
I was really fascinated to learn about the “Cut the Crop” campaign, and I am keen to hear a bit more about how we can support that.
I thank all Members who have contributed to constructive and positive debates during each of the Bill’s stages.
I have to say that the constituents of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Northampton South (Mike Reader)  must be delighted that he did not pursue his career on the forecourt.
He mentioned work of the Animal Welfare Society and his passionate membership of it.
He also reminded us all of the importance of doorstep dogs and—one of my favourites—dogs at polling stations, which always seem to appear whenever the election day is.
I thank him for his support and join him in supporting Four Paws, Battersea and the Countryside Alliance.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Congleton (Sarah Russell)  mentioned dog-on-dog offences.
Those are offences under section 3 of the Dangerous Dogs Act 1991, and we are working with the Crown Prosecution Service to update its guidance to make that clear.
We are also working with stakeholders to encourage responsible dog ownership and reduce dog attacks.
As my hon.
Friend quite rightly pointed out, this is about a minority of dog owners, but it is extremely distressing for anybody involved.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Glasgow East (John Grady)  mentioned stray dogs and the difficulty they have in gaining trust, which is so true, as well as the damage that cruelty to animals can do throughout a pet’s life.
He also mentioned the importance of social media and how we can ensure that all of us in this House are sending the right message that we think the practice of mutilating animals is unacceptable.