It is important that these offences are prosecuted, because farming is an important part of the British economy and the Scottish economy.
I know that well because, as a complete townie who gets very uncomfortable if there is a lack of cars and noise, I married into a family of farmers.
My wife’s family were dairy farmers on the Solway firth, which looks over into Cumbria where the Bill will apply and have very important impacts, as sheep farming is very important in Cumbria.
I do not think my lovely father-in-law Andrew is particularly impressed with my farming abilities.
Helping in the milking parlour did not go very well and apparently the fences I put up were not straight enough.
He generally thinks I am incompetent in the farming area.
I think now, after 23 years of marriage —it is coming up to our wedding anniversary on  12 July —he thinks I am kind of all right as a husband and a father, but I have not checked this week.
My wife’s aunt and uncle, Elma and Sam, were sheep farmers.
Sheep farming is a very difficult way of making money.
It is hard work—farming is hard, hard work, whatever kind it is.
Farmers have to get up very early to look after the animals; they have to protect the animals and pay for the veterinary bills, and so on.
It is a tough job.
I do not think we should underestimate how important this Bill will be as a signal that this House supports farmers and takes into account their concerns.
These are hard jobs.
Farmers are stewards of the countryside across Britain.
Obviously, Glasgow is the most beautiful place in the world, but I would not wish to get into a dispute about where the most beautiful part of Cheshire is, because Cheshire is beautiful.
Farmers are an important part of stewarding the countryside across our family of nations, which is so important to us, and this Bill is important for farmers.
Farmers are important for the British economy—not just the farms themselves, but our brilliant farmers, who help to supply restaurants and shops, creating the great revival of British cooking and cuisine that we have seen in our lifetimes.
So this Bill is very important, and I hope that the Scottish Government look at it carefully and perhaps review the lack of prosecution of these offences.
Now, I should say something of the Bill itself, because it is important.
I have covered the important constitutional aspects of it—that it does not cover Scotland—but clause 2 is key.
There is limited scope for the police to seize dogs for prolonged periods of time, even when they are causing danger.
It is, I am afraid, regrettably common for dogs that have been seized to carry out further attacks pending the trial of their owner.
Giving the police the ability to seize dogs for longer periods of time will therefore prevent those repeated attacks.
I commend  the hon.
Member for Chester South and Eddisbury (Aphra Brandreth)  for addressing that in clause 2; it is an important provision, and she is quite right to include it.
As a recovering lawyer, I have, at times, had an interest in the investigation of crime.
Of course, whatever the legal system, it is necessary to have sufficient evidence, broadly, to convince a judge or a jury to convict someone.
Rural crime is particularly difficult in that regard; the reason is self-evident, when we think about it.
As a complete townie, it has taken me a bit of time to spot the self-evidence of it.
My hon.
Friend consistently refers to himself as a complete townie—a description that I would apply to myself, too.