It really is abuse of these bitches.
They are basically puppy factories.
The transportation of heavily pregnant dogs and cats is dangerous to the health and welfare of both the mother and the offspring, especially in heatwaves, given the heat inside vans when they have a few pregnant dogs in the back, so it is paramount that we remain on the front foot and use the Bill to prevent this practice becoming commonplace.
The Bill will raise the minimum age at which cats and dogs can be imported to ensure that very young animals are not taken from their mothers too soon, and that we can age puppies and kittens more accurately.
Currently, the minimum age is technically 15 weeks, but it is very hard even for vets to accurately age animals.
By the time they get to six months old, they have lost all their deciduous teeth—their baby teeth—and have mostly adult  teeth, so we can be much more confident about their age.
Raising the minimum age will be much better for their welfare, but it will also help tackle the criminals’ business model, because the demand is for puppies, not dogs that are over six months.
We hope that if people cannot bring in dogs at six months old, it will take away the incentive to try to get them across the border.
I come to mutilation, which includes ear cropping, the declawing of cats and tail docking.
It is very cruel and should not be tolerated.
For anyone who is not aware, ear cropping is when someone cuts a dog’s ears off to make it look more aggressive.
It often happens to breeds such as XL bullies and Dobermanns.
It has been illegal in the UK for more than a decade—since, I think, 2013.
People are still performing the procedure in the UK, without veterinary supervision and probably with no anaesthetic, and then claiming that the dogs have been brought in from abroad, because it is still legal to bring them in from abroad.
I received messages last night from about a dozen vets, saying that just in the last couple of months, they have treated dogs that have clearly had their ears hacked off in the UK, and that now have infections and need the rest of the ear amputated.
This is going on now.
The great thing about closing that loophole is that there will be no excuse for owning a dog in the UK with cropped ears, and no one will be able to claim that such a dog has been brought in from abroad.
One of the great beauties of this Bill is that it applies to Scotland, too.
Does the hon.
Gentleman agree that it will make the prosecution of ear cropping-related cases easier in Scotland, for the benefit of our wonderful dogs?
Clarity about the fact that there is no excuse for having a dog with cropped ears should make prosecution and enforcement of the law a lot more straightforward.
I will read out a message that I received from a veterinary colleague last night:
“Just saw for repeat meds check this week, 3yo cropped Doberman, imported but clearly was very young and Owner was not given any passport or papers.
He had his ears cropped (supposedly done abroad before being imported, but was probably done in the UK).
Lovely bright dog until anyone puts a hand towards his head when it will explode with aggression.
Big enough dog to be life threatening if a child approached him.
Now exists near permanently muzzled and dosed up on Prozac.
It’s maddening, frustrating and pitiful all at the same time.”
Cutting a dog’s ears off with no anaesthetic is obviously physically harmful, but it can also affect the dog’s psychology for the rest of their life, so they will not let anyone go near their head.