Member for Chester South and Eddisbury (Aphra Brandreth)  for bringing forward this Bill, which is immensely popular  with local farmers.
I have met with the NFU and its membership repeatedly over months, if not most of the last year, and it is always one of the first things they mention to me.
I commend her for her sterling work and for the collegiate way in which she always conducts herself, including in this matter.
It is fantastic that we are extending protection to alpacas and llamas.
No one wants to see attacks or worrying, and including both those definitions is really important and strengthens the law appropriately.
I am incredibly impressed that the Bill covers paths and roads.
The hon.
Member for Chester South and Eddisbury thinks her constituency is the most beautiful in the country but, of course, it is not even the most beautiful in Cheshire, because mine is better.
One of the really beautiful things I did recently was go to Goostrey Rose Festival last weekend.
We have new paths in Goostrey and they are used incredibly regularly by dog walkers, but they are on farm boundaries.
This legislation is so important for covering paths like those.
I have been on a farm with a family in the aftermath of a dog attack, and it is terrible.
I am not here to demonise dog owners—we have so many considerate, sensible, countryside-loving dog owners in my constituency—and I know the hon.
Member for Chester South and Eddisbury is not either.
We are here to make sure that the overwhelming majority of people are left in peace to go about their everyday lives, in both the farming community and the dog-owning community—they are often one and the same—and to make sure that rural crime is properly prosecuted.
GPS theft is another major component of rural crime in my area.
Our local police and crime commissioner, Dan Price, has been doing work on this, and the hon.
Member for Chester South and Eddisbury has been involved in it.
It would be great to get an update from the Minister on that.
I want to take a moment to thank the NFU, which has lobbied me extensively on this issue.
I am on its food and farming fellowship and have learned a great deal from it.
I also thank the farmers in my constituency for continuing to feed us and for looking after the countryside so well.
I rise to support the Bill, and I commend  the hon.
Member for Chester South and Eddisbury (Aphra Brandreth)  for bringing it to Parliament.
I want to make some brief remarks about what is sometimes perceived as a tension between those who wish to responsibly enjoy the countryside, and both the economic toll and the harm done to livestock by livestock worrying.
Since being elected to this place, I have been a strong champion for expanding responsible access to the countryside across England and Wales—my hon.
Friend  the Member for Northampton South (Mike Reader)  mentioned the Right to Roam campaign.
I commend the hon.
Member for Chester South and Eddisbury, because this Bill shines a light on the fact that most of us who wish to go into the great outdoors and enjoy our wonderful countryside, whether that is in Cheshire or on the wonderful west Pennine moors in my Bolton West constituency, do so responsibly, but those who do not ensure that their dogs conduct themselves  in a considerate manner will feel the wrath of these measures.
I particularly welcome that, because there is a balance to be struck between farmers and those who look after livestock in the countryside, and those who want to enjoy our great outdoors.
With that in mind, I want to touch on a couple of points.
On extending the provisions to include camelids, there are a number of alpacas and llamas at farms in my constituency, including Smithills open farm.