They were Pistol, Poins and Muttley.
My dad believed that dogs should be named after Shakespearean characters, hence Pistol and Poins, but the balance of power shifted in the family, and then we had Muttley, the Hanna-Barbera dog—though we drew the line at Huckleberry Hound.
Something very important about the dogs is that they were all strays.
They had great emotional difficulty in being able to trust humans because they were mistreated when they were younger.
That is why  the hon.
Member for Winchester (Dr Chambers)  was right to emphasise the real damage that cruelty to animals can do.
The next-door neighbours have two cats, Butch and Cuddles, and the clue is somewhat in their name; they were stray cats.
Butch took a long time to trust the next-door neighbours and my family and I, but he does trust us now.
If animals suffer cruelty when they are young, it causes long-term psychological damage.
I am delighted that the Bill extends to Scotland.
This House should not be afraid to legislate for the welfare of people or animals in Scotland, so I commend the hon.
Member for Winchester for seeking to legislate for Scotland; it is very important to my constituents.
We have the Dogs Trust in Broomhouse in my constituency, which my good friend Councillor Lalley took me to visit.
The people there do a huge amount of good work with stray dogs.
May I take a moment to mention Dobermann Rescue, based in my constituency, which also does fantastic work?
I am sure my hon.
Friend will join me in commending its work.
I will join my hon.
Friend in commending the work of that Dobermann charity.
Dogs like Dobermanns and German shepherds have a certain reputation, but they are very kind, loving and loyal, so I commend work that is done to help Dobermanns.
There is a great deal of support in my constituency for the Bill, which has many important elements.
Restricting the commercial importation and non-commercial movement of dogs, cats and ferrets into the UK on the grounds of welfare is an important objective.
As the Bill is implemented, which I hope it will be, we must redouble our efforts to bring to people’s attention how wrong the importation of these animals is.
The hon.
Member for Winchester mentioned campaigns on social media, and he was entirely correct to do so.
The scale of the problem is large.
People are importing these animals for commercial gain, and it involves a great deal of cruelty.
There has been a rise in the market for pregnant dogs and cats to be brought in.
The hon.
Member was right to talk about the mutilation of animals.
People have known for decades, if not longer, that the mutilation of animals—tail docking and so on—is cruel and wrong and should not be taking place in this day and age.
It is utterly barbaric.
The Bill is very important for public health, as  the hon.
Member for Dewsbury and Batley (Iqbal Mohamed)  said—dogs that have not been tested for diseases will not be able to come here—and it will help to fulfil  Labour party manifesto pledges on animal welfare.
It will also improve enforcement.
I have some experience of that from talking to former colleagues, and the Bill will make it much easier to enforce certain elements of existing animal cruelty laws, for example on the mutilation of dogs.
That is very important.
Mention has been made of dogs on Twitter feeds during the general election campaign.
I admit that, during the campaign and for many months beforehand, I too had a hobby of taking pictures of dogs and posting them on Twitter.
I have got out of the habit, so I thank the hon.
Member for Winchester for reminding me that it is quite a pleasant thing to do.