I particularly welcome that, because there is a balance to be struck between farmers and those who look after livestock in the countryside, and those who want to enjoy our great outdoors.
With that in mind, I want to touch on a couple of points.
On extending the provisions to include camelids, there are a number of alpacas and llamas at farms in my constituency, including Smithills open farm.
Members may think they look rather incongruous on the great west Pennine moors, but I assure them that they are incredibly popular, both in terms of the opportunity to walk them around the moors and with school visits.
I want to touch on a couple of points that the Minister may pick up on, relating to the opportunities that present themselves, outside the criminal law, to push for greater responsible enjoyment of our countryside, particularly in respect of increasing investment in promoting awareness of the countryside code.
I will read out some of the provisions in the code, to make people aware.
I think they are principles that everyone in this place can rally around:
“Do not feed livestock, horses or wild animals…do not cause damage or disturbance…leave no trace…always keep dogs under control and in sight…dog poo—bag it and bin it…take your litter home”
and, most importantly, be courteous:
“be nice…share the space”
with others.
That should be the golden thread that runs through all our time spent in the countryside.
It is worth me putting on the record that the UK ranks the lowest of 14 European nations with regard to nature connectedness and, out 15 European nations surveyed, the UK is 11th in terms of physical activity.
So there is greater work to be done to provide access to nature, but also on enjoying it and breaking down some of the barriers to opportunity.
Nevertheless, I commend the hon.
Member for Chester South and Eddisbury for bringing forward the Bill.
I very much appreciate the concerns she has raised around livestock worrying; she has been a champion for that cause ever since she got elected to this place.
I commend the Under-Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull West and Haltemprice (Emma Hardy)  for praising her daughter in the Chamber.
It is very important to praise children.
My Aunty Mary, who moved from Newcastle in the blitz to become a schoolteacher just north of here in London, would always emphasise to me how important it was to give children confidence in their abilities and their qualities.
We were talking earlier about dogs and David Hockney, so it would be remiss of me not to mention Elizabeth Blackadder, a very fine printmaker from Glasgow and one of the United Kingdom’s most famous artists.
She was a real pioneer in reviving printmaking in Scotland.
In Trongate, we have the Glasgow Print Studio.
Project Ability currently has an exhibition of art by people who have disabilities and mental health issues.
It is a wonderful exhibition.
If any Members are going to Glasgow, they should go to that exhibition, because it is absolutely wonderful.
It is a beautiful exhibition.
The Bill does not apply to Scotland because it is a criminal matter, and criminal matters are devolved to Scotland in the constitutional settlement, but this is an important issue in Scotland.
There has been some discussion about the lack of prosecutions for this sort of offence.
It is important that these offences are prosecuted, because farming is an important part of the British economy and the Scottish economy.
I know that well because, as a complete townie who gets very uncomfortable if there is a lack of cars and noise, I married into a family of farmers.
My wife’s family were dairy farmers on the Solway firth, which looks over into Cumbria where the Bill will apply and have very important impacts, as sheep farming is very important in Cumbria.