For a student, that was very exciting.
Unfortunately, I lost that job because I fell asleep on my shift and someone stole the carwash while I was asleep.
Yes.
I was demoted back to daytime shifts, but Winchester always has a place in my heart.
It is a great relief to know that two Members of this House sabotaged their petrochemical careers quite early on.
I had a job in a garage as an 18-year-old—I cannot remember the brand.
I made the fatal mistake of filling up a car salesman’s brand new car with diesel, when it was an unleaded car.
That is why I never rose to the top of British Petroleum.
I should state for the record, and for colleagues in Hansard, that I am not my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bracknell (Peter Swallow) , as was suggested earlier this week.
For those online, I am not my hon.
Friend  the Member for Weston-super-Mare (Dan Aldridge) , either, whom I was quoted as being this week.
Nor am I a member of a much worse version of One Direction.
That idea went viral this week, thanks to one of my former Labour colleagues, who temporarily made me Twitter famous.
I am a very passionate member of the Labour Animal Welfare Society, and I would like to thank the society for all its hard work during the election period on this campaign.
When we put out social media posts and spoke to residents right across the political spectrum, it was very clear that there is real support for changes and much tougher animal welfare measures.
The Conservatives, when in government, failed to take action on e-collars; on banning imports from trophy hunting, fur and foie gras; on banning snares and other inhumane devices that are already banned in Wales and Scotland; and—this is really critical for every pet owner—on the theft of pets.
It is really positive to see these measures now coming forward.
On my hon.
Friend’s point about social media, does he have a view on the importance of having a dog in your social media during a general election campaign?
It seemed to be an almost compulsory element of many of the campaigns I was involved in, including mine.
Surely the Bill is critical to ensuring the good nature of the animals appearing in those social media posts?
I completely agree.
I was a candidate for 17 months, and for a long while I ran #DoorstepDogs; every week, I took a photo of my favourite dog that I met on the doorstep.
Unfortunately, I have given up on that.
Maybe I should bring it back.
That is a very good point about social media.
One reason why there is such an interest in dogs with cropped ears is that a lot of influencers on Instagram and other social media platforms pose with dogs, or show that they have new dogs, with cropped ears.
Many people are not aware that it is a mutilation; they think it is how dogs’ ears normally look.
That drives a demand for dogs that look like that.
We will be running a “stop the crop” campaign to try to get influencers and companies that use crop-eared dogs in adverts to stop doing that, so that cropping is not normalised among the general public.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising that point.
It is fantastic to hear about that campaign, and I would fully support it.
But there are also positives in the world of pets on social media.
I follow an account, Southend Dog Training, which has helped me with free advice to ensure that Dash, my little Chorkie—full name: Dash Potato Evans-Reader—sits, walks and does not lick so many people every time we meet them.
He does not come out with me on the doorstep, because while I am trying to talk about serious policy issues, he is more keen to get in the house and explore.