Obviously, if a dog has been illegally smuggled in, owners might not be aware of the risk because they assume it has been born in the UK.
It is a huge human health risk as well.
Just last night, I was still receiving messages from veterinary colleagues about treating animals that they strongly suspect have been smuggled in because of the type of illnesses that they are seeing.
That is why we are striving to end those practices by delivering the measures in the Bill.
The Bill closes loopholes in our pet travel rules that are currently exploited.
It does so by reducing the number of animals permitted per non-commercial  movement from five per person to five per vehicle—including vehicles on board a train or ferry—and to three per person for foot or air passengers.
Careful consideration has been given to setting these limits, balancing the need to disrupt illegal trade with minimising the impact on genuine pet owners.
To underpin this, only an owner, not an authorised person, will be permitted to sign a declaration that the movement of a dog or cat is non-commercial.
Crucially, the Bill places a duty on the Government to use these regulation-making powers to deliver three key measures: a ban on the import of puppies and kittens under six months old; a ban on the import of heavily pregnant dogs and cats that are more than 42 days pregnant; and a ban on the import of dogs and cats that have been mutilated.
Raising the minimum age at which dogs and cats can be imported will ensure that very young animals are not taken from their mothers too soon.
Separating a puppy or kitten from its mother too young has huge implications for its health and welfare.
I thank the hon.
Member for bringing forward this very important Bill.
The point about very young animals is really pertinent.
In my family, we have two kittens.
They were brought into our house at an appropriate age, and we can see the importance of their first relationships after birth.
One of my constituents owns ferrets, and I met both those ferrets at civic events in my constituency of Watford.
They clearly have personalities, and it is really important that this Bill seeks to protect them.
Yes, ferrets are some of the most quirky and engaging creatures you can ever meet—great personalities.
I have to say I hate them coming into the consult room, because you can smell that they have been there for several hours afterwards, but they bring a lot of joy and pleasure to the people who own them.
We anticipate that traders may respond to an increase in the minimum age for importing puppies and kittens by increasing the number of pregnant dogs and cats that they import.
The evidence from stakeholders suggests that even at present, traders are importing very heavily pregnant dogs and cats in order to benefit from their trade as soon as the puppies and kittens are born, because it is much cheaper and easier to bring in an animal before it gives birth than to try to move a whole load of puppies.
We know that some dogs are being taken back and forth; they get pregnant again, and then are brought back to give birth.
It really is abuse of these bitches.
They are basically puppy factories.
The transportation of heavily pregnant dogs and cats is dangerous to the health and welfare of both the mother and the offspring, especially in heatwaves, given the heat inside vans when they have a few pregnant dogs in the back, so it is paramount that we remain on the front foot and use the Bill to prevent this practice becoming commonplace.