In particular, the inclusion of alpacas and llamas is really positive, as we are seeing more and more of them reared in Northamptonshire.
It will be positive to continue to review that as farmers diversify into new ways of maintaining food supplies and the environment and ensuring the long-term  sustainability of farming.
Bills such as this should continue to be adapted and evolved through successive Governments.
I met a farming colleague relatively recently, who told me about a mauling incident that happened on his land.
It was shocking to hear about the direct impact on him and his staff who discovered it, and the fact that the police struggled to take action because of the lack of powers to undertake things such as forensics.
It is positive that the Bill is increasing the relevant powers, particularly on the capture of DNA from dogs, to ensure that perpetrators can be brought to justice.
It is a grim thing that continues to happen year on year, and we must take positive steps to change it.
The Bill is also very well timed.
In Northamptonshire, the new police, fire and crime commissioner, Danielle Stone, has recognised that rural crime has been neglected in recent years.
She has launched a rural crime survey, and had a number of roundtables and panels with farmers across the county.
We now see farming and the protection of rural communities front and centre in her policing action plan.
Northamptonshire is home to the largest town in the UK, Northampton, but also acres and acres of beautiful countryside, which is used for both arable farming and rearing herds and growing crops.
It is great timing to see the Bill come through before the summer.
Not just my police, fire and crime commissioner but police commissioners across England will recognise and support the Bill as a positive step forward.
When I read the Bill and listened to some of the observations in Committee, I found the expansion of the provisions to roads and paths quite interesting.
For the record, my uncle is the former president of the Ramblers’ Association, and he repeatedly reminds me of the right to roam campaign whenever I see him at family dos.
It is positive that the Bill expands the definition to include roads and paths, because it sets clear requirements when someone accesses land—particularly in somewhere like Northamptonshire, where so many public footpaths run through farmland—to protect farmers and set clear boundaries for those walking their dogs or undertaking more nefarious activities.
It is also positive to see the recovery of costs in the Bill.
That is a big step forward that will deter people and serve as a reminder to many people who may be impacted by the Bill.
Overall, the Bill takes a really responsible and balanced approach, and I commend the hon.
Member for Chester South and Eddisbury on her work.
As we have heard today from the many dog owners in the Chamber, dog owners are generally responsible, but when things go wrong and someone does not take that responsibility seriously, there must be measures in place for the police to step in and farmers to be protected, so I am really pleased to see this Bill.
It does not take a heavy-handed approach, as a couple of constituents have written to me about.
It strikes the right balance, and I fully commend it and thank the hon.
Member for bringing it forward.
I thank  the hon.
Member for Chester South and Eddisbury (Aphra Brandreth)  for bringing forward this Bill, which is immensely popular  with local farmers.
I have met with the NFU and its membership repeatedly over months, if not most of the last year, and it is always one of the first things they mention to me.
I commend her for her sterling work and for the collegiate way in which she always conducts herself, including in this matter.