But there are also positives in the world of pets on social media.
I follow an account, Southend Dog Training, which has helped me with free advice to ensure that Dash, my little Chorkie—full name: Dash Potato Evans-Reader—sits, walks and does not lick so many people every time we meet them.
He does not come out with me on the doorstep, because while I am trying to talk about serious policy issues, he is more keen to get in the house and explore.
In all seriousness, the Bill is really important.
It closes loopholes and stops the shameless exploitation of dogs, cats and ferrets—as I learned from the Clerk as I walked in, ferrets are included in the Bill because of  their alignment on rabies categorisation.
It is fantastic to see a really well-rounded Bill of this nature.
It will stop puppies being stripped from their parents and smuggled into the UK under the age of six months, and it will stop heavily mutated dogs being brought in, as well as heavily pregnant dogs, who just become puppy farms.
I was at a food conference in Northampton yesterday, and when I told people there that I was coming in to Parliament today to talk about puppies, they thought it was a little strange.
But I explained the loopholes, and they were not fully aware of what goes on.
It is really important that we take this kind of action to close those loopholes.
First, I must confess that I am feeling increasingly guilty for not having mentioned my cockapoo, Brora, since everybody else is mentioning their pet.
She has been a social media star—she posed in a Scotland football strip just before the last championship.
The hon.
Gentleman makes a good point about people not being aware and needing reassurance.
When we bought Brora five years ago, I remember it being on my mind that we had to be careful, because there are a lot of people selling puppies on the internet, apparently genuinely.
I have heard from constituents who bought a puppy, unaware of the puppy trade, and then faced the sorts of issues that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Winchester (Dr Chambers)  mentioned.
Does the hon.
Gentleman agree that it is important that the public take away from this Bill an awareness of those dangers?
I could not agree more.
It is critical that we do more in Parliament to raise these issues.
I also welcome some of the minor amendments made in Committee, which strengthen the Bill further and will reassure people, particularly in the limited circumstances in which the Bill may have unintended consequences.
It is the story of my life that I am a dog lover and an animal lover.
Every time I come home from Parliament, Dash is there waiting for me.
Very fortunately, he comes with me when I come down to London, and he comes with me back to Northampton.
It makes my life so much better, as you say, to come home, decompress—
The hon.
Gentleman is doing a marvellous job, but he has used “you” a number of times, as indeed have other Members in their interventions.
While I am on the subject of interventions, it is fascinating for me personally to hear about the social media accounts of everybody’s dogs, but could we please try to keep interventions within scope of the Bill?
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker—you make a good point.
As I was saying, when I come home and see Dash, it is a great opportunity to decompress.
I agree with  the hon.
Member for Edinburgh West (Christine Jardine)  that that is such a valuable part of owning a dog.
In closing, I want to thank a number of organisations that have helped me and others to really understand this issue—Four Paws, Battersea and the Countryside Alliance have provided great briefings and have helped me and others to understand it.