I would gently say to the hon.
Lady that she is part of the political party that propped up the Tories in government—this lot opposite—which led to some of the desperate situations we see across mental health today.
Parkrun is a global public health phenomenon.
Will the Minister meet me and the new Parkrun chief executive to talk about future collaboration?
Parkrun is a fantastic organisation that is doing amazing work.
We know that movement saves the NHS around £10.5 billion a year, but 12 million adults are still inactive, and we need a team effort to succeed in getting millions more moving.
There is a lot we can learn from Parkrun, and I would happily consider any invitation to meet it.
The House has already heard the recent announcement about the closure of the urgent care centre at Mount Vernon hospital.
My hon.
Friends the Members for Ruislip, Northwood and Pinner (David Simmonds) and for Beaconsfield (Joy Morrissey) and I are all concerned about the quality of healthcare for our constituents, especially as the Labour Government have delayed the new Watford general hospital until at least 2032.
What steps is the Minister taking to improve the quality of healthcare in our areas, instead of just making it worse?
When this Labour Government came to office, we promised 2 million more appointments, but we have actually delivered 4.5 million.
We have cut NHS waiting lists month after month, and they are now at their lowest level in two years.
Of course there is more to do.
I regret that we had to delay Watford general hospital; the previous Government left a plan that was not credible and had no available funding.
We are cleaning up their mess, and the hon.
Member has a cheek to complain about it.
The report, “Barriers for adults with Cerebral Palsy on achieving full life participation”, published by the former all-party parliamentary group on cerebral palsy, highlighted the cliff-edge in support for those with cerebral palsy when they transition at the age of 18 and the need to end the separation of neuro and musculoskeletal knowledge within the NHS, given that cerebral palsy is a neuromusculoskeletal condition, and that those living with it need easy and ready access to both areas.
I would therefore be grateful if I could understand—
Order.
Let me help the hon.
Gentleman.
If you have a main question and I call you in topicals, you really need to shorten your question in order to let other Members in.
NHS England has worked with key stakeholders to develop a framework to aid integrated care systems to commission high-quality services for children and young people with cerebral palsy, including as they transition to adult services.
Guidance from the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence on cerebral palsy in the under-25s also sets out key considerations in transition planning.
Data published last week shows that despite the Government’s initial action, the proportion of dentists working in the NHS in Norfolk and Waveney continues to drop.
I am pleased to hear about the Government’s work on the dental contract, but the Public Accounts Committee is clear that this will work only if it is backed by sustainable funding.
I will give the Minister another chance to answer the question: will the Government ensure that the extra funding that has been put into the Department is actually reflected in extra funding for NHS dentistry?
One thing that I made clear to officials when I came into this post was that every penny that is allocated to NHS dentistry must be spent on NHS dentistry.
We are in a crazy situation where demand for NHS dentistry is going through the roof, yet we have had underspends.
That needs to stop.
We will focus the spending on where it is most needed, including areas that are under-served, such as the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency.