We have consulted quickly on what the future of the energy profits levy should look like to ensure certainty about the fiscal landscape.
The Treasury will respond to that consultation in due course.
We want to give certainty, but we also want to recognise that this is an industry in transition, and burying our heads in the sand and pretending that that is not the case does nothing to protect the workforce in the long term.
We will therefore continue to invest in the new industries of the future and in that wider strategy.
Refineries are important to our economy and will continue to be important.
That is why I brought all of industry together in a roundtable to discuss the challenges facing the refinery sector.
I was shocked to discover that that was the first time there had been such an invitation from the Government in 13 years.
I ask the shadow Minister to reflect on who was in power for 14 years.
I call the Chair of the Energy Security and Net Zero Committee.
The Minister is absolutely right—so was the shadow Minister—to focus on the jobs and the communities affected by the worrying news coming from Lindsey.
He was also right to say that the problems are the result of shockingly bad management.
My Select Committee will look at the future of refining in this country in a one-off session in the autumn, and we will be able to take further evidence at that point.
In response to what the shadow Minister said about energy prices, will the Minister confirm that the way to get industrial energy prices down—just as with domestic energy prices—is to reduce our reliance on the volatility, uncertainty and high prices that are determined by Vladimir Putin and the petrostates, and that we have to manage the transition, not shut our eyes to it or somehow play into culture wars as Reform wants us to do?
My hon.
Friend is right.
Separate from all the wider issues facing the refinery sector and the oil and gas sector generally, it is right we recognise that this week there are workers hearing some devastating news.
Detailed work will be going on into how much of the site we can utilise in the future, and assessments are under way about how credible some of the bids are.
We will do more work on that, and I am sure that his inquiry will be useful.
On energy costs more generally, one of the conversations I had when I met the refinery sector was about how we could do more to bring down its costs.
We are looking at how we could support refineries more through including them in the energy intensive industries compensation scheme, which would obviously cut costs and help UK refineries with their competitiveness.
That is not straightforward, but we are determined to look at that.
On my hon.
Friend’s final point, he is right that the overall context of what we are doing as a Government is driving forward the transition to clean power, because it gives us back our energy security and takes away the volatility in prices that has been so devastating to households and businesses over the past few years.
It is also the economic opportunity that helps drive forward refineries into what could be profitable businesses in that transition.
They will continue to play a part in that, and we will support them to do so.
We have a lot of business today, so if we could help each other, that would be very useful.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The closure of Prax Lindsey oil refinery is deeply troubling, with up to 1,000 jobs at risk across the supply chain.
It is a devastating blow to workers, their families and the communities that rely on the refinery.
We need a clear strategy to support those whose livelihood is in jeopardy.
That means practical help with reskilling and retraining.