Friend for her question and commend the work she has done on this issue and her wonderful contribution to the Westminster Hall debate that I responded to recently.
It is a really important issue and something we are keen to explore further.
The Secretary of State and I would be delighted to meet with her and other campaigners.
The NHS 10-year plan identifies antimicrobial resistance as
“a critical threat requiring urgent action.”
AMR kills 35,000 people in the UK every year and 5 million globally and rising.
Why on earth are the Government covertly axing the Fleming Fund without telling Parliament?
Will the Secretary of State publish an impact assessment of the effect of the Fleming Fund’s closure on our domestic health security?
There is nothing covert about the decisions on the Fleming Fund.
It has been perfectly open and clear that the existing funding has been cut.
Having said that, the work and partnerships that have been developed on AMR continue.
The UK continues to be a global leader on this issue, and our ambassador, Dame Sally, continues to do sterling work on it.
I call the shadow Minister.
Last month, the Government published their 10-year plan.
It took a year to write, and it contains promises to make even more plans—a cancer plan, a maternity and neonatal plan, a workforce plan and an HIV plan—which we are still waiting for.
Careful planning is important, but taking too long will delay improvements in care, so when do the Government expect to publish those plans and to start delivering?
We are already delivering.
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right to identify that a number of plans are being brought forward.
We take this matter  very seriously, and we want to ensure that we get it right.
We plan: we plan so that we perform effectively, and we plan for success.
The national cancer plan will be coming later this year, and I am sure that we will be able to outline a timetable for all other plans.
I assure her that planning is not doing nothing; planning is making sure that we get this right and that we deliver.
What steps he is taking to increase metachromatic leukodystrophy screening provision for infants.
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this issue and congratulate his constituent David Kiddie on the 190-mile walk he completed earlier this year to raise awareness and funds for those with MLD and their families.
The Government are committed to listening to those with MLD and their families and acting with compassion and care to support them.
The UK National Screening Committee, which advises the Government on all screening matters, is consulting on the outcomes of an evidence review looking at whether to screen for MLD.
In 2024, two-year-old Lily Stock was diagnosed with metachromatic leukodystrophy, a rare and progressive disease that will, in her family’s words, “slowly take Lily away”.
Libmeldy, a lifesaving gene therapy, is available through the NHS, but I understand that it must be administered before symptoms develop.
Sadly, that means it is too late for Lily to benefit from the treatment.
Emily and Sean, Lily’s parents, are campaigning for MLD screening to be added to the heel-prick test on newborns, so that MLD can be identified early and treated effectively and no family will have to go through this devastating experience.
Will the Minister and her officials look into adding MLD screening to the heel-prick test, and will she and the Secretary of State join me to meet Lily’s family and hear their story at first hand?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this matter.
Lily’s story really lays bare the heartbreak that rare diseases can bring and the vital role that early diagnosis can play.
I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend and Lily’s family.