Will he do so as soon as possible?
The business case for the rebuild of the health centre has been submitted to NHS England for review, and NHS Property Services will in parallel be asked to approve the capital funding.
Subject to those approvals, a new health centre will be fully completed in 2027.
Phlebotomists across the country play a vital role in our NHS.
Will the Minister consider making the job role band 3 across the nation to ensure that everybody is paid fairly?
Phlebotomists are paid on an “Agenda for Change” pay scale, which is underpinned by the job evaluation scheme.
It is something the Secretary of State and I discussed with the trade union Unison last week; I should declare that I am a member of Unison.
It is working closely with the trust in question, but I am happy to discuss the matter with my hon.
Friend further.
Many carers have told me how much they rely on respite care to protect their own physical and mental health so that they can continue to care for their loved ones day in, day out.
The wonderful Chesil Lodge day centre in Winchester has recently been threatened with closure, and I have been fighting alongside constituents to keep it open.
How will the Department ensure that respite services such as those at Chesil Lodge are consistently available and are not subject to a postcode lottery?
Can I also—
Order.
I call the Minister.
Our 10-year plan will boost support for family carers via digital tools such as My Carer and include them in care planning and shared decision-making processes.
We have raised the carer’s allowance earnings limit to £196 a week—the biggest increase since 1976—and we have launched the independent commission into adult social care, which will look at unpaid carers’ needs.
The hon.
Member raises an important point about respite care; I am chairing a cross-ministerial group on our carers strategy, and I would be happy to update him outside the Chamber.
Last autumn, there was not a single NHS dental practice in Derbyshire Dales accepting new adult patients other than those referred for specialist care.
The lack of NHS dentistry has led many of my constituents to experience severe economic hardship, with one telling me he had to spend £100 to have a single tooth fixed and another spending £2,000 on dentures.
Will the Government provide increased funding for NHS dentistry to ensure that more people in rural areas like Derbyshire Dales can access NHS dentists?
The mess we inherited from the previous Government beggars belief, with 14 million adults with an unmet dental need, while for children between five and nine years old, the most common reason for hospital admission was to have their rotten teeth removed.
This Government are determined to get NHS dentistry back on its feet.
We are targeting the areas most in need, including rural areas, by delivering 700,000 additional urgent dental appointments, and reforming the dental contract.
Our consultation is under way, and I encourage my hon.
Friend to participate.
I was really disappointed that there was not one mention of eating disorders in the NHS 10-year plan, which is particularly troubling given that some of the proposed measures to reduce obesity may inadvertently harm those affected by eating disorders.
When will the Government finally commit to an eating disorder strategy, as recommended by the eating disorders all-party parliamentary group?
This Government are investing an extra £688 million this year to improve access to mental health services.
We are transforming our mental health services with 24/7 neighbourhood health centres; I was very pleased last week to visit the centre we are launching in Bethnal Green.
I would gently say to the hon.
Lady that she is part of the political party that propped up the Tories in government—this lot opposite—which led to some of the desperate situations we see across mental health today.
Parkrun is a global public health phenomenon.