NHS England’s independent ADHD taskforce is looking at how to provide support for people with ADHD and how to improve it.
We are  considering the taskforce’s interim report and look forward to the final report later this year.
The taskforce is joined up with expert groups established across Government to provide advice on meeting the needs of neurodivergent children and young people in education, and on boosting neurodiversity inclusion at work.
Will  the Minister confirm what steps the Department will take to build neighbourhood health services in partnership with charities, such as Macmillan, that have a proven track record of designing and delivering community-based services for people with long-term conditions?
How can we ensure that this is a UK-wide service, and not a postcode lottery for cancer services?
The cancer plan will reflect the three shifts in the 10-year plan, including from hospital to community.
Macmillan, Cancer Research UK and Cancer52 all sit on the steering board for the cancer plan, and I meet them regularly.
Last week, we announced the Diagnostic Connect partnership with the third sector, linking patients with third sector services on diagnosis.
The cancer plan will cover this for the whole of England and build on the commitments in the 10-year plan.
The most recent figures for the three NHS cancer waiting time targets for diagnosis, referral and treatment showed that those targets were missed.
Longer waiting times can have a serious adverse effect on cancer patients, so can the Minister confirm whether those targets will be given a high priority in the national cancer plan when it is published?
The national cancer plan for England will have patients at its heart and will cover the entirety of the cancer pathway, from referral and diagnosis to treatment and aftercare, as well as prevention and innovation.
It will seek to improve every aspect of cancer care, including establishing targets for delivery right through the cancer pathway.
Will the Minister give an update on the progress being made to introduce nationwide screening and improved treatments for prostate cancer?
We are looking very carefully at the arguments for national screening.
The hon.
Member will be aware that there are concerns.
We have to look at this very carefully to ensure that screening programmes do not cause unnecessary harm, but targeted and widespread screening for prostate cancer is something that the Department is looking at and will report on in due course.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I am so delighted to have two questions on health this week that I am not even going to mention ferries!
As my hon.
Friend will know, the process for securing an education, health and care plan is complex and can lead to delays in accessing vital support.
That can have a serious impact on the health and wellbeing of young  people and children.
What steps is the Minister taking to improve the health element of EHCPs for families navigating the process, including those in my constituency?
We have inherited a system that is utterly failing to meet the needs of children with special educational needs.
This Government are reforming the SEND system, ensuring that there is joined-up support across education and healthcare.
We are also supporting inclusive environments and earlier intervention for children through the early language support for every child programme, or ELSEC, and the partnership for inclusion of neurodiversity in schools programme, or PINS.
Eight years ago, Weybridge community hospital burned down.
After a long journey, the replacement finally received planning consent last week; all it needs now is for the Secretary of State to sign the cheque on the dotted line.
Will he do so as soon as possible?
The business case for the rebuild of the health centre has been submitted to NHS England for review, and NHS Property Services will in parallel be asked to approve the capital funding.
Subject to those approvals, a new health centre will be fully completed in 2027.