The Government’s pledge for the carer’s allowance review to report by early summer looks set to be broken.
Can the Secretary of State today commit to ending the cliff edge for carer’s allowance and to introducing a statutory guarantee for respite care so that carers know that he is listening?
I thank the hon.
Member for her question, and for making everyone aware of the powerful protest taking place today, which so visibly reminds us that lots of people’s voices may not be heard if they cannot participate in person.
It is a reminder of the challenges that people face.
I will undertake to raise her  concerns with my right hon.
Friend the Work and Pensions Secretary, and I give carers across the country the assurance that we are working as fast as we can.
Having delivered the biggest expansion of carer’s allowance since the 1970s, we want to ensure we deliver for this extremely important group of people, whom we are lucky to have in our society.
My constituency of Stoke-on-Trent Central has some of the deepest ingrained health inequalities anywhere in the country.
My constituents are just as deserving of first-class healthcare as anyone else, so can the Secretary of State set out how the 10-year health plan will help reduce those health inequalities and ensure that, across Stoke-on-Trent and north Staffordshire, my constituents have the healthy lives they should expect?
I can absolutely give my hon.
Friend that reassurance.
It was appalling that the previous Government not only cancelled lots of the deprivation-linked funding put in place by the Labour Government but threw all that progress into reverse.
That is not the approach that this Government will take.
We will have funding based on need, not pork barrel politics.
I can assure my hon.
Friend that his constituents in Stoke-on-Trent will benefit from our sincere commitment to tackling health inequalities.
To take the Health Secretary back to his promise to provide regional healthcare, the integrated care board is opening a consultation on the future of the hospital in Goole, after a decade of almost positively running it down.
Will he instruct all the health services in the country to make the most of the valuable assets they have, not shut them down or misuse them, and actually deliver a local service for local people?
I can certainly give the right hon.
Gentleman the assurance that we are looking right across NHS estates to make sure we are making best use of them, particularly in the context of neighbourhood health.
I have heard the case he has made about how neighbourhood health services could be provided on that site.
I hope commissioners have heard the case, but if not I will make sure that they do and that he gets the relevant meetings he needs.
My ADHD—attention deficit hyperactivity disorder—diagnosis in May this year helped to answer questions about my life and to put support in place to improve it, but we know that over 300,000 children are waiting for an assessment and that untreated ADHD affects educational attainment, employment prospects and health outcomes.
Will the Secretary of State set out the Department’s plans to improve access to assessments and treatment for ADHD?
Will he work across Government to develop a long-term, joined-up approach to ADHD care?
I commend my hon.
Friend for bringing his personal experience to bear on this important matter.
NHS England’s independent ADHD taskforce is looking at how to provide support for people with ADHD and how to improve it.
We are  considering the taskforce’s interim report and look forward to the final report later this year.
The taskforce is joined up with expert groups established across Government to provide advice on meeting the needs of neurodivergent children and young people in education, and on boosting neurodiversity inclusion at work.