Planning work has already begun.
The hon.
Gentleman will know that I updated colleagues yesterday in a “dear colleague” letter around integrated care boards and local authorities being invited to apply to participate in the national neighbourhood health implementation programme.
I am grateful to the Minister for that answer.
He will have heard me put the case for Long Crendon many times over many years, and given the proposals for neighbourhood health centres in the 10-year plan, Long Crendon offers a very quick win.
The community has the land, the planning permission and a GP practice willing to serve there; it just does not have the funds for the bricks and mortar to build it.
Can I ask the Minister to meet me and the members of Long Crendon parish council who are leading on this, so that the Government can get a quick win on neighbourhood health centres?
The hon.
Member is clearly a doughty campaigner—I am sure that will mean something good will happen for him in the reshuffle that we are all watching with bated breath.
I am happy to have that discussion with him.
As I said, the neighbourhood health process will be driven primarily by identifying areas where healthy life expectancy is lowest and deprivation is highest.
Clearly, he makes a case for his area, and I would be happy to have that discussion with him.
The question is on Long Crendon, so we will see how Josh Fenton-Glynn does.
Before I start, I pay tribute to the shadow Secretary of State,  the right hon.
Member for Melton and Syston (Edward Argar) , who faces his last set of Health questions.
He is an incredibly kind man—we spoke after the loss of my brother—and a fantastic shadow Secretary of State.
I am not sure how they will replace him.
One of the key shifts we need to see in the 10-year plan is from hospital to the community.
Key to keeping people out of hospital is tackling the dental deserts, with dental problems being the biggest cause of children aged five to nine going to A&E. Will the Minister assure me that the new neighbourhood health centres will include dentistry—
Order.
That is not linked to the question.
That is why I was really bothered when I called the hon.
Gentleman.
What recent estimate his Department has made of the proportion of mental health research funding allocated to eating disorders.
Through the National Institute for Health and Care Research, the Department is committed to finding new ways of tackling eating disorders through research.
We are supporting research projects, including the eating disorders genetics initiative—one of the largest studies of its kind—and have a £4.25 million collaboration with other UK research funders to build new partnerships in eating disorder research.
We are also strengthening support for people with eating disorders by recruiting more mental health workers, expanding mental health support in schools and embedding it in young futures hubs.
Eating disorders cost the UK an estimated £9 billion each year, yet research into these serious conditions receives just 1% of all mental health research funding.
That is despite eating disorders affecting around 9% of people with mental health conditions, the consequences of which are delayed diagnosis and treatment and often lengthy hospital admissions.
Will the Minister agree to meet me and the eating disorder charity Beat to discuss how the Government can break this cycle and ensure that eating disorder research receives the attention and investment that it urgently needs?
I know that this subject is close to my hon.
Friend’s heart, and I pay tribute to him for his work on it.
We recognise the devastating impact that an eating disorder can have, and the earlier the treatment is provided, the greater the chance of recovery.
The Department continues to work closely with NHS England, which is now refreshing guidance on children and young people’s eating disorders.