It is a devastating blow to workers, their families and the communities that rely on the refinery.
We need a clear strategy to support those whose livelihood is in jeopardy.
That means practical help with reskilling and retraining.
This is also an opportunity for targeted green investment in industries that can offer decent, secure jobs for the future.
This crisis speaks to a wider failure.
The UK still lacks a proper plan for a just transition that gives oil and gas workers real confidence about what comes next.
We need to wind down fossil fuels in a way that provides genuine opportunities—well-paid green jobs, clean energy infrastructure, and proper support for the communities that have long powered this country.
As other parties embrace climate denialism and internet conspiracy theories, the Liberal Democrats call on the Government to ensure that we do not backtrack on our climate targets, undermine green investor confidence, and abandon our leadership on the world stage when it comes to climate change.
First, what steps are the Government taking to ensure that contingency plans are in place, so that those whose jobs are at risk are guaranteed support and opportunities to redeploy their skills?
Secondly, how are the Government ensuring that investment in skills and regeneration is targeted, so that it has the greatest impact where it is needed most?
Finally, what steps are the Government taking to ensure that the transition to renewable energy makes the best use of the skills and experience of oil and gas workers in the places affected, such as the Humber estuary?
I wrote down the hon.
Gentleman’s points, and then he came on to specific questions, but I will respond to the points.
He rightly says that this has been devastating news for the workers.
He also said something that I want to echo, and which I said to the workers when I met them last week: this decision, and what has happened to the company, is no reflection at all on the incredible, very skilled work that they are doing.
I want to reiterate that.
So often in these cases, the workers bear the brunt of decisions taken by the company, and that is a great shame.
He is right, and we will support the workers.
My Department is funding the training guarantee to make sure that all those workers are given an assessment of their training needs and future employment desires, so they can be given tailored support.
We will make sure that is rolled out in the coming months.
On the hon.
Gentleman’s wider point about the transition, he is right to say that we need a proper plan.
That is why we consulted on the future of energy in the North sea, both through a series of questions, and through a much broader question about what the future of our energy sector looks like.
It will have oil and gas for many decades to come, but already thousands of jobs are being created in other offshore industries, and we want to support that.
The hon.
Gentleman is right to highlight that investor confidence is critical.
It is shameful that people would seek to damage investor confidence in this country in the name of net zero rhetoric.
The truth is that there has been more than £40 billion of investment in clean energies in this country.
That means jobs and opportunities in all our communities across the country, and those who would talk that down should be ashamed.
I draw the House’s attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests in respect of the GMB trade union.
The Minister said that he was engaging with workers.
Will he set out in more detail what engagement he is undertaking with the trade unions that are those workers’ representatives?
Will he give the House an assurance that the detailed modelling work undertaken by the Department includes the impact on the wider supply chain?