That is an absolutely scandalous and very  dangerous situation for people with ADHD.
I urge the Government to move quickly in their task of implementing the recommendations of the forthcoming taskforce publication, to ensure that we are properly treating and looking after people with ADHD.
In my remaining time, I will mention some of the excellent organisations that I have had the pleasure of meeting, including the Men’s Shed in Peppard; the Sharing Life Trust in Thame, which does excellent work as a food bank; the River Tame Conservation Trust; the Riverside Counselling Service; and the Henley YMCA.
Like many first-time MPs who spent their summer recruiting officers and doing a lot of admin, I am very much looking forward to this recess, as I am sure all Members are.
But rest assured that I and my Lib Dem colleagues will be back in September to continue holding the Government and the official Opposition to account, and I look forward—
Would it was so.
My constituent Scott Young, a 34-year-old father-to-be from Beverley, was left permanently blind in one eye after NHS failures, including a two-month delay to urgent surgery following a diabetic haemorrhage, which the trust now blames on admin mistakes.
When the same issue threatened his remaining sight, identical delays occurred until I intervened.
Yet the Hull University teaching hospitals NHS trust response contained factual errors, including claiming that a heart condition delayed surgery even though it had not been diagnosed when the delay occurred.
Does the Minister agree that such failings demand accountability, and what steps can he take to improve the administrative processes within our hospitals?
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps he is taking to help reduce waiting times at A&E departments.
What steps he is taking to help reduce waiting times at A&E departments
This Government inherited an intolerable situation in A&E, where over a decade of Tory failures left patients waiting in pain.
We are doing the hard work needed to start repairing that damage.
Our new urgent and emergency care plan is backed by nearly £450 million, which will mean 800,000 fewer A&E patients waiting more than four hours this year, new urgent treatment centres, mental health crisis centres and almost 400 replacement ambulances.
Those are just some of the steps that we are taking to rebuild our national health service.
I welcome the progress this UK Labour Government have made in reducing A&E waits in England.
That sadly contrasts with a crisis in Scotland, where recent figures revealed 2,472 Scots waited over eight hours to be seen.
Jackie Baillie rightly warned that
“Lives are being put at risk”
under the SNP, and it has been years since the Scottish Government last met any of their targets.
Does the Secretary of State agree that only Labour in Westminster and in Holyrood has a serious plan to back NHS staff and cut waiting times?
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
There is no sign of the SNP Members this morning.
They have obviously clocked off for the summer—or maybe they are just sparing their blushes, because the party has been in power for close to two decades in Scotland and has been steadily driving the NHS into the ground.
The chair of BMA Scotland has said,
“the NHS is dying before our eyes”
with the SNP.
It is on its fifth NHS recovery plan in less than four years.
Scotland needs a new direction with a Scottish Labour Government.
Working in partnership, we will fix the NHS across the United Kingdom and make it fit for the future.
One of my first visits after being elected last year was to the A&E department at the William Harvey hospital in my constituency, where 19 patients were being treated in the corridors and others faced long waits for treatment.
I therefore welcome the progress that has been made so far on reducing A&E waiting times.