We hear a lot about additional money for the NHS.
Why is none of it coming to Cumbria?
It is not the case that none of the money is going to Cumbria.
We are taking action to deal with the persistent overrunning and over-spending of NHS budgets, which was an intolerable situation that we had to get a grip on.
We are investing £26 billion more in the NHS, and that will rise over the course of this Parliament.
We will make sure that every part of the country gets its fair share, not least through the deprivation-linked funding that I mentioned.
I know that it is bumpy for ICBs as we get them back to balance, but believe me it will be worth it in the end when we have a sustainable NHS that is fit for the future.
In 2020, a consultation was carried out to give prescribing rights to operating department practitioners, but despite positive discussions with the Department we are no further forwards and OPDs and allied health professionals are being held back.
Does the Secretary of State agree that expanding their roles within scope of practice will improve efficiency, patient care and professional development?
We are keen to address these sorts of issues through our workforce planning and to ensure that staff are working to the top of their licensing capability, always within the training provided.
That way we can get the best possible value for taxpayer money and, most importantly of all, the best outcomes for patients.
Does the Secretary of State agree with me about the importance of step-down provision, provided by community hospitals such as Petersfield and Alton, both for patient care and for relieving pressure on acute hospitals, such as Queen Alexandra and Basingstoke?
Yes, and that is why we are reforming the better care fund.
Key to the shift to prevention is making sure that people can stay in their own homes or get home from hospital.
The Health and Social Care Committee found that such provision costs the NHS £1.9 billion every year.
Can the Secretary of State update me on what we are doing to get the social care system working?
Thanks to the decision that the Chancellor has taken, spending power in social care is rising—not just through Department funding but in the spending power of local authorities.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: we have to get the right care in the right place at the right time.
That often means better care for patients and better value for taxpayers.
At midnight, The Times published an article on the ME final delivery plan, carrying quotes from three ME campaign groups.
The charity Action for ME published a five-page briefing at the same time, and “BBC Breakfast” also featured the plan, so they had all read the plan.
I checked with the relevant officers and went to the House of Commons Library about half an hour ago, and no plan has been published.
More than 12 hours after the Department’s press release, no MP can access the plan.
Is this how it should be?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising this issue.
That is not what I was expecting.
A written ministerial statement has been tabled, and I will speak to officials and make sure that that plan is available as it should be.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero if he will make a statement on the closure of the Prax Lindsey oil refinery.
In my oral statement on  30 June , I informed Parliament of the deeply disappointing news that the Prax Lindsey oil refinery had entered insolvency and that the court had appointed an official receiver to manage the situation on the site and determine the next steps.
Since then, we have worked urgently to ensure the safety of the refinery site and the security of fuel supplies, and to protect workers.