That needs to stop.
We will focus the spending on where it is most needed, including areas that are under-served, such as the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency.
My constituents Marie Brewis and Denise Coates are bravely using their own experience of breast cancer treatment to campaign for a dedicated cancer support centre in Luton.
Does the Minister agree that Luton could benefit from the wraparound care of a cancer support centre locally, and will she meet me to discuss this?
The national cancer plan, which will be introduced towards the end of this year, will cover cancer facilities across England.
I would be more than happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss the particulars in her constituency.
Brierley Park medical centre applied for funding from the primary care utilisation and modernisation fund earlier this year.
It has been successful, but it has not yet had the money, and the money must be spent by the end of the year.
Will the Secretary of State please tell my medical centre when it will receive this vital funding?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right about the timeliness of decision making and the need to release funding when it is allocated.
I shall make sure that my Department looks into that, and write to him with an answer.
I commend my right hon.
Friend for his work on reducing waiting lists, but at the Homerton in Hackney, because of a system-wide funding failure, deficit reduction money was removed three months into a 12-month agreement, which reduced the opportunity to drive down waiting lists still further.
Will he or one of his colleagues meet me to discuss this issue and see what we can do to drive down those waiting lists?
We are taking action to deal with the over-running of budgets and the reckless spending across the NHS and to bring deficits under control, but I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend.
Spelthorne residents Emma and John lost Holly to cancer in October last year.
They set up the charity Holly’s Heroes in her name.
Before she died, Holly was given a wheelchair by the NHS, and Emma and John cannot now give it back to the NHS for love nor money.
I have raised this with the chief executive of the trust, but can the Secretary of State reassure me that this practice is not replicated nationwide?
We absolutely need to look at reducing waste in the NHS, so I would be delighted to pick up that case.
Can I also say an enormous thank you to Holly’s family for the work they are doing in such unimaginable circumstances?
I really admire people who put themselves forward to serve others in that way after such a painful experience.
Last Friday I brought together GPs, housing developers, the local authority, the ICB, and anyone else you care to name, to try finally to solve the issue of our having one of the most under-doctored areas in the country for primary care.
Among the many issues raised was a particularly niche one: thanks to NHS Property Services demanding a late payment from a couple of GP surgeries, which were unaware that they were due to pay this rent, those surgeries now face the possibility of having to pay a bill that equates to the cost of one GP’s salary for a year.
That cannot be right.
I would be delighted to look at the issue that my hon.
Friend raises.
I am only sorry that I missed the party last week.
Lancashire and South Cumbria integrated care board is having to make savings of £142 million this year, and the backdrop to that is a loss of wards at Barrow, Lancaster and Kendal.
We hear a lot about additional money for the NHS.
Why is none of it coming to Cumbria?
It is not the case that none of the money is going to Cumbria.