I can certainly assure the shadow Minister that the chief nursing officer and I are working proactively to deal with nursing unemployment.
We are also working with the leadership of the NHS to make sure that we are reducing our reliance on overseas workers.
Grateful though I am to all the healthcare workers who come from overseas to work in our health and care services—the service would fall over tomorrow if they all left, so we should be extremely grateful—there is certainly an overreliance, and that is what we are addressing.
I have to say to the shadow Minister, though, that both those issues are a result of appalling workforce planning, for which the previous Government bear a huge amount of responsibility.
What steps his Department is taking to support neighbourhood health services.
It is only with proper investment and reform that we will bring care closer to people’s homes and into the community.
Our 10-year health plan will roll out a neighbourhood health service in every community, as one-stop shops for health and care services that meet the needs of local populations, including rural and coastal communities like my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
The previous Government failed to move care into the community.
We have already hit the ground running on delivering the 10-year health plan, and launched the national neighbourhood health implementation programme on  9 July  to start that work at pace.
My constituents in Barrow and Furness very much welcome the Government’s move towards delivering more neighbourhood health services, but my right hon.
Friend will be aware of the great concern locally about the proposal from Lancashire and South Cumbria integrated care board to permanently end level 3 critical care at Furness general hospital.
More than 10,000 people have signed my petition just this week to oppose that move.
Will the Secretary of State please ensure that decision makers meet me and representatives locally to explore an alternative path forward that ensures patient safety, protects the integrity of our hospital and reflects the area’s growing population?
That was just one of many instances in which my hon.
Friend has made the voices and views of people across Barrow and Furness heard loudly and clearly in this place and across government.
In response to her question, I say yes, absolutely: on such an important matter her local commissioners should be meeting her,  as the local Member of Parliament, and I think I can commit to that on their behalf.
While such decisions must be made locally and clinically led, they must also be made in partnership with the local authority and the local community.
We must ensure that we are engaging democratically elected representatives, and I will ensure that my hon.
Friend secures that meeting.
My constituents in Cranleigh have no train service and no direct bus service to the Royal Surrey County hospital in Guildford, which is a big issue for older residents who do not drive.
Does the Secretary of State agree that some of the empty rooms in Cranleigh Village hospital could provide a very good opportunity for the expansion of neighbourhood health services, and if he has not been briefed on this pressing issue by his officials, may I brief him, or one of his Ministers, on it in the autumn?
That sounds like another bid for a neighbourhood health centre in the right hon.
Gentleman’s constituency, but I am sure that local commissioners will be delighted to hear the case he has made, given the experience that he brings to bear.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of industrial action on NHS services.
Before this Government came to office, strikes were crippling the NHS.
Costs ran to £1.7 billion in just one year, and patients saw 1.5 million appointments rescheduled.