We have allocated £10 billion, particularly in this spending review, to address this issue and make sure we get this right for the system and for patients.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the 10-year health plan for England on the prevention of ill health.
The 10-year health plan sets out how we are transforming our approach to preventing ill health through a set of ambitious measures that make the healthy choice the easy choice.
Among those measures is our mandatory partnership with food businesses, through which we will make shopping baskets across the country healthier, and our landmark Tobacco and Vapes Bill, to help deliver our ambition for a smoke-free UK by gradually ending the sale of tobacco products across the country.
I thank the Minister for her response.
Sickle cell disease disproportionately affects people from African and Caribbean backgrounds, yet systematic inequalities persist.
A recent NHS Race and Health Observatory report reveals that research funding for cystic fibrosis is 2.5 times higher, despite similar prevalence.
Will the Minister commit to addressing the chronic underfunding and ensure equitable investment in research and workforce specialist training for sickle cell patients across the NHS?
The Government are committed to addressing health inequalities experienced by people living with rare conditions such as sickle cell disorder.
Pioneering research is a cross-cutting theme of the UK rare diseases framework, but we know that there are a small number of rare conditions with a large amount of research, while many more have little or no funded research.
I want to confirm for my hon.
Friend that the National Institute for Health and Care Research welcomes funding applications for research into all and any aspects of health or care, including sickle cell disorder.
The Minister talks about her 10-year health plan, with “Fit for the Future” splashed across the front cover, but really, it is a plan from “Back to the Future”, with no new ideas that have not been discussed since Alan Milburn tried to do this in the year 2000.
It will only be successful if the Government deliver, but there is no detail in there on how they will deliver.
Can the Minister help us: how will she deliver on the priorities, including preventive ill health?
Where can we read the “how”, or is it all still fermenting in Ministers’ heads?
We are already delivering.
As I have said, the Tobacco and Vapes Bill is making its way through Parliament at the moment.
We are tackling the obesity crisis through tackling junk food advertising to children.
We are working on school food standards, and we are also bringing in rules around planning for junk food establishments near schools.
We are supporting people to make healthier choices when it comes to alcohol, and we are tackling air pollution, which particularly affects working-class communities.
The list goes on and on, and I would be more than happy to give the hon.
Member another list if he needs one.
Urinary tract infections are estimated to impact on the lives of up to 5 million women and girls.
In 2023-24, there were over 679,000 hospital admissions, and in 2023, 4,323 deaths.
Outdated diagnostic techniques and inadequate treatment for acute UTIs results in the condition becoming recurrent and chronic.
Better education of clinical staff and updated guidelines, diagnostics and treatments can help prevent the spiral of ill health that destroys so many women’s lives.
Will the Secretary of State engage with me and other campaigners to recognise chronic UTIs as a condition and work to prevent this horrendous, pervasive illness?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question and commend the work she has done on this issue and her wonderful contribution to the Westminster Hall debate that I responded to recently.
It is a really important issue and something we are keen to explore further.
The Secretary of State and I would be delighted to meet with her and other campaigners.