(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero if he will make a statement on the closure of the Prax Lindsey oil refinery.
In my oral statement on  30 June , I informed Parliament of the deeply disappointing news that the Prax Lindsey oil refinery had entered insolvency and that the court had appointed an official receiver to manage the situation on the site and determine the next steps.
Since then, we have worked urgently to ensure the safety of the refinery site and the security of fuel supplies, and to protect workers.
That also allowed time for bidders to express an interest in the site.
Following a thorough process, the official receiver has rigorously assessed all the bids received and concluded that sale of the business as a whole is not a credible option.
I visited workers at the site on  17 July , and I will be meeting them again shortly today.
I know that this will be hugely disappointing news to them, their families and the wider community.
They are all in my thoughts at this time.
A package has been offered to all directly employed at the refinery which guarantees their jobs and pay over the coming months.
Alongside the usual support that is offered to workforces in insolvency situations, the Government will also immediately fund a comprehensive training guarantee for those refinery workers to ensure that they have the skills needed and the support to find jobs in, for example, the growing clean energy workforce.
Furthermore, we understand that the official receiver continues to explore various proposals for assets on the site.
I therefore remain hopeful that a solution will be found that creates future employment opportunities at the Immingham site.
The refinery will continue to process crude for the rest of the month, and the official receiver will continue selling refined products for a number of weeks, giving buyers time to adjust their supply chains.
The former owners left the refinery in an untenable position and gave the Government little time to act.
That is why the Energy Secretary immediately demanded an investigation into their conduct and the circumstances surrounding the insolvency, and why I have repeatedly called on the owners to do the right thing and provide financial support to the workforce at this difficult time.
I call the shadow Minister.
When the Prax Lindsey refinery closes its doors in October, there will be only four oil refineries remaining in the United Kingdom, following the news about Grangemouth a few months ago.
This is the second oil refinery to close in the United Kingdom in only six months, prompting serious questions about our energy security and resilience.
In Immingham, people are waking up today to the reality that redundancies are now inevitable.
It is estimated that about 625 jobs will be lost.
For the community in Lincolnshire, that is seismic.
As the Minister said, we are aware of the long-standing financial issues with Prax Group, and I reiterate my support for the Government’s investigation into its directors.
What progress has been made on that investigation?
When does he expect the report to be made?
We cannot escape the fundamental crisis facing our manufacturing sector.
As Jim Ratcliffe has said, the sector is “facing extinction” because of
“enormously high energy prices and crippling carbon tax bills.”
The Minister’s Department knows that to be true and has exempted some industry from paying the net zero levies, recusing specific businesses from paying the extortionate green subsidy costs.
That is a ridiculous situation that sees subsidies being paid by the Government to businesses to exempt them from the charges being imposed by that very same Government—we are truly through the looking glass.
The Department is wilfully talking down the oil and gas industry with hostile language and an impossible fiscal regime while overseeing the deindustrialisation of the United Kingdom through the perpetuated high cost of industrial energy.