Friend’s heart, and I pay tribute to him for his work on it.
We recognise the devastating impact that an eating disorder can have, and the earlier the treatment is provided, the greater the chance of recovery.
The Department continues to work closely with NHS England, which is now refreshing guidance on children and young people’s eating disorders.
I commend the work of Beat, and I would be happy to discuss this further with my hon.
Friend.
The eating disorder issue is escalating, as the Minister rightly points out.
Will he agree to hold discussions and consultations with the devolved structures in Northern  Ireland, Scotland and Wales, so this issue goes to the top of the list of issues that have not really been dealt with in the past but need dealing with now?
We remain in close contact with all our colleagues in all the devolved Administrations.
I will certainly be following up with officials as we develop the research programmes that we are working on, and as we integrate eating disorders into the broader work we are doing around mental health.
Getting 8,500 more mental health workers and creating Young Futures hubs and mental health crisis centres is just some of the work that this Government are doing on this important issue.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of urgent eyecare in east Yorkshire.
The right hon.
Member’s constituents can access urgent eyecare services from Hull University teaching hospitals NHS trust 24 hours a day, seven days a week and from a range of high-street optical practices locally.
Integrated care boards are responsible for commissioning primary and secondary eyecare services to meet local need.
As part of our 10-year plan, we are keen to explore how we can make best use of our primary eyecare workforce as we consider shifting more healthcare into the community.
Would it were so.
My constituent Scott Young, a 34-year-old father-to-be from Beverley, was left permanently blind in one eye after NHS failures, including a two-month delay to urgent surgery following a diabetic haemorrhage, which the trust now blames on admin mistakes.
When the same issue threatened his remaining sight, identical delays occurred until I intervened.
Yet the Hull University teaching hospitals NHS trust response contained factual errors, including claiming that a heart condition delayed surgery even though it had not been diagnosed when the delay occurred.
Does the Minister agree that such failings demand accountability, and what steps can he take to improve the administrative processes within our hospitals?
I am very sorry to hear of Scott’s experience.
What the right hon.
Gentleman has outlined is clearly unacceptable.
I will absolutely follow up on that issue with officials and report back to him.
We cannot allow that sort of poor performance to exist, and those responsible must be held to account.
What steps his Department is taking to improve electronic patient record systems in the NHS.
My hon.
Friend will know that trusts have responsibility for securing—using the approved procurement framework—an appropriate electronic patient record system that delivers all the core capabilities set out in the digital capabilities framework.
Since 2022, £1.9 billion has been invested in digital transformation, including in the roll-out of EPRs to NHS trusts that do not have one and in support to optimise existing ones.
The Minister will be aware that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stafford (Leigh Ingham)  and I have been working on a replacement system for the University Hospitals of North Midlands NHS Trust in north Staffordshire, which would improve public and patient experience, and productivity, at those hospitals.
Will the Minister meet us so that we can consider how further to unlock that funding to improve productivity and patient experience in good time?
I commend my hon.
Friend, and our hon.
Friend  the Member for Stafford (Leigh Ingham) , for their diligent work with their trust and local system.