The Minister said that he was engaging with workers.
Will he set out in more detail what engagement he is undertaking with the trade unions that are those workers’ representatives?
Will he give the House an assurance that the detailed modelling work undertaken by the Department includes the impact on the wider supply chain?
I also declare that I am a member of the GMB trade union; that is recorded in my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
I have engaged with both the Unite trade union reps who are on the site, and with day shift workers who are not represented by a trade union, to make sure that I hear from them.
I met them earlier this month and last week at the refinery, and I will meet them in about an hour’s time to talk through this more.
We want to continue that engagement with them.
I call the Father of the House.
Obviously, my first concern is my constituents who work in the refinery in the neighbouring constituency, that of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Brigg and Immingham (Martin Vickers) .
I am sure that the Minister will give them reassurance about enhanced redundancy.
Also, may I ask a question on behalf of my rural constituents in North Lincolnshire—and I declare an interest, as I live there?
This is a deeply rural area, where we rely on heating oil because we are not on mains gas.
What impact will closure of the refinery have on the price of heating oil?
On redundancy, because of how the company went into insolvency, the workers will be entitled to statutory redundancy.
That is not acceptable, given the role that they played in delivering for the company for many years.
That is why I have publicly asked the owners of the company to put their hands in their pocket and improve the redundancy package.
It is not possible for the Government to improve the package directly, but I am still hopeful that the company owners   will do the right thing.
We are providing a training guarantee to the workers, from Government funds, to make sure that they have that enhanced support.
I am happy to take away the point about heating oil.
We have been assessing the situation over the past few weeks, including a number of weeks during which fuel has not left the refinery at its normal pace, to see what the impact is on supplies across the region.
That impact has been minimal.
That is partly because a significant amount of fuel and products come from the refinery next door.
However, we will continue to monitor that, and if there is an impact on prices, I am happy to look into that.
Much like the ceramics sector, the refinery sector is an energy-intensive industry that is at the mercy of industrial energy prices, which are beyond its control but have a huge impact on its viability.
It is welcome that the Minister thinks that the energy-intensive certification programme could expand to include the refinery sector, but he will know that the business level test is a huge barrier that needs to be overcome; it means that many companies will not be eligible for the programme.
He will also know that the British industry competitiveness scheme is not due to come online for another two years; indeed, consultation on that scheme has yet to be opened.
Refineries and ceramics companies are looking down the barrel of ever-increasing industrial energy bills.
Will he give them some indication of what help and support is available now, before the new schemes come online, so that we do not have more statements about closed factories in the next few months?
My hon.
Friend is right, and it is deeply frustrating that we inherited many of these issues, which were unresolved for such a long time.
These are not problems that arrived in the past 12 months.