With essential work being delayed and paused at Sellafield, possible job losses at the Nuclear Decommissioning Authority and still no certainty for Sizewell C due to a general fear in the industry that the spending review will stymie the ambitions of Great British Nuclear, are the biggest blockers to new nuclear in the UK not in Labour’s Treasury?
I am not sure how many times the hon.
Member promised he would get to the final investment decision on Sizewell under the last Government—I think he and his colleagues promised that at least five times in the House—and of course it did not happen.
I gently repeat that the previous Government managed no new nuclear in 14 years, and he himself admitted that the Government had moved too slowly in getting nuclear projects off the ground.
We are working at pace, and we will deliver the result of the competition in the spring.
Sizewell C is also moving at pace, and we will have final answers in the spending review.
We are going to run on a bit because we are behind.
We have hardly got through any questions.
What steps he is taking to support workers’ rights in the renewable energy sector.
For this Government, good pay and conditions for workers and the role of trade unions must be at the heart of the renewable energy sector, because that is the only route to a fair transition.
Since we came to office, EDF Renewables has announced recognition agreements with four major trade unions.
We applaud it for its decision, and we want others to follow suit.
Through the Office for Clean Energy Jobs, we are also working with industry and trade unions to support fair pay, terms and conditions in the sector.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his answer.
The Employment Rights Bill is an historic step forward for workers, but these rights must go hand in hand with good jobs.
What action is he taking to strengthen the UK’s manufacturing capacity and supply chains to ensure that communities such as mine in Knowsley benefit from the transition to net zero?
My hon.
Friend is a brilliant advocate for her constituency, and on this issue of manufacturing jobs.
If we look at what this Government are doing—from GB Energy to the national wealth fund and the clean industry bonus—we see that this Government are determined to ensure that we manufacture in Britain.
We care about where things are made, and we will make those good manufacturing jobs happen.
I call the Father of the House.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the development of large-scale solar farms.
Meeting our clean power mission will require a significant increase in the deployment of both ground-mounted and rooftop solar projects.
As well as consenting record amounts of ground-mounted solar, we want to see a much greater deployment of rooftop solar power.
We will soon publish the solar road map—work that started under the previous Government—to bring together our next steps in this area.
The Government say that only 1% of agricultural land will be taken up by solar farms, but in the pipeline around Gainsborough 10,000 acres have already been put aside for solar farms, with another 4,000 announced a couple of weeks ago—up to 15% of my constituency, which is the most arable and most fertile in the country.
I make one quite reasonable request of the Secretary of State: will he consider applications in the round rather than individually, and look at their cumulative effect on food production and the local environment?
Under even the most ambitious scenarios, less than 1% of agricultural land would be occupied by solar farms.
On the right hon.
Gentleman’s point about their being holistically planned, the strategic spatial energy planning that we have taken forward is important in having a coherent view of the entire energy system.
That is work that we should have done many, many years ago.