Will the Secretary of State outline what support he can give Martin and other elderly residents without heat or hot water?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
We are very aware of the issues with park homes, and industry support is provided to residents.
As we think about expanding the warm home discount and the support we provide for households that cannot afford their energy, we will, of course, have park homes in our mind.
Does the Minister agree that community ownership projects will be crucial to achieving our world-leading net zero goals, and will he come to Edinburgh to see some of our fantastic community power projects?
Yes, that sounds really good.
Community energy is a crucial part of our energy future.
The Secretary of State and I are near neighbours.
Will he take a short car journey to Gainsborough to visit the new fusion site at West Burton?
It is probably the most exciting development in green energy that we have ever had in this country, creating unlimited jobs and unlimited green energy.
Will he join me in Gainsborough?
The right hon.
Gentleman and I do not necessarily agree on everything, but on this we do agree.
The transformation of the West Burton site from a fossil fuel-fired power station to a fusion power plant is an incredibly exciting project, and we should all be battling for it.
The Minister may be aware that SSE is supporting more than 1,000 new homes in rural Scotland to aid energy  infrastructure development.
Does he agree that the SNP Scottish Government’s failure to get a grip on our rural housing crisis is a major barrier to infrastructure development, and will he urge SSE to expand the scheme into my constituency, where we have key projects around the communities of Killin, Lochearnhead, Tyndrum and Crianlarich?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
He underlines the importance not just of delivering on energy projects but the wider economic benefits from building infrastructure—the kind of infrastructure that the Conservatives now oppose.
He is right that in order to deliver these projects, we need to see investment in rural communities by the Scottish Government.
We will continue to press them on those issues.
Kent county council plans to introduce 10,000 on-street car chargers over the next decade.
To put that in context, Kent has a population of 1.6 million people.
At this rate, Kent will have burned down by the time we all have electric on-street car charging.
What can the Secretary of State do to speed this up?
The hon.
Gentleman raises a really important issue.
Rolling out electric car infrastructure is incredibly important.
If he writes to my Department, we will ensure that he gets the best possible reply.
Will Ministers consider exercising the community electricity right within the Infrastructure Act 2015 to require commercial renewable energy developers to offer communities the opportunity to part-own schemes developed in their area?
My hon.
Friend raises an important matter.
As an energy nerd, I am really interested in this 2015 power, which, despite my nerdery, I did not actually know about.
We are actively looking at this really important power, which was put in place by the previous Government.
In response to a written question to me last week, the Minister confirmed that no nationally significant infrastructure projects have been consented to that will use greater than 50% best and most versatile agricultural land.
In my constituency, the East Park Energy solar farm is close to 75%, but the overarching national policy statement for energy states at paragraph 5.11.34:
“The Secretary of State should ensure that applicants do not site their scheme on the best and most versatile agricultural land without justification.”
Can the Minister confirm whether nearly 1,500 acres of best and most versatile land is too much good-quality agricultural land to sacrifice?
The hon.