Today, we say, “No more”.
Since we were elected we have hit the ground running to get more people into good work through our plan for change.
We are investing an extra £26 billion into the NHS to drive down waiting lists and get people back to health and back to work.
We are improving the quality of work and making work pay with our landmark employment rights legislation and increases in the national living wage; we are creating more good jobs in every part of the country in clean energy and through our modern industrial strategy; and we are introducing the biggest reforms to employment support in a generation, with our £240 million Get Britain Working plan.
Today, our pathways to work Green Paper sets out decisive action to fix the broken benefits system, creating a more proactive, pro-work system for those who can work and so protecting those who cannot work, now and for the long term.
As a constituency MP for 14 years, I know that there will always be people who can never work because of the severity of their disability or illness.
Under this Government, the social security system will always be there for people in genuine need.
That is a principle we will never compromise on.
Disabled people and people with health conditions who can work, however, should have the same rights, choices and chances to work as everybody else.
That principle of equality is vital too, because, far from what Conservative Members would  have us believe, many sick and disabled people want to work, with the right help and support.
Unlike the Conservatives, that is what we will deliver.
Our first aim is to secure a decisive shift towards prevention and early intervention.
Almost 4 million people are in work with a work-limiting health condition and around 300,000 fall out of work every year.
We have to do far more to help people stay in work and get back to work quickly, because their chances of returning are five times higher in the first year.
Our plans to give statutory sick pay to 1 million of the lowest-paid workers and provide more rights to flexible working will help keep more people in work.
The WorkWell programme is trialling new approaches, such as GPs referring people to employment advisers instead of signing them off sick.
Our Keep Britain Working review, led by former John Lewis boss Sir Charlie Mayfield, will set out what Government and employers can do together to create healthier, more inclusive workplaces.
We will therefore help more employers to offer opportunities for disabled people, including through measures such as reasonable readjustments, alongside our Green Paper consultation on reforming Access to Work so it is fit for the future.
Today, I can announce another step.
Our Green Paper will consult on a major reform of contributory benefits, merging contributions-based jobseeker’s allowance and employment support allowance into a new time-limited unemployment insurance paid at a higher rate, without someone having to prove that they cannot work in order to get it.
Therefore, if someone has paid into the system, they will get stronger income protection while we help them get back on track.
Our second objective is to restore trust and fairness in the benefits system by fixing the broken assessment process and tackling the perverse incentives that drive people into welfare dependency.
Labour Members have long argued that the work capability assessment is not fit for purpose.
Going through the WCA is complex, time-consuming and often stressful for claimants, especially if they also have to go through the PIP assessment.
More fundamentally, it is based on a binary can-or-cannot-work divide, when we know that the truth is that many people’s physical and mental health conditions fluctuate.
The consultation on the Conservatives’ discredited WCA proposals was ruled unlawful by the courts.
I can therefore announce today that we will not go ahead with their proposals.
Instead, we will scrap the WCA in 2028.