On the right hon.
Gentleman’s point about their being holistically planned, the strategic spatial energy planning that we have taken forward is important in having a coherent view of the entire energy system.
That is work that we should have done many, many years ago.
We are now moving at pace to do it, but individual planning applications are—
I call Luke Murphy.
Now that the Conservative party opposes large-scale solar, net zero and onshore wind, I am tempted to ask the Minister what he makes of that party’s new energy policy, which is to take us back to the past, rub two sticks together and hope for the best.
Instead, will he update the House on the progress of Great British Energy in delivering our clean energy mission?
I think we have rehearsed the arguments about the absolute failure of the previous Government over the past 14 years.
The Conservatives have just gone further back today.
On GB Energy, I was delighted to be in Aberdeen yesterday to join the board of GB Energy for its first board meeting.
The Bill will soon, we hope, complete its passage through Parliament.
It can then get on with delivering for the British people.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Britain produces 1% of global climate emissions.
China is the world’s largest emitter, yet no UK Energy Secretary has visited it in eight years to make the case for it to do more.
That is why I have been in Beijing making the case for climate action.
Engagement, not negligence, is what fighting for Britain looks like.
On climate, as on so much else, this Government believe that Britain can only protect our national interests by engaging on the international stage.
The Bacton energy hub in my constituency is undergoing a green transition, which I support because I believe in protecting our natural environment and boosting our economy through net zero—two things the Conservatives seem to have abandoned.
Green hydrogen at Bacton needs wind power to be brought in from the coast.
Will the Secretary of State help to make that happen, and will he visit Bacton with me to see the potential for himself?
This, among many others, is a very, very important potential project and the hon.
Gentleman is right to make the case for it.
Green hydrogen is absolutely part of our energy mix in the future.
I welcome the Government’s commitment to nuclear energy.
I recently met representatives of Newcleo, a company developing small modular reactors using lead-cooled fast reactor technology that uses depleted uranium and plutonium: waste materials of which we have an abundance from our existing nuclear programme.
Will the Secretary of State detail what he is doing to ensure that the industrial strategy takes account of all aspects of the nuclear jigsaw, including the wide variety of technologies on offer?
Clean energy is one of the eight growth sectors in the industrial strategy and will provide a core part of that strategy.
If anybody wants to build new nuclear in this country, our door is always open.
Last month, with surprisingly little fanfare from the Department or the Secretary of State, the Climate Change Committee published carbon budget 7.
Among the more eyewatering recommendations was the figure put on the cost of meeting the obligations: £319 billion over the next 15 years.
Frontloading that will be a net cost to industry every year until 2050.
Is that exorbitant  cost the reason that he cancelled his Department’s review, commissioned by his predecessor, into the whole-systems cost of net zero?
I deeply regret the direction in which the hon.
Gentleman is going.
The Climate Change Committee does incredibly important work.
We will look at CB7, but the biggest cost we face as a country is if we do not act on the climate crisis.
That is what would leave hundreds of billions of pounds of costs to future generations.
The right hon.