My hon.
Friend speaks with great expertise about these issues.
She will know that the Minister for Energy Consumers, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Peckham (Miatta Fahnbulleh) , put in place with the energy companies £500 million this winter to help families struggling with their bills.
We also want to see Ofgem proceed with the plan to relieve the debts that many families face, because the debt overhang from the cost of living crisis that we saw after Russia’s invasion of Ukraine still blights many families in our country.
If we move forward on all those fronts, we can tackle these issues.
I strongly support all efforts to increase energy efficiency and bring down bills.
Is the Secretary of State concerned about the potential unforeseen consequences of raising the minimum level of energy performance certificates to C for long-term rented accommodation but not doing so for short-term lets and owned properties?
Will that not create an incentive in communities such as ours for people to go to Airbnb or second home ownership, rather than providing affordable homes for local people?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important issue.
I believe I am right in saying—I was checking with the Minister for Energy Consumers—that as part of the consultation on energy efficiency, we are looking at the issue of short-term lets, which has been raised in the past.
He is right to draw attention to what we are doing here, because this measure, which the last Government proposed and then backed away from—a pattern we are seeing quite a lot at the moment—will take up to 1 million families out of poverty.
It is a basic principle: if someone is renting a home and they pay their rent  on time, they have a right to live in decent, warm accommodation.
What recent estimate his Department has made of the cost of decarbonising the electricity grid by 2030.
What recent estimate his Department has made of the cost of decarbonising the electricity grid by 2030.
Our clean power mission will end our dependence on volatile fossil fuel markets, giving the British people the energy security they deserve and driving jobs and investment into our communities.
We are already seeing the impact of the clean energy transition, with thousands of jobs being created across the country in CCUS—carbon capture, usage and storage—hydrogen and offshore wind, and more nationally significant solar power being approved in eight months than the previous Government managed in 14 years.
The London power tunnels project has been a positive story locally in Bexley, as National Grid has worked with the community to minimise disruption with a plan to restore the site.
However, the Labour Government’s planning reforms have led developers to propose two extensive industrial battery storage facilities on a nature conservation area and farmland locally in Bexley that do not meet fire safety guidance.
While we need infrastructure, does the Minister agree that weakening green belt protections against residents’ wishes and damaging nature in the process to meet Labour’s unrealistic grid targets will result in bad developments in inappropriate places?
I am glad the hon.
Gentleman draws attention to the London power tunnels.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State and I have visited them recently and they are a fantastic example of engineering and of what we can achieve if we set ambitious targets in this area.
I gently disagree with the hon.
Gentleman on the wider point, however, as we are going to have to build infrastructure across the country to get the benefits of the renewable energy that we are generating, and battery storage is important for that.
Of course communities have a voice through the planning system and it would be wrong for me to comment on individual applications, but the hon.
Gentleman and his colleagues must remember that we cannot simply block every infrastructure project that needs to be built.