None the less, I have been looking forward to hearing what the right hon.
Lady would announce today and which of the many things briefed to the media her spinning policy wheel would eventually land on.
Governing is hard—we know that.
In the last few weeks, the Government have made it look really hard, but that is nothing compared with how hard life can be for a severely disabled person, somebody for whom getting up, getting dressed and getting breakfast—things most of us found easy this morning—are hard if not impossible.
For some people, the last few weeks have been deeply frightening.
They will be glad of the uncertainty finally ending.
I genuinely want the right hon.
Lady to succeed, and I welcome her commitment today to increasing the number of reassessments and to having more of them face to face and recorded.
I welcome the investment in employment support for disabled people.
I welcome, of course, her reannouncing a host of things that we were doing in government.
Scrapping the work capability assessment and creating a single assessment is already Government policy that is due to come in in 2026-27.
Her big idea seems to be to delay that until 2028.
Merging new-style jobseeker’s allowance and employment and support allowance into a new time-limited higher rate is a proposal that we worked up in government.
We launched a consultation on tightening up eligibility for PIP and, by the way, we would have gone much further  with that.
We consulted on ending reassessments for people whose health conditions will not improve, and the right to try guarantee sounds remarkably similar to our chance to work guarantee.
Of course, on the Secretary of State’s continued support for WorkWell, I launched that programme with the now shadow Chancellor, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Central Devon (Mel Stride) .
In fact, the only original idea I can see in the entire announcement is increasing the rate of unemployment benefits—a Labour policy if ever I have heard one.
This is a now-or-never chance to seize the moment—a now or never for millions of people who will otherwise be signed off for what could end up being a lifetime on benefits—but today’s announcement leaves me with more questions than answers.
How many people will be helped back into work and by when?
Surely we have not been waiting eight months for just another Green Paper.
Where is the fit note reform crucial to stem the flow of people on to benefits?
Where is the action on people being signed off sick for the everyday ups and downs of life?
Why is the right hon.
Lady planning to save only £5 billion when the bill is forecast to rise to over £100 billion?
Do the savings she is announcing today include the £5 billion we had already agreed with the OBR for reforming the work capability assessment?
If so, she has made virtually no savings of her own.
What is the net saving given the additional expenditure planned?
Fundamentally, this is too little, too late.
The fact is that £5 billion just does not cut it with a bill so big going up so fast.
She needed to be tougher.
She should be saying, “No more hard-working taxpayers funding the family next-door not to work, no free top-of-the-range cars for people who do not need them, no more sickfluencers helping people to claim money they do not need.”
Before the right hon.
Lady puts on her angry voice and leans across the Dispatch Box to shout at me about “14 years”, I gently say to her that everybody in this Chamber and around the country knows that we lost and Labour won.
Her job now is to govern and mine is to hold her to account.
Our country needs everybody who can work to do so.
That principle should be at the heart of our welfare system.