Gentleman, for whom I have great respect, was present when the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rutherglen (Michael Shanks) , made a statement on precisely that issue.
On the impact on bills, he will be delighted to know that under the new arrangements that this Government agreed, there has been an absolute transformation in the scale of subsidy to Drax; it will be halved.
There is also a windfall tax when its profits go above a certain level, which I am sure the right hon.
Gentleman is in favour of, and there are much higher standards of sustainability.
He is right that we should take these issues seriously.
The Conservative party abandoned the economy, the NHS, the justice system and immigration, and now it is joining its Reform collaborators and other climate change deniers in the dunce’s corner.
Does the Secretary of State agree that, unlike this Government, who recognise the triple benefit of the 2030 goal—energy security, a transition to renewables, and job creation—the Conservative party has no solutions for 21st century Britain?
My hon.
Friend should not be so shy and retiring.
He makes a really important point.
I listened to the interim shadow Secretary of State,  the hon.
Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie) , on the radio this morning.
He made net zero 2050 sound like a target dreamed up by me, but it is not.
It was Theresa May, the former Conservative Prime Minister, who legislated for net zero by 2050.
The hon.
Member was her Parliamentary Private Secretary at the time—he was supposed to be the man implementing it.
She set the target because it was the right thing to do, so that we can have cleaner home-grown energy, get the jobs, and protect future generations.
The plans for a green generator at the Peterhead power station in my constituency are shovel-ready, but they depend on approval for the Acorn project at St Fergus.
On  12 November  last year, the Minister for Industry stated in response to a question from me that more information would be available on the track 2 projects “in the coming months.”
Given that four months have passed, can the Secretary of State provide an updated timescale and outline what the next steps will be?
I support the Acorn project; it is really important.
For reasons that the hon.
Member will understand, the right time to make decisions will be at the spending review in June.
What discussions he has had with energy suppliers on support for consumers.
We know that people are worried about their energy bills, and that too many are struggling to afford them.
We agreed £500 million of industry support, alongside our warm home discount, to ensure that £1 billion of support was available for households struggling with their energy bills this winter.
We will continue to take action to support consumers in the short term, as we sprint towards clean power in order to bear down on energy bills for good.
In my constituency, a local hospitality business’s energy provider, E.ON, has behaved appallingly by back-billing and incorrectly billing, leaving that business nearly bankrupt.
While I welcome the new expanded remit of the Energy Ombudsman, we need to ensure that it has the capacity and powers that it needs to protect businesses.
Would the Minister meet me to discuss this case, and what are the Government doing to ensure that our local businesses are not driven to bankruptcy by the outrageous behaviour of energy suppliers?
I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss this case.
However, there are clear rules in place to protect consumers from unfair back-billing, and energy companies must comply with those rules.
I have met Energy UK, the industry body, and Ofgem to reinforce our expectation that if rules are not complied with, Ofgem will take enforcement action.