We must ensure that funding is directed where it is most needed: to teaching and learning.
This Bill marks an historic first step towards creating an accountable and fair education system that will benefit all our children.
The Resolution Freedom has warned that as a result of cuts in PIP, 62,000 people could lose about £675 a month, with the poorest families hit the hardest.
Given that 870,000 children live in PIP-receiving households and 290,000 of them are already living below the poverty line, how can the Government justify pushing more disabled people and children into poverty rather than pursuing fairer alternatives, such as a 2% wealth tax on assets worth more than £10 million, which would raise £24 billion—five times as much as the suggested savings from the proposed cuts?
Is “austerity 2.0” really the change that people voted for?
I have to announce to the House that Mike Amesbury, the former Member for Runcorn and Helsby, has been granted the Chiltern hundreds.
The recall process would have begun once the time limit for all routes of appeal had been reached.
It is now no longer relevant, but for the convenience of the House, I will, as is customary, arrange for the notifications from the courts to be placed in the Votes and Proceedings.
Ordered,
That on the 26th day of March 2025, the Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the County constituency of Runcorn and Helsby, in the room of Michael Lee Amesbury, who since his election for the said County constituency has been appointed to the Office of Steward and Bailiff of His Majesty’s three Chiltern hundreds of Stoke, Desborough and Burnham in the County of Buckinghamshire.—(Sir Alan Campbell.)
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps he is taking to introduce the warm homes plan.
What steps he is taking to introduce the warm homes plan.
Our warm homes plan will upgrade up to 5 million homes with technologies such as heat pumps, solar panels and insulation, helping families to lower bills and improve their homes.
Last week we allocated £1.8 billion to local authorities and social housing providers to help low-income households and social housing tenants.
We will publish further plans following the spending review.
The warm homes plan delivers a welcome uplift in resources for domestic energy efficiency.
Failures by Governments, energy companies and local authorities over a number of years have left my constituents paying huge energy costs, with poor connectivity, failure to install smart meters or smart meters not working when they are installed, and not-fit-for-purpose electric heating systems in the Braes villages.
Does the Minister  agree that the Government must do all they can to end fuel poverty, and will he meet me to discuss how to hold accountable those who are responsible for the ongoing issues in my constituency?
My hon.
Friend raises a number of important issues.
It is about having a tough regulator in Ofgem, it is about smart meters that work, and it is about every decision the Government take seeking to tackle fuel poverty.
That is why I was incredibly pleased that we announced the extension of the warm homes discount to an extra 2.7 million families, with an extra £150 next winter to help families.
That is what this Labour Government are all about.
I welcome the energy efficiency measures that my right hon.
Friend mentions, which will really make a difference to many families in the future, but what can the Government and energy providers do to help families struggling to pay their energy bills today?
My hon.
Friend speaks with great expertise about these issues.
She will know that the Minister for Energy Consumers, my hon.