There is so much evidence of the adverse effects that the Conservative party had through cuts to support and restrictions to eligibility criteria when it was in government, including the deaths of vulnerable people.
That cannot be repeated.
I would be grateful if my right hon.
Friend published as a matter of urgency the Government’s analysis of the impacts, particularly mental health impacts, and outlined when we are expected to respond.
I thank my hon.
Friend for her response.
We will publish the equality and poverty impact analyses alongside the spring statement.
I know that she is a lifelong champion of sick and disabled people, and she has rightly raised concerns, including through the Select Committee, of vital issues such as safeguarding.
I look forward to receiving the Select Committee’s report on that in order to learn from the evidence that it received.
Although this is a substantial package with those estimated savings, spending on working-age sickness and disability benefits will continue to rise over this Parliament.
The last forecast was that they would continue to rise by £18 billion.
As she says, these are important issues, and  we need to work to get this right to ensure that proper support is in place for people.
I genuinely look forward to working with the Select Committee to get all these proposals right.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I thank the Secretary of State for sharing her statement in advance—that was extremely welcome.
The Liberal Democrats want to see more people in work, including those with disabilities.
Sadly, the significant blocker to those people getting into work is the appalling state of the health and social care system left behind by the Tories—to my mind, in more ways than one.
We desperately need the new Labour Government to drive forward with reforms to invest in and improve our health service.
The devil is in the detail of these proposals.
I fear what we will find as we turn over rocks over the next few days, particularly for the most vulnerable.
The Secretary of State has described the system as broken, so how will she drive significant change through the measures?
I fear that this is just tinkering around the edges when we need real culture change within the DWP and investment in our NHS.
That is absolutely essential.
I agree with the hon.
Gentleman that we need extra investment in the NHS and to overhaul the culture of the DWP, and that is precisely what we are doing.
We are investing an additional £26 billion into the NHS, an extra £172 million into the disabled facilities grant to help disabled people to live independently, and £3.7 billion into social care, which is such an important issue.
We need a decisive cultural shift in the DWP.
That is why our Get Britain Working plans include proposals to overhaul jobcentres.
We have also said today that we need to look fundamentally at our safeguarding approach.
Our Pathways to Work programme is genuinely just that.
For some people, getting out of the house is an achievement; for others, it is maybe going along to a community group, doing voluntary action or getting skills.
That is what we mean, and we will work closely not only with the NHS and social care—and my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care—but with voluntary organisations, which have such a vital role in helping people on to a pathway to success.
I welcome my right hon.
Friend’s commitment to ensuring that no one is on the scrapheap when it comes to work and that everyone gets the support that they need.
I note that she is consulting on delaying access to the health top-up in universal credit until the age of 22.
Will she explain the rationale for that age, and what savings does she expect to make if that consultation goes forward?
My hon.
Friend raises a really important issue.