My Ministers and I would be absolutely delighted to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss those plans.
I welcome the warm words from the Secretary of State earlier about the Acorn project.
How confident is he that the Chancellor is listening?
I speak as an old lag in these things: we have never had a Prime Minister and a Chancellor so enthusiastic and committed to the net zero agenda and what it can do economically for our country.
The right hon.
Gentleman should take heart from that.
Teesside is seeing thousands of jobs coming on stream in carbon capture and storage, but the Conservatives’ new energy policy would put those jobs at risk.
Will the Secretary of State restate his commitment to this industry, and will he work to establish a Europe-wide CO2 market to bring investment and jobs to our region?
My hon.
Friend puts it so well.
This is the economic opportunity of our time.
Our investment in carbon capture and storage shows what is possible.
Today’s desperate request for attention from the Opposition is anti-business, anti-jobs, anti-growth, anti-investment and the wrong choice for Britain.
Before we continue proceedings, I pay tribute to John “Paddy” Hemingway, the last surviving Battle of Britain pilot, who died yesterday at the age of 105.
Mr Hemingway was a teenager when he joined the RAF during the second world war.
At the age of 21 he was a fighter pilot in the Battle of Britain, a three-month air campaign in 1940 to protect the southern parts of England and British shipping from large-scale assault by the Luftwaffe.
There is no doubt that the courage and overwhelming sense of duty of RAF pilots such as Mr Hemingway helped to end the second world war and allowed us the freedoms that we enjoy today.
This Government are ambitious for our people and our country.
We believe that unleashing the talents of the British people is the key to our future success.
But the social security system that we inherited from the Conservatives is failing the very people that it is supposed to help and is holding our country back.
The facts speak for themselves.
One in 10 people of working age are now claiming a sickness or disability benefit.
Almost 1 million young people are not in education, employment or training—one in eight of all our young people.
Some 2.8 million are out of work due to long-term sickness, and the number of people claiming personal independence payments is set to double this decade from 2 million to 4.3 million, with the growth in claims rising faster among young people and those with mental health conditions.
Claims are up to four times higher in parts of the midlands, Wales and the north where economic demand is weakest.
These places were decimated in the ’80s and ’90s, written off for years by successive Tory Governments and never given the chances that they deserved.
The consequences of that failure are there for all to see.
Millions of people who could work are trapped on benefits, denied the income, hope, dignity and self-respect that we know that good work brings.
Taxpayers are paying millions more for the cost of failure, with spending on working-age sickness and disability benefits up £20 billion since the pandemic, and set to rise by a further £18 billion by the end of this Parliament to £70 billion a year.
It is not like this in most other comparable countries, where spending on these benefits since the pandemic is either stable or falling, while ours continues to inexorably rise.
That is the legacy of 14 years of Tory failure.
Today, we say, “No more”.
Since we were elected we have hit the ground running to get more people into good work through our plan for change.
We are investing an extra £26 billion into the NHS to drive down waiting lists and get people back to health and back to work.