He needs an Adjournment debate.
The hon.
Gentleman makes a good point.
The Prime Minister, the Secretary of State and, indeed, the Minister for nuclear in the other place have visited the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency and seen the good work that is happening there, and just shy of £20 million from Government grants has gone into that work to help develop nuclear fuels, which will be part of the future.
The big nuclear developments at Sizewell and Hinkley, SMRs and advanced modular reactors all need to be in the mix, and he is absolutely right to make that point.
Many of my constituents were pleased to see the extension of Heysham 1 and 2 late last year, and they would like long-term jobs for the future in the nuclear industry created in the north-west.
Does the Minister agree that it is thanks to this Labour Government that we are ending the last Government’s legacy of no new nuclear being built?
I completely agree.
The Conservative party built no new nuclear in 14 years.
Small modular reactors will bring energy efficiency and economic growth to many parts of this country.
We are working at pace and will make sure that we have the answer on SMRs shortly.
We will have the answer on Sizewell in the spending review, and of course nuclear will play a big role in the future.
Small modular reactors, as the Minister says, will play an important part in delivering clean, cheap and secure energy across this country.
However, current rules require that any reactor must apply for regulatory justification, as if nuclear power was an entirely new practice instead of an existing one.
That delays reactors getting online and lowering energy bills for people across the country, including in Bury St Edmunds and Stowmarket, by up to two years.
Will the Secretary of State consider working with his Cabinet colleagues to simplify the system and recognise that nuclear energy technology is an existing practice, thereby accelerating the deployment of small modular reactors?
Another Adjournment debate.
I will happily investigate further the issue that my hon.
Friend has raised.
There are two pieces of work going on in this space: the draft nuclear planning policy statement and the nuclear regulatory taskforce.
We want to make things as easy as we can, and I am very happy to talk to him further.
Small modular nuclear reactors are clearly the way forward for decarbonising the grid but are held up by constant delays.
When does the Minister expect to be able to announce the first one to be brought into operation, and when does she expect it to actually start work?
I am hoping that it will take less than the 14 years in which the previous Government failed to deliver anything.
We will see the announcements on the first SMR in the spring.
Our door is open to anyone who wants to suggest building new nuclear in this country.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
On  6 February , the Prime Minister announced that he would “take on the blockers” and build new small modular reactors, but do those blockers include his own Government?
With essential work being delayed and paused at Sellafield, possible job losses at the Nuclear Decommissioning Authority and still no certainty for Sizewell C due to a general fear in the industry that the spending review will stymie the ambitions of Great British Nuclear, are the biggest blockers to new nuclear in the UK not in Labour’s Treasury?
I am not sure how many times the hon.
Member promised he would get to the final investment decision on Sizewell under the last Government—I think he and his colleagues promised that at least five times in the House—and of course it did not happen.