Will the Secretary of State join me in congratulating the six students from Bourne community college who came to Westminster yesterday to present their report on the future of hydrogen storage as a net zero approach to aviation?
Does he  agree that students engaging with science, technology, engineering and mathematics are excited about the potential of clean power and carbon capture, and that proper funding for STEM in our schools will provide us with the next generation of scientists and engineers who can help us to achieve these goals?
I join the hon.
Lady in warmly congratulating the six students from her constituency whom she mentioned.
I am sure that I speak for all Members of the House when I say that when we meet young people who are engaged in the potential of clean energy technology to transform our country and our world, it is an incredibly important reminder, both about its potential for jobs, and about our duties to future generations.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The Inter-governmental Panel on Climate Change has made it clear that by 2050, we need to be removing 10 billion tonnes of carbon from the atmosphere every year if we are to stand a chance of keeping below the 1.5° target.
It is clear that carbon removal, and not just carbon capture and storage, will play a critical role in our avoiding a climate disaster.
In the face of the Conservative party once again embracing climate denialism, what steps will the Government take to support the research, development and deployment of carbon removal technologies to ensure that British companies become leaders in this emerging sector?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
I can tell him that the Minister for Industry held a roundtable with a whole range of industry voices on this precise topic last week.
He is right about this issue.
There is scepticism about CCS in some parts of academia and elsewhere.
All the evidence that I have seen from the Climate Change Committee, the IPCC and others, including the International Energy Agency, is that CCS technology has a crucial role to play on something like 20% of emissions.
He is also right to say that carbon removal is the next stage of that journey, and it is something that my Department is heavily engaged in.
Whether he is taking steps to maintain the role of nuclear energy within his energy security strategy.
What steps he is taking to support the nuclear power sector.
What steps he is taking to support the nuclear power sector.
Nuclear power is at the heart of our mission to make Britain a clean energy superpower.
It is not just providing energy security, but driving billions of pounds in investment and creating thousands of highly skilled jobs.
Great British Nuclear is on track to make final decisions on its  small modular reactor competition this spring, while a final investment decision on Sizewell C will be made in the spending review.
Whether one agrees with the Government’s net zero targets or not, they will not be able to achieve them without nuclear energy playing a significant role, which is why I was delighted that the Prime Minister and the Secretary of State chose to launch their nuclear strategy in my constituency—I can only assume that my invite was lost in the post.
A key part of the nuclear fuel strategy is the nuclear fuel industry in this country.
From the aggressive actions of Russia and other countries that have pushed western commercial providers out and dominated elements of the nuclear fuel enrichment and manufacturing market, we see that it is ever more important for our national security that we develop whole-of-lifecycle nuclear fuel production.
When will the Government announce the concrete steps that they will take, as part of the strategy, to improve the whole-of-lifecycle manufacturing of nuclear power?
He needs an Adjournment debate.
The hon.
Gentleman makes a good point.