Her job now is to govern and mine is to hold her to account.
Our country needs everybody who can work to do so.
That principle should be at the heart of our welfare system.
It is good for the taxpayer, good for the economy and good for the individual and their family, who benefit from security, dignity and purpose that work brings, and it means that those who genuinely cannot work get the support that they deserve.
The fact is that fewer people work under Labour.
That has happened every time Labour has been in office, and it is already happening now.
The Government should have taken their time in opposition to come  up with meaningful reforms, but they did not, and the country is already paying the price.
I personally like the hon.
Lady a great deal, but her entire response seemed to be railing against her own party’s failings and lamenting action that her party failed to take. “
Too little, too late,” will indeed be the epitaph of the Conservative party.
One thing on which I agree with her that this is a now-or-never moment, and I am proud that this Government are taking it.
We are taking decisive action, ducking the challenges that have been ignored for too long.
I am not interested in being tough.
This is about real people with real lives, and we must be careful in how we talk about it.
I am interested in taking the right steps   to change the system in order to transform people’s lives and, crucially, ensure that we have a social security system that lasts.
One in three of us will have a health condition in our lifetime, and one in four is disabled.
Unless the country, the welfare state, the world of work and all our public services wake up to that fact, the welfare state that the Labour party created will not be there for future generations.
That is what we are determined to secure.
This is a substantial package of measures that will save around £5 billion by 2029-30.
We will have to wait until the OBR comes up with its final costings on all this at the spring statement.
I leave hon.
Members with this: a decade ago, former Chancellor George Osborne said:
“Governments…let…unemployed people get parked on disability benefits, and told they’d never work again.
Why?
Because people on disability benefits don’t get counted in unemployment figures that could embarrass politicians.”
The Labour party is not embarrassed about this situation; we are ashamed of the state the Tories left the country in.
We will face up to our responsibilities; it is time that Conservative Members did the same.
I call the Chair of the Work and Pensions Committee.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for her statement.
I absolutely agree: our social security system is not fit for purpose.
The measures, particularly those to increase employment support by £1 billion a year and to increase the standard allowance of universal credit, which the Opposition failed to do in government, will be positively felt.
I appreciate the difficult financial circumstances that we face.
Despite the Opposition’s assertion that £5 billion is not a huge figure, this is the largest cut in social security support since 2015.
There are alternative and more compassionate ways to balance the books, rather than on the backs of disabled people.
I absolutely and fundamentally believe that my right hon.
Friend is on the right course, but I implore my party to try to bed in our reforms before we make the cuts, as others have asked.
There is so much evidence of the adverse effects that the Conservative party had through cuts to support and restrictions to eligibility criteria when it was in government, including the deaths of vulnerable people.
That cannot be repeated.
I would be grateful if my right hon.