Gentleman on the wider point, however, as we are going to have to build infrastructure across the country to get the benefits of the renewable energy that we are generating, and battery storage is important for that.
Of course communities have a voice through the planning system and it would be wrong for me to comment on individual applications, but the hon.
Gentleman and his colleagues must remember that we cannot simply block every infrastructure project that needs to be built.
We need to build for the economic growth of the country and for our energy security.
Once again the Minister has failed to answer the question about the cost estimate, but we do know that the Government’s dogma-driven 2030 target will drive up costs and that we will see pylons and substations imposed in Walpole in my constituency and across the country against the wishes of local people.
That will damage our countryside and it relies on Chinese supply chains, which the Energy Secretary visited only over the weekend.
When will the Government realise that their approach of ruling out underground options and attempting to buy off local communities on the cheap, rather than listening to them, will only drive opposition to their plans?
Once again, we hear from Conservative Members about all these grand plans that they wish they had done in the 14 years that they were in government.
They could have moved forward on undergrounding if they were so keen on it, but of course they did not.
The  reality is that it is for individual companies, not us, to set forward the design of individual projects, and cost estimates for undergrounding are five or 10 times more expensive.
The bottom line on all of this is that the leader of the hon.
Member’s party earlier today moved away from the commitments that she had made on net zero.
Just a few years ago, she said that
“Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has made it clear that relying on authoritarian regimes”
can make it
“harder…to heat our homes”.
They recognised then the importance of this net zero transition; now they are running away from how we deliver on it.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee, Bill Esterson.
UK electricity bills are the highest in Europe compared to gas.
Evidence given to the Select Committee suggests that the Government are absolutely right to reduce our reliance on fossil fuels, and it is a shame that some Opposition Members have abandoned an evidence-informed approach to policymaking.
Can the Minister confirm whether the Government are considering rebalancing the infrastructure levies on our energy bills, as a way of reducing electricity bills in the immediate future and as a down payment towards 2030 and beyond?
The Select Committee Chair makes an important point.
Along with the Minister for Energy Consumers, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Peckham (Miatta Fahnbulleh) , I am looking at all options, because it is important that we bring down bills and that we are building an energy system that protects us from the volatile fossil fuel markets in the future.
There are trade-offs to be made when rebalancing that we need to be aware of, in particular whether a diminishing number of gas customers can pay bills if we were to transfer levies, but we are looking at all options and are, of course, looking at how we review with Ofgem the wider question of standing charges to make sure we bring down bills.
My hon.
Friend is right to say of the journey that we are on—and that the Conservative party used to be on, and on which there used to be consensus—that our transition to net zero is important for energy security and for the climate, but also for protecting bills in the long term.