We will look at CB7, but the biggest cost we face as a country is if we do not act on the climate crisis.
That is what would leave hundreds of billions of pounds of costs to future generations.
The right hon.
Gentleman might be content with signing our energy sovereignty over to the People’s Republic of China, and he might be happy with his Government’s arbitrary targets and bans, pushing bills up and leaving us more reliant on importing and costing jobs, but we think it is time for a new approach, as the Leader of the Opposition said this morning, focused on security and cost to the consumer, not pie-in-the-sky targets with no plan to reach them.
Will he recommission the review into the whole-systems cost?
If not, what is he trying to hide?
It is the Tory party that has an energy surrender policy: surrendering us to fossil fuel markets controlled by petrostates and dictators.
The Tories would keep us locked in to fossil fuels, threaten billions of pounds of investment in net zero and leave our children and grandchildren a terrible legacy.
That is the Conservative party in 2025: anti-jobs, anti-growth, anti-business and anti-future generations.
I welcome the plans brought forward last week to provide money off for people living near new energy infrastructure.
Does the Minister agree that this is yet another thing that the Conservatives promised, but never had the ability to deliver?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that we have moved forward on delivering our plan that people hosting important infrastructure in their constituencies should benefit from it.
The Conservatives consulted on it, like so many policies that they talked and talked and talked about, but failed to deliver over 14 years—we are moving on with delivering it.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
In the recent advice for its seventh carbon budget, the Climate Change Committee highlighted the urgency of ensuring cheaper electricity so that households can transition away from gas heating.
When will the Government act to improve energy security and reduce costs for the households seeking to adopt low-carbon heating by reforming policy costs on energy bills?
As we discussed earlier, the CCC raised an important issue that we need to look at.
The key question on this so-called rebalancing is that it must be looked at in the context of understanding the principled case, while also ensuring that if we go down that or another route, we do so in a way that is fair.
That is the work that my Department is engaged on.
I have recently met a number of families who are members of the British Coal staff superannuation scheme.
While I know they will welcome the Minister’s earlier comments, as has been said, many are in their 70s and 80s, and they are keen for answers.
Could the Minister expand on her earlier comments to say more about the next steps and when my constituents might get a sense of the timeline and progress going forward?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his concern for his constituents.
As I said, I am very receptive to calls from BCSSS trustees.
I wrote to the Chancellor, who sent back a positive response, and we are now taking the next steps in this process.
I will be reconvening trustees to meet and talk about it again.
Martin, a disabled resident, lives in his park home in Maidenhead.
After his boiler broke down two months ago, he has faced significant challenges.
He is unable to apply for the boiler upgrade scheme, as park homes do not get energy performance certificates, and the National Energy Foundation, which visited him three weeks ago, has still not provided him with a response.
Will the Secretary of State outline what support he can give Martin and other elderly residents without heat or hot water?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.