We must break that reliance.
We have to wean ourselves off this rollercoaster of price spikes and price falls, which is harming consumers across the country.
The sprint to clean power will achieve that.
It is a shame that he cannot see that.
I call the shadow Minister.
Consumers are concerned about the rising energy price cap.
What will the Secretary of State do to strengthen existing energy schemes and initiate new schemes?
Will it include delivering the £300 reduction in energy bills that Labour promised during the general election?
We know that households are struggling with bills and are worried about them.
That is why we are doing everything we can to bear down on bills.
We are doing that not just because it is a manifesto commitment, but because it matters to households across the country.
While we sprint to clean power—we are clear that that is the route to bearing down on bills—we will support households.
Whether it is the £500 million agreement we made with energy suppliers, the extension of the warm home discount to more than 6 million households, or the debt support we are providing to consumers with energy debt, we are taking short-term action.
Let me be clear that the way we get ourselves out of this bind is by delivering clean power for consumers across the country.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of the COP29 agreement.
I thank my hon.
Friend for her continued interest in this issue.
Despite significant challenges, COP29 agreed a new climate finance goal and finalised guidance on international carbon markets.
We would have liked more progress in certain areas, such as on mitigation outcomes.
We look forward to playing an important role in the run-up to COP30 in Belém, to ensure that more progress is made.
Tackling climate change should matter to all of us because it affects all of us.
At COP29, the UK led the way on setting strong climate targets.
How is the Minister ensuring that measures are in place to track progress against our COP commitments?
How is she working with businesses, local authorities and industry to deliver on those targets and drive investment?
My hon.
Friend is right: we earn the credibility that enables us to show international leadership by delivering at home.
In due course we will publish a cross-economy plan for meeting our climate targets, which will outline the policies that are needed to meet our 2035 nationally determined contribution, and we are engaging with a range of stakeholders on delivery through, for instance, the Net Zero Council, which has a very busy work programme, and the local net zero delivery group.
What assessment has the Minister made of the COP29 commitment to tripling finance for developing countries from the previous goal of $100 billion to $300 billion a year by 2035, and what is the United Kingdom’s contribution to that sum?
It is always a pleasure to answer questions from the hon.
Member.
We remain committed to international climate finance, and to the new climate finance goal agreed at COP29.
The level of the UK’s contribution will be considered in the spending review, when we will also consider how we can maximise investment from the private sector.
What steps he is taking to support the development of carbon capture and storage technology.
What steps he is taking to support the development of carbon capture and storage technology.
The £21.7 billion of funding to which we committed in October will kick-start the carbon capture, usage and storage industry, supporting thousands of jobs in our industrial heartlands through the east coast and HyNet clusters.
We continue to engage with important future projects, such as Acorn in Scotland and Viking in the Humber, and we will make further announcements following the spending review.
As my right hon.
Friend will recognise, Merseyside is a clean energy pioneer, a hub of carbon capture and hydrogen technology.