In addition to funding our youth guarantee through the £240 million Get Britain Working plan, we will consult on delaying access to the health top-up in universal credit until someone is aged 22, reinvesting the savings into work support and training opportunities, so that every young person is earning or learning and on a pathway to success.
The Conservatives left a broken benefits system that is failing the people who depend on it and our country as a whole.
The status quo is unacceptable, but it is not inevitable.
We were elected on a mandate for change to end the sticking-plaster approach and tackle the root causes of problems in this country, which have been ignored for too long.
We believe in the value and potential of every single person: we all have something positive to contribute and can make a difference, whether that is in paid work, in our families or in our communities alongside our neighbours and friends.
We will unleash potential in every corner of the land, because we are as ambitious for the British people as they are for themselves.
Today we take decisive action, and I commend this statement to the House.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I thank the Secretary of State for advance sight of her statement.
She and I agree on one thing: the welfare bill  is too high.
Left unchecked, it will rise to £100 billion by the end of the decade.
Spending more on sickness benefits than we do on defence is not the sign of a strong country.
This is not just a question of money.
We have 3 million people of working-age who are not in work due to ill health, not filling the roles businesses need, not contributing to our economy and not fulfilling their own potential.
The best way to get the welfare bill down is to get people off benefits and into work.
That is what we did year after year after taking office in 2010.
Despite the once-in-a-century pandemic, 4 million more people were in employment when we left office than when we inherited Labour’s mess.
Before the pandemic, economic inactivity was at an historic low, but it is true that we then started to see a new phenomenon: growing numbers of people, and—particularly worryingly—young people, claiming sickness benefits.
A system set up with good intentions to protect the most vulnerable in society has over time morphed into something broader, driven in part by a well-intentioned but not always helpful medicalisation of life’s ups and downs.
In government, we identified the problem and worked up plans to tackle it, but at every point Labour Members opposed them.
In fact, the now Chancellor said that not one single penny could be saved from benefits.
When they came into office, not only did they cancel or delay pretty much everything we handed over, but they had no plans of their own.
They walked into the Department with empty notebooks.
All they had done in opposition was oppose, instead of the hard work of coming up with their own answers.
That is why the country has had to wait another eight months for this announcement.
In that time, taxpayers have shelled out £7 billion in extra sickness benefits, and nearly half a million people have been signed off sick.
In fact, 60 people were signed on to sickness benefits while the Secretary of State was talking.
None the less, I have been looking forward to hearing what the right hon.
Lady would announce today and which of the many things briefed to the media her spinning policy wheel would eventually land on.
Governing is hard—we know that.