There is a race on for the good jobs of the future, and the clean energy transition can provide them.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
COP29 concluded with a deal that, while welcome, leaves much to be desired.
I must stress that we need bolder, more decisive action if we are to face the greatest challenge of our time: the climate crisis.
I know that the right hon.
Gentleman’s heart is in the right place and has been for many years.
We first met in the run-up to COP15 in 2009, and I express my thanks to him for his staunch leadership in the intervening years.
I express Lib Dem support for a brave programme of action going forward and our willingness to work with his Department to help the UK step up and seize this opportunity for climate leadership.
While we welcome the Prime Minister’s commitment to ambitious emissions targets for 2035, commitments alone are not enough.
Immediate action is needed to insulate homes, reduce energy costs and ensure that no one has to choose between heating and eating.
The delay to Labour’s warm homes plan until spring 2025 is unacceptable when millions of people, including 1.2 million pensioners, face a cold and unaffordable winter due to the cut in the winter fuel allowance.
In my South Cotswolds constituency and all across the UK, we have seen at first hand the devastating effects of climate change, and never more so than over the last few days, with floods and storms becoming more frequent and severe.
Towns and villages in my constituency, such as Purton, Great Somerford and Cirencester, have been severely affected by flooding, and we need urgent action now to mitigate climate change and help our communities adapt to the likely impacts now and in the future.
I associate myself with the thanks already expressed to the brave men and women of our emergency services in the aftermath of Storm Bert.
Climate leadership must prioritise solutions that protect communities and restore nature.
Natural flood defences, such as wetlands—
You have used your two minutes.
My apologies—I thought I had five minutes.
The Whips need to be giving you better instruction.
May I finish with a question?
Will the Secretary of State commit to including natural flood defences as a central part of the £5.2 billion flood defence spending to ensure that communities like those in the South Cotswolds are better protected from the worsening impacts of climate change while addressing biodiversity loss?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question and support for ambitious action, which is important.
Let me pick out a couple of the points she made.
First, the point about the devastating effects of the climate crisis already being apparent is important.
Part of the danger is that those effects will end up being the new normal, and we will just think of them as part of life.
They are part of life in a sense and, as she said, we need the right flood defences in place and so on, but we also need to realise that those effects will get significantly worse if we do not act.
Future generations will, frankly, hold us in infamy, saying, “You knew about the scale of the devastation and had seen a preview of what was to come, and you decided you couldn’t act,” so she is absolutely right.
Secondly, let me gently correct the hon.
Lady on the warm homes plan.
We are getting on with the warm homes plan; indeed, announcements were made last week about actions that will help over 300,000 families benefit from homes upgrades next year.
There were announcements about heat pumps and a whole range of actions to help families do better and lower their energy bills.
I will make one more point, which is part of what the hon.
Lady was saying: this is a climate crisis and a nature crisis.
It is a climate and biodiversity crisis.