He may not want to acknowledge this, but for the past 14 years, we have been a global leader.
We are the only major economy to have halved carbon emissions since 1990.
In that same time, America’s emissions have stayed the same and China’s have tripled.
However, we have seen that countries are not persuaded just by Britain going further, faster; they are persuaded by prosperity, and by living standards.
We account for 1% of global emissions, and I fear that if he continues down the path that he has set out, our country will face hardship, and there will be no point in being world-leading because nobody will want to follow our lead.
He would make us a warning, not an example to others.
Let us start with what the Secretary of State announced at the conference of the parties.
He has set out a new target of cutting our greenhouse gas emissions by 81% by 2035.
However, what we did not hear in his statement is how much this will cost the British people.
The independent Climate Change Committee says that that target will  require people to eat less meat and dairy, take fewer flights, and swap their boilers for heat pumps and their petrol cars for electric vehicles at a pace that will require taxes and mandation.
Even the Chair of the Select Committee has acknowledged that people will be forced to change their lives.
But the Secretary of State says not to worry, as he will deliver all the savings through energy policy, and those plans will lead to higher growth, a cut in bills, job creation and stronger national security, but when it comes to his plans, none of those things is true.
The independent Institute for Fiscal Studies has already said that his climate plans will not lead to growth.
The National Energy System Operator’s report shows that his rush for clean power in 2030 will add eye-watering costs to our energy system, and that despite those very expensive costs, it would still leave gas pricing the system around 50% of the time—or it would leave the equivalent of millions of homes in the dark waiting for the wind to blow.
I do not think that that is anybody’s idea of energy or national security.
The Secretary of State does not have to take my word for it.
The head of offshore wind development at RWE, one of the country’s largest wind developers, has warned that the Secretary of State’s rush to meet his 2030 target will lead to price spikes, with consumers losing out.
The chief executive of Octopus has warned about the £6 billion in costs that consumers will have to pay, because the right hon.
Gentleman wants to build renewables without reforming the grid.
The former head of MI6 has warned the Secretary of State—[Interruption.]
This is worth listening to.
He said that from the point of view of national security, the Secretary of State is pursuing
“a completely crazy energy policy”.
The Secretary of State’s plans to make our energy expensive and unreliable will see jobs fleeing to more polluting countries, because it is cheap energy and innovation that matter in the race for jobs.
We need only ask China, which dominates clean tech supply chains and is the world’s largest polluter.
That is where billions of pounds of our taxpayers’ money will be going to pay for his rushed transition—from our country, with all the investment that it has made in clean power, to a country still 60% powered by coal.
We are talking about low growth, high bills, jobs lost and even blackouts, for more carbon in the atmosphere.
That is the opposite of what he has been promising.
In Baku, while the Secretary of State was signing us up to these targets without talking about what they will do to the lives of British people, he was also signing away billions of pounds of taxpayers’ money.