I will make one more point, which is part of what the hon.
Lady was saying: this is a climate crisis and a nature crisis.
It is a climate and biodiversity crisis.
It was  a bit disappointing that the nature part of the agenda at COP did not get the attention it deserved, and that will be important for COP30 in Brazil.
I call the Chair of the Environmental Audit Committee.
No one can doubt the leadership that the Prime Minister and the Secretary of State showed in Baku, and they deserve great credit for that.
The Secretary of State is right that there is a danger of overselling the achievements of the COP.
Developing nations have been critical about the financial agreement that was reached, and the commitments made in Paris on fossil fuels were not followed through, as he said.
What are the main barriers right now to getting the action and pace of action that are needed?
Does he have confidence that in Rio we will see the real breakthrough that the world is waiting for?
My hon.
Friend asks absolutely the right question.
The truth on the finance side is that this represents a significant scaling up at a time when developed and developing countries face extreme pressures on the public finances.
There is a significant development whereby the flows to multilateral development banks from large emitters, such as China, will now count towards the overall finance goal.
That is a big change and a big step forward.
On the transition away from fossil fuels, the barrier is that some countries are worried about what it means for them—that is totally understandable.
Some countries think it will be problematic for their prosperity.
The truth is that we will just have to make better efforts with the majority of countries that want to see action prevail at next year’s COP, and that will involve hard yards.
Finally, we must have a campaign for—this is something we will work on with Brazil—ambitious NDCs because it is crucial that that is the job of the next COP.
I commend to the Secretary of State “The UK Small Island Developing States Strategy” report, which was produced by the International Development Committee just before Parliament was dissolved for the general election.
A key focus of that report is the need to support those island states not just at COP, but all the time by the UK being an advocate for their needs and requirements across the international community.
The right hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right, and he speaks with customary eloquence on the issue.
This is literally an existential issue for the small island states.
Their testimony at COP was compelling and deeply distressing, and that is why the finance deal is important.
It was not everything they wanted, but it is a step forward.
I welcome the Secretary of State’s statement today and the agreement reached at COP29 in Baku.
He and I go back a long way on COP, so we know what it is like when it goes wrong.
I particularly welcome the nationally determined contribution to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions by 81% by 2035.
Does he agree that the fundamental reason we have leadership on the global stage now, as distinct from what we have had for the past 14 years, is  not just because of the target, but because we have a plan?
This COP was supposed to be about implementation, and where we lead on implementation, others will follow.
My hon.
Friend is right.
She was with me at Copenhagen, and I definitely had Copenhagen post-traumatic stress disorder at the talks at various moments in the middle of the night.
Her point about the target and actions is absolutely right, and there is global recognition that this Government have upped the pace in the multiple ways I described in my statement, and that is incredibly important.