I relayed these points to the Israeli deputy Foreign Minister yesterday.
The horrors endured by the 97 Israelis and foreign nationals held hostage by Hamas terrorists in Gaza for over 13 months are unthinkable.
Given that the efforts to secure their release have not yet been successful, what further steps is the United Kingdom taking to bring home Emily Damari, a 28-year-old British citizen, and the rest of the captives?
I am sure that the whole House will join me in saying to those families that we, as a House and a Government, will do absolutely everything we can.
The horrors of being a hostage family are unbearable, and we have them in our mind each and every day.
We are disappointed that talks to secure hostage releases appear to have stalled for the moment.
We are urging all parties to return to the table.
A deal remains the best prospect and we hope to work with our allies to see that come through.
On Friday, on account of a negative vote cast by a permanent member, the Security Council failed to adopt a text put forward by its 10 elected members calling for an immediate, unconditional and permanent ceasefire in Gaza and demanding the release of all hostages.
That is extremely disappointing, as it condemns thousands of people in the middle east to ongoing conflict and moves no further forward to securing the release of the hostages held by Hamas in Gaza, although I and many of my constituents welcome the fact that the UK voted for that resolution.
What will the Minister’s next steps be in achieving greater global agreement on securing peace, a ceasefire and the release of the hostages?
This Government will continue to do everything we can to press for a ceasefire, the release of all hostages and a reduction in violence in the middle east.
The Foreign Secretary discussed these matters in the G7 and I discussed them with my Israeli counterpart yesterday, and we will continue to take all steps across a wide range of different conversations to try to advance the ceasefire that we so desperately need.
I call the shadow Foreign Secretary.
Last week, I spoke with Mandy Damari.
The Minister has mentioned Emily, and I know the Foreign Secretary and his team have been in touch with the family as well.
She and many  other hostage families are going through the most unimaginable suffering, so can the Minister, on behalf of the Foreign Secretary, confirm whether any aid organisations have had humanitarian access to the hostages, and if not, what pressure is being exerted on those agencies?
Clearly, welfare concerns are paramount, but these poor families are also suffering unimaginable horrors and our aid budget needs to be spent in the right way, so can the Minister tell us what work is being undertaken?
Regrettably, no organisation has had access to the hostages.
We continue to call for access for the International Committee of the Red Cross and any other appropriate non-governmental organisation in the usual way.
Let us be clear: Hamas hold these hostages, and they are behaving abominably and outwith any international norm.
They are not abiding by any convention that we could think of.
We will continue to press them to ensure that there is the required access to British nationals, but it is regrettable for the whole House that we are in this position.
What recent discussions he has had with his EU counterparts on security and defence co-operation.
The Foreign Secretary attended the EU Foreign Affairs Council on  14 October .
In the margins, he agreed with Josep Borrell, the EU High Representative for foreign affairs, to work towards a security partnership and committed to six-monthly foreign policy dialogues, starting in early 2025.
Yesterday, I met Secretary-General Sannino of the European External Action Service to discuss, alongside ministerial colleagues, some of our vital shared interests, including Ukraine, hybrid threats and the western Balkans.