I can tell the hon.
Gentleman that our programme budget for the FCDO in 2025-26 will actually be at its highest level in recent years.
We are able to deliver that because this Government are taking action on the issues that the previous Government did not tackle, in particular the in-donor refugee costs that have eaten into that budget.
We just saw gimmicks; we did not see action.
Instead, the new Government are taking action.
The humanitarian crisis in Sudan is horrific, and it is clear that rape is being used as a weapon of war.
Recent data from Médecins Sans Frontières highlights that 90% of sexual violence survivors in a hospital in Chad were abused by armed perpetrators, and 50% were attacked in their homes.
This is happening in 2024.
Can the Foreign Secretary provide details on how the UK’s recent pledges on humanitarian aid for Sudan and the region are being used to support survivors of sexual and gender-based violence?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that incredibly concerning situation.
The UK has been determined to do all that it can, particularly in relation to conflict-related sexual violence.
In October 2024, it was the UK that led moves to secure the renewal of the mandate of the fact-finding mission at the United Nations Human Rights Council.
As was just mentioned, we recently doubled humanitarian aid, and the Foreign Secretary also led efforts at the UN Security Council to take action on the humanitarian emergency in Sudan.
I welcome the shadow Minister.
The Government appear to be in a complete tailspin over whether they will release the costs that will fall to the British taxpayer as a result of the rushed deal to give away the British Chagos islands.
Given the reported trip to Mauritius by the special envoy, Jonathan Powell, can the Minister at least confirm today which budget the costs will come from, including whether they intend to use the aid budget?
Will she tell the House how much it will cost each year and in total, and if the British Chagossians will actually have a genuine say?
Would it not make more sense to keep these strategically important islands under the Crown, rather than the secretive deal negotiated?
No deal is better than a bad deal.
My understanding is that there were actually 10 rounds of negotiations under the Conservatives, but we did not see the UK reaching the necessary agreements.
This is a frankly bizarre argument coming from the Opposition.
All the details of the situation are in the public domain, and quite rightly so.
This is part of the UK ensuring that we follow international law.
What recent progress he has made on helping to secure the release of Alaa Abd el-Fattah.
We are committed to securing consular access and the release of Mr el-Fattah.
We continue to raise Mr el-Fattah’s case at the highest levels with the Egyptian Government.
The Prime Minister raised this with President Sisi on  8 August , and I last raised it with the Egyptian Foreign Minister yesterday.
I thank the Foreign Secretary for his answer.
Alaa Abd el-Fattah’s mother, Laila Soueif, is in the Gallery today on the 58th day of her hunger strike in protest at the continued imprisonment of her son, a  British citizen, whose prison sentence in Egypt ended in September.
I am sure that the Foreign Secretary feels the same as me and understands that Laila wants to know that her Government are doing everything they can to bring her son home.
Will the Foreign Secretary guarantee that the UK Government will put a hold on any new economic or financial partnerships with Egypt unless and until British national Alaa Abd el-Fattah is freed?
I look forward to meeting Mr el-Fattah’s mother later on today.
I reassure my hon.