Furthermore, the UK was instrumental in the adoption of the Iran human rights resolution at the UN Third Committee last week.
The resolution calls on Iran to establish a moratorium on executions and to end reprisals against women human rights defenders.
The Government have indicated that they would arrest the democratically elected Prime Minister of Israel.
Doing so would contradict an Act of Parliament and breach state and diplomatic immunity.
Will the Foreign Secretary tell the House whether he believes compliance with the ICC’s decision sets a precedent for future decisions of a similar nature?
Is he not concerned that he is contradicting international norms?
We considered this question at exhaustive length yesterday.
I repeat that the shadow Attorney General has written on the question of which elements of international law are most properly followed in this case, and the Attorney General is set to respond, although we suspect that this case would go to the courts in the usual way.
My constituent, the British citizen Jimmy Lai, is in failing health, and I thank the Foreign Secretary and his Department for all their work to uphold his rights under international law.
Can the Foreign Secretary share his assessment of the scale of international support for Jimmy Lai’s release?
“Massive” is probably the word I would use.
His case is being raised in America and across the European Union, and we are raising it too.
His trial has begun, and he is now well into his 70s, which is why I have made the case to the Chinese that he should be released.
This is becoming cruel and unusual punishment, frankly.
The International Criminal Court has confirmed what we have all known for months, which is that the Israeli Government, under the leadership of Benjamin Netanyahu, have unleashed a concerted campaign of crimes against humanity on innocent Palestinian civilians.
This is no longer a question of which side we are on, or of who is right or wrong.
It is cold, hard legal fact, and we cannot allow it.
Can the Secretary of State assure us that the Government are considering appropriate action against Netanyahu and Gallant to properly hold them to account?
Too long.
I can assure my hon.
Friend  the Member for Tooting (Dr Allin-Khan)  that the UK Government intend to stand by our international obligations in relation to the ICC, and in relation to many other things, too.
After the issuing of the arrest warrants against Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu, can the Foreign Secretary confirm when the Government will impose the scale of sanctions on Israel, not just individuals, that the Government rightly imposed on Russia after the ICC issued an arrest warrant against Putin?
A war crime is a war crime, and an arrest warrant is an arrest warrant.
All lives are equal, and we must ensure that there can be no accusations of double standards.
Since the Government took office in July, I hope it has been clear how important questions of international law are to us, how soberly we treat these issues and how we ensure that in all matters, including in relation to the ICC cases that my hon.
Friend describes, we follow due process, which is what we intend to do in relation to the ICC.
The civil war in Sudan is estimated to have killed around 150,000 people and displaced 14 million.
UNICEF and the UN World Food Programme say that, unless efforts are stepped up, more than 700,000 children are projected to suffer acute malnutrition, so can the Minister tell us what steps the UK is taking as the UN penholder to end this malnutrition and support the Sudanese?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this.
The Foreign Secretary recently co-led a resolution on the protection of civilians in Sudan.
Unfortunately, despite 14 votes in favour, Russia vetoed that resolution.