We are talking about low growth, high bills, jobs lost and even blackouts, for more carbon in the atmosphere.
That is the opposite of what he has been promising.
In Baku, while the Secretary of State was signing us up to these targets without talking about what they will do to the lives of British people, he was also signing away billions of pounds of taxpayers’ money.
He signed us up to a $300 billion annual climate finance target.
I am afraid that it is not credible to say that taxpayers will not have to pay more.
They will have to pay more, and they deserve to know how much more.
Will he tell us today what that new target will mean for British taxpayers?
Considering the increase in the target, the public will rightly question why countries such as Russia and particularly China, now the world’s largest polluter and second largest by historical standards, will not be obliged to pay a penny—I think he tried to insist that they would, but it is very clear that they will not be obliged at all to pay in—while Britain, which has invested billions in cutting its emissions and accounts for only 1% of global emissions, will have to pay more.
Will the Secretary of State also set out an assessment of the   impact of increased reliance on coal-powered Chinese imports for his 2030 zero carbon plans, and of what that means for global emissions?
The Secretary of State is not being honest with the British public.
He promised them £300 off their energy bills by 2030, but just weeks ago, he whipped his Labour MPs to vote down that pledge.
He took away the winter fuel payment, despite promising that the elderly would be looked after under his energy policy, and he now says that he can achieve stronger climate targets in a way that will require zero cost from the public.
This is not a recipe for climate leadership, but a recipe for higher bills and lost jobs, and it will be a disaster for the British public.
I just remind those on the Front Benches that the reply to a statement should last no longer than five minutes.
Oh dear, oh dear!
Let me deal with the shadow Secretary of State’s questions, such as they are.
Let us start with our nationally determined contribution, announced at the conference of the parties.
It is so interesting that she now opposes it, because the 2035 NDC announced by the Prime Minister is exactly the target that her Government legislated for in 2021, in the sixth carbon budget, which covers 2035.
She is now opposing the very target that her Government put into law, and that she claimed, just a few months ago, that she was working towards as Secretary of State.
There is a pattern here, Mr Speaker.
Every week, the right hon.
Lady takes to Twitter to express her outrage about a policy, asking, “Who on earth could support this?”
Every week, someone pops up in her replies and says politely, “You did, just a few months back.”
It is not the only time that she has done this.
Last week, she came out against the clean heat market mechanism—another policy that she proposed. [
Interruption.]
She says not, but I have a statement from her from only eight months ago, in which she said that the clean heat market mechanism would be introduced in April 2025, which is exactly what this Government are doing.
The truth is that she will leap on any passing bandwagon, even if it means trashing her record.
Let me give the shadow Secretary of State a little lesson about opposition.
The job of the Opposition is to oppose the Government, not to oppose themselves.
This is where she has ended up: out the window goes any commitment to climate action.