Let me give the shadow Secretary of State a little lesson about opposition.
The job of the Opposition is to oppose the Government, not to oppose themselves.
This is where she has ended up: out the window goes any commitment to climate action.
She is ignoring the fact that it is a route to energy security, good jobs and lower bills, ignoring the fact that it is backed by business, and ignoring the fact that this country has an honourable tradition of bipartisan consensus on the issue.
I am happy to say that the previous Government proposed some ambitious targets, and that COP26 was an important milestone for the world.
This is not just irresponsible, and not just crass opportunism; it has helped take the Conservative party down to its worst election defeat in 200 years, so this approach will not work for her.
Let me tell the shadow Secretary of State what the clean energy superpower mission means for Britain.
It means cleaning up our power system, so that we do not leave the country exposed to fossil fuels, as the previous Government did.
It means new jobs in carbon capture  and storage as we decarbonise industry and re-industrialise.
It means energy efficiency in homes, meaning lower bills, warmer homes and lower emissions.
As for the NESO report that she talked about, I know that it is deeply disappointing to her, but we have an independent report that says that 2030 is achievable—she said that it was not.
It also says that it will give us energy security—she says that it will not.
It also says that it can lead to lower electricity, which she constantly denies.
The truth about the right hon.
Lady is that she has nothing to say.
The Conservative party is basically saying, “Stop the world—we want to get off.”
That will do nothing for the British people.
She has a lot to learn.
I am afraid to say that she needs to start reflecting on where her Government went wrong.
They went wrong in many different ways, and she does not seem to be learning any lessons.
I call the Chair of the Energy Security and Net Zero Committee.
May I gently say to the shadow Secretary of State that she really should not believe dodgy headlines in The Daily Telegraph?
In fact, I am not sure whether headlines in The Daily Telegraph are ever not dodgy, based on what she was quoting.
More importantly, though, let me congratulate the Prime Minister on his leadership at the conference of the parties, and the Secretary of State on leading the negotiations, and not least on delivering the £300 billion of climate finance for developing countries.
He set out this country’s achievement since the general election; to what extent will the combination of what this country showed at COP and what we have delivered at home since  4 July  encourage countries around the world to play their part in addressing the climate crisis?
My hon.
Friend asks an important question.
Two truths came out of COP: first, the transition is unstoppable and, secondly, it is not going fast enough.
There is such a difference from a decade ago—my hon.
Friend, who was there with me, is nodding in agreement—because every country knows that the climate crisis is happening and is affecting them.
The testimony I heard was like the testimony that we could provide about what people are seeing.
Every country knows they have to act, and while they all face constraints in acting, they also know—this is the big change from a decade ago—that it is massively in their economic interests.
There is a race on for the good jobs of the future, and the clean energy transition can provide them.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
COP29 concluded with a deal that, while welcome, leaves much to be desired.