Our support for the ICC does not limit the actions we take in relation to the other issues.
We have already talked about hostages this morning and about the vital importance of the ceasefire, and we will continue to—
Order.
I call Alan Strickland.
I thank the Foreign Secretary for his leadership in tackling and sanctioning those aiding and abetting the illegal invasion of Ukraine, but what more can we do to tackle the wider issues of corruption and kleptocracy that define Putin’s cronies?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
He served in Haringey before taking up his place in this House and we have been good friends over many years.
He is right to raise this issue.
We said that illicit finance would be a priority, and it will be.
I hope to make further announcements on the back of the sanctions announcements that I made this week.
With World Aids Day approaching, I am sure the whole House will agree on the impact that the Global Fund has had on tackling HIV and AIDS globally.
With our replenishment coming next year, will Ministers commit to the UK continuing to make a significant contribution to the Global Fund?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for his question and for the leadership that he has shown on this issue, along with others across the House.
The UK is determined to see successful replenishments for all the health-related funds, and we have announced with the WHO just this week that we are definitely going to do that.
Innovation plays a key role in tackling hunger.
Can the Minister expand on what efforts we are taking to tackle hunger and how we are supporting innovators such as Alora, based at Norwich Research Park, which is using revolutionary technology to create the world’s first ocean agriculture system?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this.
We have incredible facilities in Norwich working on agricultural innovation, and they are important not only for global food production but for UK farmers.
The research is used intensively by our local farmers as well as by others globally.
It is ridiculous that Britain should even contemplate taking some of the 61 Sri Lankan asylum seekers on Diego Garcia as part of its agreement with Mauritius.
There are serious concerns in Whitehall that some of those Sri Lankans have criminal records, and there are allegations that some of them may be involved in child abuse.
I have raised this with the Home Office to no avail.
Will Ministers in the Foreign Office make sure that all records are checked in Sri Lanka and in Diego Garcia to ensure that no such criminals or abusers are allowed into Britain?
The Government inherited a situation in the British Indian Ocean Territory involving Tamil migrants from India and Sri Lanka who had arrived there.
We are delivering a solution that protects migrants’ welfare but avoids opening a dangerous new migration route.
The hon.
Gentleman’s concerns regarding safeguarding and any other issues are absolutely at the heart of that and are being dealt with by Home Office and other ministerial colleagues.
My right hon.
Friend will share my concern about the increasing number of women being given death sentences by the Iranian authorities.
What urgent representations will he make to the Iranian Government to overturn those death sentences and ensure that women receive a fair trial?
I can assure my hon.
Friend that His Majesty’s ambassador to Iran will continue to raise this appalling issue directly with Iranian officials in Tehran.
Furthermore, the UK was instrumental in the adoption of the Iran human rights resolution at the UN Third Committee last week.
The resolution calls on Iran to establish a moratorium on executions and to end reprisals against women human rights defenders.
The Government have indicated that they would arrest the democratically elected Prime Minister of Israel.