Does my right hon.
Friend accept that, even if he will not talk about further sanctions today, he can recognise that the threat of annexation is real, and that until we come out clearly in support of an independent Palestinian state, the settlers will continue their violence in the belief that they will eventually achieve the annexation that they want?
I commend my hon.
Friend for standing up on those issues.
Let me be absolutely clear: annexation would be illegal and we would stand opposed to it.
I make that fundamentally clear.
He should be assured that we will continue to speak out both against illegal violence against settlers and against settler expansion.
International law is vital for us to build a platform for a more secure and peaceful world.
Do the Government recognise and support the International Criminal Court’s jurisdiction, and will they co-operate fully with the Court to ensure that it can carry out its work without obstruction?
Yes, 100%.
We come to the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee.
I will also ask my right hon.
Friend about Ben-Gvir and Smotrich, and perhaps if I ask in a different way, we might get an answer.
Lord Cameron of Chipping Norton tells us that before the last general election, the Foreign Office was working up potential sanctions against those two most controversial and infamous settlers and Ministers.
I appreciate that sanctions are kept under  review, but is my right hon.
Friend in a position to tell us when a decision might be made, or if one has already been made, about those Ministers?
I think the previous Foreign Secretary was wrong to talk about sanctions under consideration—particularly to talk about sanctions that he said were under consideration but then did not implement.
I will not get drawn on sanctions policy at the Dispatch Box, but I am pleased that my right hon.
Friend is raising issues of such importance.
Anyone looking can see the strength of feeling in the House.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The comments last week by Finance Minister Smotrich advocating the annexation of the west bank, together with the continuing devastation in northern Gaza, have reinforced the idea that elements of the Israeli Cabinet have no interest in a two-state solution.
There is now a real and imminent risk that the extremists in the Israeli Cabinet will succeed in annexing Palestinian territories before any negotiations can take place.
In the light of that, does the Foreign Secretary agree that now is the time to recognise Palestine?
Yesterday at the G7 meeting in Rome, Foreign Ministers discussed that very issue.
We were united—all of us—in condemning any suggestion of annexation.
We would stand against it.
If he will increase the amount and proportion of official development assistance allocated to humanitarian projects.
The Government are determined to rebuild the UK’s reputation on international development.
We have announced a doubling of support for people hit by the humanitarian emergency in Sudan, as well as providing support for people in Gaza, in Lebanon and in other crisis situations.
The Government’s insistence on continuing to implement the Tories’ deep and damaging cuts to the aid budget and unprecedented levels of ODA spending on in-donor refugee costs is resulting in reductions, pauses and cancellations of overseas ODA projects.
indicated dissent.
I see that the Minister is shaking her head; I look forward to her response.
Does she recognise that the UK Government cannot say they are back on the global stage while these Boris Johnson-inspired policies continue to cut deep into our development policy?
I can tell the hon.
Gentleman that our programme budget for the FCDO in 2025-26 will actually be at its highest level in recent years.
We are able to deliver that because this Government are taking action on the issues that the previous Government did not tackle, in particular the in-donor refugee costs that have eaten into that budget.