That does sometimes involve foreign languages, which is why, for example, we support the BBC World Service.
It was a slightly bizarre question.
We can all agree that ending human trafficking across the English channel requires an approach that is co-ordinated with that of all the countries from which people are being trafficked.
Can the Foreign Secretary assure the House that the French Government share our commitment to smashing the gangs and ending these crossings?
My hon.
Friend will be pleased to hear that I met the French Foreign Minister in London just last week, when we discussed these issues and agreed to co-ordinate better, and that the Home Secretary is working closely with the new French Interior Minister.
I call the shadow Foreign Secretary.
The relationship that the Government are building with China appears to be all give and no take.
In order to convince the House that the situation is different, can the Foreign Secretary tell us what has been achieved with regard to advancing Britain’s interests in respect of security, economic practices and human rights since his recent visits to China, and what he expects to be achieved during his future visits?
I welcome the right hon.
Lady to her place, and also remind her that under the last Government there were about seven different China policies and very little was achieved.
We have had four and a half months.
I was very pleased to be in China discussing issues on which we disagree, on which we agree and on which we challenge China, and I will continue to do that over the coming months and years.
In the light of that response, can the Foreign Secretary state categorically whether, as part of his conversations with Chinese counterparts, the UK Government have explicitly called for the repeal of the national security law in Hong Kong, whether he has specifically called for Jimmy Lai be released, and whether he will ensure that no deals—such as China’s application for a new embassy—can go ahead until Jimmy Lai is free?
I thank the right hon.
Lady for raising the situation in Hong Kong, which formed a substantial part of our conversation.
Of course we raised issues relating to Jimmy Lai—as I have said in the House before—and the security law in Hong Kong.
There are disagreements between us, and we were very clear about that.
The right hon.
Lady can be sure that matters involving both our representation in this country and China’s representation will pass through our system in the usual way without Government interference.
It is  nearly eight months since an attack by the Israel Defence Forces on a World Central Kitchen convoy killed seven aid workers, including three Britons: James Henderson, John Chapman and James Kirby.
Does the Foreign Secretary agree that their families deserve to see accountability and justice for their deaths?
It was very important for me to meet the families of those people a few weeks ago.
The killing of seven World Central Kitchen aid workers, including those British nationals, in an Israeli airstrike on Gaza on  1 April  was appalling, and a matter of great concern.
We continue to urge the Military Advocate General in Israel to proceed with a proper investigation and inquiry, and to get on with it as quickly as possible.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I welcome the Foreign Secretary’s announcement that the UK will sanction Russia’s so-called shadow fleet, but I understand that the UK has not levied a single fine for breach of the existing sanctions on Russia’s oil.
Will the Foreign Secretary and the Chancellor now take more robust action to ensure that UK sanctions are complied with?
I was very pleased to see President Zelensky recognise just yesterday the UK’s leadership in challenging the shadow fleet.
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, I have made this part of my personal mission, and it has involved a record number of oil tankers.