The Foreign Secretary attended the EU Foreign Affairs Council on  14 October .
In the margins, he agreed with Josep Borrell, the EU High Representative for foreign affairs, to work towards a security partnership and committed to six-monthly foreign policy dialogues, starting in early 2025.
Yesterday, I met Secretary-General Sannino of the European External Action Service to discuss, alongside ministerial colleagues, some of our vital shared interests, including Ukraine, hybrid threats and the western Balkans.
President-elect Trump’s confirmation of tariffs on Canada, one of the US’s closest allies, raises serious concerns about his willingness to honour the US-UK special relationship.
If that is the future of US relations with its closest partners, does the Minister agree that closer co-operation with the EU on defence and trade is now urgently needed, including access to the European customs union and the defence pact with the EU, going beyond the recent agreement with Germany?
We have a thriving trading and investment relationship with the United States, with more than 1 million British citizens working for US firms, and vice versa.
We look forward to working with President-elect Trump in office, including on his policy priorities and to improve our trading relations.
Our need to work together in Europe on security issues is clear to all Members, whether that is the threat from Russia, the war in Ukraine, hybrid threats, the situation in Moldova or the situation in the western Balkans, and that is exactly what we are getting on with and doing.
I very much welcome the recent announcement of the UK-Germany bilateral defence agreement, which was signed at record-breaking pace by the new Government at Trinity House last  month.
It will bolster closer working with Europe’s largest economy on wider defence and security matters at a time of increasing Russian aggression across Europe.
With that in mind, can the Minister therefore explain to the House how the Trinity House agreement fits into wider discussions with EU and NATO counterparts around defence and security?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his remarks on that important treaty work; I know he takes a keen interest in matters relating to UK-German relations.
We continue to engage with German colleagues from across the spectrum.
We are keen to get this treaty agreed as soon as possible.
For me, it naturally fits with our NATO membership and the new enhanced dialogue we have with the EU on security and defence matters.
What steps he is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in the middle east.
What steps he is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in the middle east.
The humanitarian situation in Gaza is catastrophic.
The UK’s recent vote for the UN Security Council resolution on Gaza has already been mentioned.
It called for a huge scale-up in aid across Gaza.
We need that aid access, and restrictions on aid are unacceptable.
The International Development Committee heard testimony from Nizam Mamode, a surgeon who has recently returned from the Nasser hospital in Gaza.
He described Israeli drones picking off injured children after bombings.
His account echoed an October New York Times report, which cited 44 doctors, nurses and paramedics who witnessed numerous cases of pre-pubescent children being shot in the head or chest during the ongoing conflict in Gaza.
What steps are the Government taking to prevent a genocide in Gaza?
We have heard a number of deeply concerning reports about developments in Gaza.
I know that has also been the case for the Select Committee, as my hon.
Friend mentioned.
The UK Government’s position could not be clearer: international law, including international humanitarian law, must be held to, and that covers in particular the operations of healthcare workers.
We pay tribute to them operating in such difficult circumstances.
As we have been hearing, the situation in Gaza—especially northern Gaza—is dire, with the UN anticipating that this year up to 60,000 children under the age of five could be facing acute malnutrition.