Friend for raising this.
The Foreign Secretary recently co-led a resolution on the protection of civilians in Sudan.
Unfortunately, despite 14 votes in favour, Russia vetoed that resolution.
We will continue to push on these issues, and we have doubled our aid to Sudan because of the dreadful crisis there.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Earlier, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Argyll, Bute and South Lochaber (Brendan O’Hara)  raised the very serious case of the detention of Alaa Abd el-Fattah, a British passport holder whose family are with us in the Gallery today.
In his response, the Foreign Secretary said that my hon.
Friend has a problem with having a British passport.
There are Members of the House who have very different views about the constitutional future of this country, be they from Scotland, Ireland or Wales, so will you, Mr Speaker, reassure me and my colleagues that regardless of our views about the future, everybody who holds a British passport has the right to be stuck up for by their Member of Parliament?
Does the Foreign Secretary wish to respond?
I confirm that, of course, everybody with a British passport has the right to representation.
I would hope that we are the kind of country that supports all sorts of people in trouble who are in our country, whatever their background.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I shall make a statement about COP29.
May I start by extending my sympathy to all those affected by Storm Bert?
It has been a devastating event for people in different parts of our country, particularly in Wales, and my heart goes out to the families of those who have lost their lives and to all those whose lives have been disrupted.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I also want to take this opportunity to pay tribute to Lord Prescott.
He was a fighter for social justice and a champion of the environment.
He rightfully has global recognition for his role in negotiating the Kyoto protocol, and he showed how politics can change lives for the better.
I send my deepest condolences to Pauline and his family.
The UK attended COP29 to fight for our national interest—speeding up the clean energy transition in the interests of jobs, energy security and economic growth, and tackling the climate crisis for today’s and future generations.
In Baku, our message was clear: Britain is back in the business of global climate leadership.
We know that the impacts of the climate crisis know no borders.
We have already seen the extreme impacts we can face here in Britain, and we know that if we do not act those impacts will get much worse.
That is why, as the Prime Minister said at COP29, there is no national security without climate security.
It is precisely because Britain represents only around 1% of annual global emissions that we have to work with others to ensure the remaining 99% of emissions are addressed to protect the British people.
The focus of this COP was on finance for developing countries, because the reality is that unless we persuade developing countries to go down the path of clean energy development, we cannot hope to reduce emissions and prevent climate disaster.
Those countries face the triple challenges of needing to invest in the clean energy transition, coping with the costs of climate vulnerability and needing to develop to take their population out of poverty.
At the same time, developed countries, including Britain, face extreme pressure on our public finances.
The COP talks are always complex, but those circumstances made this set of talks particularly so.
I put on record my thanks to our outstanding team of civil servants who supported me at COP.
I was repeatedly struck by the enormous respect they have from so many countries around the world.
The UK’s negotiating team was led by Alison Campbell, who is leaving to work with the UN Secretary-General.