I am proud to be a citizen of this great country, and we have some outstanding diplomats and officials in the FCDO.
Of course, we recognised in opposition that there are issues in this area, which is why we have said that we will introduce a special representative to work with hostage families.
Alaa’s friends and family, whom I have the privilege of representing as my constituents, just want their brother, uncle and son home safe.
Previously, the Foreign Secretary—who has worked hard on this issue and, as he says, has raised it with the Egyptians—has talked about what we could do if the Egyptians will not restore consular access.
They still have not done that, so could the Foreign Secretary update us?
I know this House speaks as one in standing and demanding that Alaa be freed and able to come home to his family for this Christmas, but what more can and will the Foreign Secretary do if the Egyptians will not restore consular access for the family?
My hon.
Friend has campaigned diligently on the family’s behalf.
She will know that the Egyptians do not accept Mr el-Fattah’s dual nationality—that is an issue between us—and it is for that reason that they deny consular access.
Currently, access is through  Mr el-Fattah’s lawyer.
I am urging the Egyptians to understand that he got his citizenship in the usual way, just like other members of his family.
There was no conspiracy on the part of the state in the way that Mr el-Fattah got that citizenship, and I continue to press them on that very issue, which would allow him to have the consular access that he deserves.
I thank the Secretary of State for that answer and commend  the hon.
Member for Alloa and Grangemouth (Brian Leishman)  for raising the matter, but it is not the only case:  the right hon.
Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith)  referred to another case, and I would add Jimmy Lai as a third.
The UK and British passport must mean something.
With that in mind, is it not time to set aside a specific section in the FCDO that looks at these cases and is tasked with getting our British citizens back home to this United Kingdom?
As the hon.
Gentleman mentions Jimmy Lai, let me say once again that we call on the Hong Kong authorities to release immediately British national Jimmy Lai, who is a significant priority for this Government.
That is why the Prime Minister raised the matter with the President of China last week and I raised it with the Foreign Minister of China.
The hon.
Gentleman is right: this does need a close look by the new Government.
We are just over four months old, we are looking at it and we will come forward with proposals shortly.
What diplomatic steps he is taking with his international counterparts to help secure the release of hostages held by Hamas in Gaza.
Ensuring the safe release of all hostages, including British national Emily Damari and three other hostages with strong UK links, remains a top priority for this Government.
We support the efforts of negotiators and call on the parties to return to negotiations.
We continue to work alongside allies and partners in the region towards securing hostage releases.
Negotiations remain the best chance to get hostages, cruelly detained by Hamas, home to their loved ones.
I relayed these points to the Israeli deputy Foreign Minister yesterday.
The horrors endured by the 97 Israelis and foreign nationals held hostage by Hamas terrorists in Gaza for over 13 months are unthinkable.
Given that the efforts to secure their release have not yet been successful, what further steps is the United Kingdom taking to bring home Emily Damari, a 28-year-old British citizen, and the rest of the captives?