At COP29, under a Labour Government, the UK reclaimed its position as a global leader on climate action.
We recognise now that our security and prosperity hinge on addressing the crisis.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in welcoming the progress made on climate finance, while acknowledging that there is much more to do to keep us on track on that road map and to keep 1.5° alive?
It was important that our Prime Minister was the only G7 Prime Minister to attend COP.
My hon.
Friend will recall that, last year, the Prime Minister at the time did not attend.
It is hugely important that we reach the £300 billion for climate finance, which will help the global south get to clean energy.
We hope that our global clean power alliance will be able to work with them, as they now have the money to do it.[Official Report,  22 January 2025 ; Vol.
760, c. 6WC.] (
Correction)
The world’s forests are the lungs of the earth, but we are losing them at an alarming rate.
An area the size of Azerbaijan, where COP29 was hosted, is destroyed every year.
Will the Foreign Secretary explain what the Government are doing to preserve the world’s forests and to support those who protect them?
I was very pleased to speak at COP on the issue of forests and to join inspirational indigenous leaders on that subject.
That is why we found £3 billion for nature, of which £1.5 billion is dedicated to work on forests.
Whether he has made representations to his counterpart in Georgia on reported irregularities in parliamentary elections held in that country on 26 October 2024.
Ahead of the elections on  11 October , I expressed my concerns directly to Foreign Minister Darchiashvili about pressure on civil society and stigmatisation of minorities ahead of the parliamentary elections.
Following the elections, I publicly expressed support for the preliminary findings of the Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe in relation to the election.
I called on the Georgian authorities to investigate all irregularities and reverse their declining commitment to an inclusive and open democracy.
I thank the Minister for his actions.
I draw the attention of the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests and to the work I have done in the past with democratic activists in Georgia.
Those activists are terrified that Georgia is now at a turning point.
Will the Minister join me in calling for new elections under international oversight and an end to the attacks on civil society groups, especially the heroic LGBT groups who are under attack there?
If those things do not take place, will the Government keep open the option of sanctions on the individuals who are responsible for democratic backsliding in Georgia?
I recognise my hon.
Friend’s long-standing interest in this issue and his strong views on it.
Let me be clear.
On  28 October , His Majesty’s ambassador to Georgia called on the Central Election Commission to transparently investigate all alleged incidences of election fraud.
Following the session of the new Parliament, the embassy again reiterated our concerns about election violations and the need for independent investigation.
He is absolutely right that the right to peaceful protest and a free civil society is a key attribute of any modern European democracy and must be respected.
We will continue to make that clear.
I first pay tribute to  the hon.
Member for East Renfrewshire (Blair McDougall) , whose focus on Georgia—not just on free elections in Georgia, but on the spread of Putin’s evil influence across Europe—has been incredibly important.