We are providing £10 million to trading standards to increase their capacity and capabilities next year, and there is £100 million for Border Force and His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs over the next five years to tackle illicit and under-age sales.
The Bill also allows trading standards to issue on-the-spot fines of £200, and to reinvest the proceeds of those fines, and indeed the licensing regime, back into further enforcement.
At COP29, under a Labour Government the UK reclaimed its position as a global leader on climate action.
We recognise now that our security and prosperity hinge on addressing the crisis.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in welcoming the progress made on climate finance, while acknowledging that there is much more to do to keep us on track on that road map and to keep 1.5° alive?
It was important that our Prime Minister was the only G7 Prime Minister to attend COP.
My hon.
Friend will recall that, last year, the Prime Minister at the time did not attend.
It is hugely important that we reach the £300 billion for climate finance, which will help the global south get to clean energy.
We hope that our global clean power alliance will be able to work with them, as they now have the money to do it.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps he is taking to help increase the UK’s soft power.
As these are the first departmental questions since the appointment of the shadow Foreign Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Witham (Priti Patel) , I welcome the shadow Front-Bench team to their place.
Alongside the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Wigan (Lisa Nandy) , the Foreign Secretary is establishing a new soft power council to advise Government and shape a new strategy to increase UK soft power and enhance it to deliver our foreign policy objectives.
Promoting all our soft power assets, including the British Council, the BBC World Service, scholarships and values, is crucial if we are to generate growth, security and global impact for the UK.
The Government’s commitment to UK soft power was highlighted by the Chancellor’s additional funding for the BBC World Service in the recent Budget.
Last week, I met Moldovan MPs, who are on the frontline of Russian aggression.
They really valued the British Council’s presence, but it had to close owing to funding cuts.
Does the Minister agree that it would be detrimental to Britain’s place on the world stage if the British Council was forced to close more offices, particularly where British values of freedom and democracy are needed most?
The Foreign Secretary has made it clear that the UK is committed to supporting Moldova’s democratic choice to pursue a path of freedom, independence and European integration.
The FCDO provided £511 million in grant in aid funding for the 2022 to 2025 spending review period.
In an increasingly digital age, the British Council’s impact should be judged by operational, rather than physical, presence.
The council retains a physical presence in over 100 countries.
Those in other countries still access cultural engagements and teaching activities online.
Let’s take a new member of the Back Benches: Andrew Mitchell, on his return.
May I wish the new shadow Foreign Secretary, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Witham (Priti Patel) , every success in her role?
May I also wish the Minister and the entire Government foreign affairs team courage and wisdom as they deal with a world more dangerous than at any time in our lives?
When it comes to soft power and development, I remind them of the importance of the words best articulated by former US Defence Secretary Mattis: “If you cut development spend, you have to order more ammunition.”
I pay tribute to the right hon.
Member’s long commitment to these issues.