The UK Government’s position could not be clearer: international law, including international humanitarian law, must be held to, and that covers in particular the operations of healthcare workers.
We pay tribute to them operating in such difficult circumstances.
As we have been hearing, the situation in Gaza—especially northern Gaza—is dire, with the UN anticipating that this year up to 60,000 children under the age of five could be facing acute malnutrition.
At the same time, the trucks entering Gaza have reduced by 63% since October 2023.
I welcome the leading role that the Government are taking in providing vital humanitarian aid for Gaza, but does the Minister agree that the ongoing Israeli restrictions on the flow of essential aid are completely unacceptable and should be lifted immediately?
Yes.
We are seeing a disturbing impact from those restrictions; we have seen it in the famine assessment and in the levels of malnutrition and ill health now prevalent in Gaza.
Winter is now upon us, making the situation even worse.
The restrictions on aid are unacceptable.
They must be lifted immediately.
When the Foreign Secretary was in Baku recently for COP29, did he discuss with his interlocutors across the region the extent to which the global finance goals would impact on humanitarian assistance in the middle east?
Yes, the Foreign Secretary did discuss those matters, including directly with Mia Mottley, the Premier of Barbados, who has been leading many of the small island developing states on these issues.
Certainly, the UK is determined to play its part on humanitarian issues as well as globally on climate issues.
That is so important for our own country as well as for the rest of the world.
Some weeks ago, I asked the Foreign Secretary about getting assurances that children receiving polio vaccinations would not be killed after receiving them.
Since then, thousands of children have been killed in northern Gaza.
Given the ICC’s recent ruling about war crimes, the British public no doubt want to know why the Government are shying away from their legal and moral obligation to ban all arms and all trade.
The UK Government have been determined to use every mechanism to advance international humanitarian law.
That includes within the UN Security Council, as we just discussed, but we have also been taking action at every bilateral and multilateral opportunity, including on polio, where the UK led efforts to get vaccination going in the first place.
I call the Chair of the International Development Committee.
In October, the Israeli Knesset passed two laws relating to the United Nations Relief and Works Agency: the law for cessation of UNRWA activities in the state of Israel; and the law for cessation of UNRWA activities.
They will take effect on  28 January , and the consequence will be preventing aid distribution in Gaza and the prevention of primary care, education and refuse collection in the west bank.
Last week, my Committee was in Palestine and Jordan.
There is huge concern that if that legislation takes effect, it will breach numerous international laws and have a catastrophic effect on the humanitarian and security situation in the region.
What conversations have Ministers had with their Israeli counterparts to prevent that implementation, and what are they doing with the international community to protect a UN organisation?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that and to her Committee for its work on this important issue.
The UK Government have been absolutely  clear that UNRWA is the only agency that can deliver aid at the scale and depth required in the middle of this humanitarian emergency.
My hon.
Friend asked about representations being made by the UK Government.
I have made those representations myself, including at the UN General Assembly.
The Under-Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lincoln (Hamish Falconer) , made those representations yesterday.