If the Government will make an assessment of the potential impact of a military offensive in Rafah on the humanitarian situation in that area.
We are deeply concerned about the prospect of a military offensive in Rafah.
We need an immediate humanitarian pause to get aid in and hostages out, then progress towards a permanent, sustainable ceasefire.
The Foreign Secretary is fortunate to have such an able deputy, which makes it all the more difficult to understand the inherent complacency in that answer.
We are hours away from a bloodbath that will make Falluja pale into insignificance—it will be the worst bloodbath seen in the world since the second world war.
Some 1.6 million people, most of them women and children, are 72 hours away from a full-scale invasion.
The Minister keeps saying that we are going to press Israel; what are the Government going to do about it if it happens?
The hon.
Gentleman and I first entered this House on the same day, nearly 40 years ago, and it is no surprise to see him back in his place.
It has to be said that throughout that time his views have been remarkably consistent.
Given the number of civilians sheltering in Rafah, it is not easy to see how such an offensive could be compliant with international  humanitarian law in the current circumstances, and on his overall point, I hope he will recognise that the British Government are doing everything we can to prevent the circumstances he has described.
“Sustainable calm” is the latest buzzword, but the fighting simply has to stop.
In the past two days, Palestinian President Abbas has said that in order for there to be sustainable calm or a ceasefire, the United States must give a warning to Israel.
What warnings have the UK Government given to Israel when it comes to a possible ground invasion in Rafah?
I refer my hon.
Friend to the comments I made earlier.
He will know that the British and American Governments have been working in lockstep to prevent the situation he has described.
What recent discussions he has had with his Polish counterpart on international parental child abduction.
I recognise the distress caused to all those affected by international parental child abduction, particularly the children.
The primary global mechanism for dealing with international child abduction cases is the 1980 Hague child abduction convention.
Due to the persistent campaigning of my right hon.
Friend, the Foreign Office has raised this matter with the Polish Government, including the Foreign Secretary raising it with his counterpart.
The Minister is fully sighted on what is, frankly, one of the most tragic and appalling cases: that of my constituent, Mr Tom Toolan, whose Polish ex-partner defied a family court order and took their daughter Rhian to Poland.
This case has been going on for too long—for many, many years.
I thank the Department for the engagement it has been having.
The Minister will also know that there are hundreds of other cases of children being abducted that are specific to Poland.
With the change in the Polish Government at the end of last year, what further plans do the Minister and the Government have to give real support to my constituent?
His life is being destroyed by this, and it cannot go on.
It is not sustainable any more, and he has been let down by Polish court orders again and again.
My right hon.
Friend’s persistent campaigning has made sure that the case of Tom Toolan has been raised regularly with our Polish counterparts.
The Government have raised it many times, including on  9 April  with the Minister of Justice.
The Foreign Office remains committed to using every appropriate opportunity to raise issues surrounding the enforcement of court orders under the 1980 Hague convention, as well as individual cases, with the Polish Government.
As my right hon.