Friend  the Member for Eastleigh (Paul Holmes)  on the Front Bench.
The “World Watch List 2024” laid bare the significant persecution that Christians face across the world and the increasing pressure on churches in China.
During recent ministerial visits, what representations were made on this issue to the Chinese Government, alongside highlighting other aspects of their dreadful human rights record?
My hon.
Friend has always been a staunch advocate not only for the churches but for all faith groups in his constituency.
It is unacceptable that Christians are persecuted simply for practising their religion.
He highlights China in particular, and we remain deeply concerned about the persecution there of Christians, Muslims, Buddhists and Falun Gong practitioners.
He knows that I was sanctioned by China for raising the issue of the persecution of the Uyghur Muslims.
The Minister of State, Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Berwick-upon-Tweed (Anne-Marie Trevelyan) , who is the Asia Minister, visited China last week, where she made clear our concerns about its human rights violations.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
Open Doors produces the World Watch List reports and we are deeply indebted to it for what it does.
Pakistan continues to cause concern for me and many others; there are Muslims, Sikhs, Hindus and Christians who cannot have the freedom of human rights and are persecuted across all of Pakistan.
How can we exert greater influence to effect change in Pakistan and make it better for people when it comes to worshipping their God as they so wish to do?
The hon.
Gentleman is already applying a lot of pressure through his chairmanship of the all-party parliamentary group on international freedom of religion or belief, which took forward a Bill just last week.
My co-Minister Lord Ahmad met Pakistan’s Foreign Minister, Ishaq Dar, in March to discuss the issues that the hon.
Gentleman has raised, and the former Foreign Secretary has raised the issue of the persecution of religious communities, including recent attacks against the Christian community in the Punjab.
Those conversations will continue, and the fact that we have committed to continuing the role of the freedom of religion or belief envoy will provide us with the authority to do that.
What diplomatic steps he is taking to strengthen international co-operation on tackling illegal migration.
What diplomatic steps he is taking to strengthen international co-operation on tackling illegal migration.
What diplomatic steps he is taking to strengthen international co-operation on tackling illegal migration.
Tackling irregular migration is a priority for Foreign Office engagement across our overseas networks, through international forums, including at the G7 and European Political Community, and bilaterally.
Given the success of the agreement with Albania, which has considerably reduced the number of illegal immigrants crossing by small boats, does the Minister believe that more of these agreements are necessary, alongside our Rwanda policy?
Yes, my hon.
Friend makes a good point.
He will have seen that on  17 April  we signed an agreement with Vietnam to tackle irregular migration and reduce channel crossing casualties.
The numbers of Vietnamese people coming across the channel has been one of the fastest rising groups in recent months.
Recently, the Irish Tánaiste stated that he believed the increase in irregular migration to the Republic of Ireland was a direct result of the deterrent effect of our Rwanda policy.
The Irish Government have since made moves to try to remove those illegal migrants back to the UK.
What conversations has my right hon.
Friend had with EU counterparts and Home Office colleagues about ensuring there is no returns policy with the EU unless a reciprocal agreement is made?
My hon.
Friend makes a very good point: what is sauce for the goose is also sauce for the gander.
The movement of asylum seekers from the UK to the southern Irish Republic would suggest that the Rwanda agreement is already having the deterrent effect we are seeking.