Tata faces losses of over £1 million a day as a result of keeping the two blast furnaces open.
It says that those losses would continue even if one was functioning, because, first, it would have to make significant capital expenditure on blast furnace 4 for that to go ahead, and, secondly, it would have to import all the coke that goes into that blast furnace, as the coke ovens were shut down with the agreement of the unions, because of health and safety concerns.
Then Tata would face the additional technical problem of trying to build an electric arc furnace on the same site as a steel melt shop containing hundreds of tonnes of molten steel that is poured off into casters.
That is why it has said very clearly that it will not entertain the proposal.
The UK Government have never said that we would not entertain the proposal.
If Tata wanted to come forward with a plan to build the arc furnace, using the grant that the Government have put forward, while keeping one blast furnace open for longer, of course the Government would be open to discussion of that.
I call Liz Saville Roberts.
Diolch yn fawr iawn, Llefarydd.
In the Netherlands, political pressure has resulted in Tata investing in an electric arc furnace and direct reduced iron technology, all while protecting jobs and keeping blast furnaces open.
The German Government are spending €2.2 billion—over four times more than the UK is spending—on transitioning the country’s steel industry towards hydrogen.
Why is the UK so uniquely incapable of effective investment in our strategic steel future?
A few people seem to have the idea that building a DRI plant would resolve this problem.
The first point to remember is that if a DRI plant were built on the site, it would probably save another 200 jobs.
There is a plant in Texas, run by Voestalpine, which I believe produces 2 million tonnes or so of steel every year and employs 200 people, so a DRI plant will not resolve the problem.
Clearly, DRI plants require access to a regular and affordable amount of natural gas.
There is, however, nothing whatsoever to stop Tata, at some point in future, building a DRI plant to go along with the electric arc furnace, if it believes that that is commercially sensible.
Even if it were to do that, it would not really resolve the problem that we face: 2,800 jobs being lost in Port Talbot.
At best, it would save another 200 jobs.
I am sorry, but this Government’s lack of ambition for our steel industry is just disgraceful.
As many of the Secretary of State’s constituents work in Llanwern, he should understand that decisions made about Port Talbot have a direct impact on Newport and can lead to problems with  securing volume for Llanwern.
We are looking at potential redundancies, and uncertainty about the long-term future of the plant.
It is not too late for the Secretary of State to stand up for his constituents, show more ambition for our steel industry—as other countries do—argue for a fairer transition, and try to avoid compulsory redundancies.
Why will he not do that for his own constituents?
We have acknowledged all along that under the proposals, Port Talbot planned to close down the pickle line at Llanwern, but not until the electric arc furnace was built.
We discussed that at the last meeting of the transition board, and we all agreed that just as we want to help everyone in Port Talbot, we want to help anyone affected in Llanwern.
The hon.
Lady keeps talking about a lack of ambition.
We can all dream about a situation in which blast furnace 4 is kept open for another six years, but what we cannot do is force Tata to continue accepting losses of over £1 million a day in order for that to happen.