The Deputy Foreign Secretary will know that Prime Minister Netanyahu is now implacably opposed to the creation of such a state, so what will the UK do to oblige Israel to comply with the international peace process?
Does he think a sustainable peace is possible so long as Mr Netanyahu remains in power?
Many voices are heard within Israel, but the hon.
Gentleman will recognise that the predominant view of the region, of the United Nations and of the regional powers, the great powers and the British Government is that a two-state solution is required, with both Palestine and Israel living behind secure borders in peace and safety.
I call the shadow Foreign Secretary.
More than 30,000 Palestinians are dead, more than 100 Israeli hostages are still unaccounted for and Gaza is facing famine.
The war must end now with an immediate ceasefire.
That needs both sides to agree.
It was Hamas, not Israel, who rejected the last internationally brokered ceasefire deal.
Now a new offer is on the table, and Hamas now have the power to stop the fighting.
Does the Minister agree that Hamas should accept this deal and avert a catastrophic continuation of this war?
Yes.
The right hon.
Gentleman makes a very good point and, although these negotiations are fluid at the moment, he is right to say that Hamas should accept the deal that has been put on the table.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
The Minister knows that securing a sustainable peace will require a massive aid and rebuilding programme, in which UNRWA will have, and must have, a crucial part to play.
Indeed, he has previously acknowledged that UNRWA has a vital role to play in providing aid and services in Gaza.
Why, then, having assured this House that he will come to a decision on the future of UNRWA’s funding when he received Catherine Colonna’s interim report, has he sat on that report for 10 days and said absolutely nothing about restoring funding?
He now seems to be setting us up for even further delay.
It is simply not good enough.
Will he now tell us when this Government will make a decision on UNRWA’s funding?
We have been very clear that we are waiting for not one but two reports.
As I say, I discussed this matter yesterday with the UN Secretary-General.
We know very well, as the hon.
Gentleman does, that the assets UNRWA has in terms of logistics, vehicles, warehouses and so forth, are essential for the supply of humanitarian relief within Gaza.
We are considering the matter carefully.
He will also know that Britain is not currently in deficit in its funding; we are fully funded at this point for UNRWA.
It has also received additional resources, including private resources as well as new Governments coming in to support it.
We will consider carefully both those two reports in full and then make a decision, and I will come back to the House to inform it when that decision is reached.
If he will make an assessment of the implications for his policies of the Open Doors report entitled “World Watch List 2024”.
The report provides a sobering account of the extreme difficulties faced by many Christians around the world, noting that more than 365 million Christians face persecution each year.
As my hon.
Friend knows, freedom of religion or belief is a priority for the UK, and we will continue to recognise and seek to address issues of persecution of Christians globally.
I thank the Minister for her answer.
It is great to see my hon.
Friend  the Member for Eastleigh (Paul Holmes)  on the Front Bench.
The “World Watch List 2024” laid bare the significant persecution that Christians face across the world and the increasing pressure on churches in China.
During recent ministerial visits, what representations were made on this issue to the Chinese Government, alongside highlighting other aspects of their dreadful human rights record?