The Government have raised it many times, including on  9 April  with the Minister of Justice.
The Foreign Office remains committed to using every appropriate opportunity to raise issues surrounding the enforcement of court orders under the 1980 Hague convention, as well as individual cases, with the Polish Government.
As my right hon.
Friend will know, now that I have taken over this brief, I am absolutely committed to ensuring that we are returning children to the parents they have been allocated to by courts.
What recent assessment he has made of the implications for his policies of the humanitarian situation in Sudan.
This year, the UK will nearly double its support for people in Sudan, with £89 million in aid.
That is nearly double the amount we set out at the beginning of last year, but in the past quarter, we have augmented that figure as well.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
The Sudanese city of El Fasher is the western region of Darfur’s humanitarian hub, but the US ambassador to the UN has said that El Fasher
“is on the precipice of a large-scale massacre”.
What is the Minister doing to avert this impending crisis?
The hon.
Member raises the position of El Fasher, and I specifically spoke about this with the UN Secretary-General, António Guterres, yesterday.
She is absolutely right, and we are doing everything we can.
As she will know, Darfur is a particular focus of the British Government—and indeed of Parliament, through the all-party group on Sudan and South Sudan—and, through a number of mechanisms, we are doing everything we can to try to ensure that the people in Darfur are protected.
I do not know whether the Deputy Foreign Secretary has had the opportunity to see the evidence that frontline aid workers gave to the International Development Committee last week.
It was very traumatic evidence, but the one chink of light was their positivity towards the work that the FCDO has been doing to try to continue education for children displaced during this crisis.
Will my right hon.
Friend give a commitment that that support will continue and, indeed, be enhanced?
I am very grateful to my right hon.
Friend for what he has said.
We are seeking to assist 500,000 children under five in Sudan.
He will know that 8.6 million people have been displaced, 2 million have fled across borders and 17.7 million are suffering acute food insecurity.
More widely, 730,000 Sudanese children are suffering from the deadliest form of malnutrition.
I call the shadow Minister.
As we know, and as has been said, right now an offensive is under way to capture El Fasher, the last remaining city in Darfur outside Rapid Support Forces control.
The risk of massacres and rapes targeted at non-Arab communities is imminent, and I fear that it will be simply appalling in scale.
All arms supplies to the warring sides must stop, and we thank our tireless diplomats, alongside African Security Council colleagues, for Friday’s statement at the UN, but what mechanisms are the Government using, with our partners, every single day to build pressure for an immediate ceasefire and a sustainable peace?
We very much hope that Jeddah 3 will be the next significant opportunity to negotiate.
What we require is a ceasefire, with the troops returning to barracks, and a political track.
When I was in Adré on the Chad-Sudan border a few weeks ago, I saw for myself the difficulties of supporting Darfur, including with food.
The hon.
Lady, and indeed the House, may rest assured that Sudan is not forgotten and that Britain, as the pen holder at the United Nations, is doing everything it can to help.
What steps he is taking to support freedom of religion or belief in Nicaragua.
The UK is committed to defending freedom of religion or belief for all.