The Government are extremely well joined up on that—I made the point earlier about the DEFRA Minister working closely with the Foreign Office on these matters—so I think she can reassure her constituents that that matter is very much in hand.
What recent steps he has taken through the UN Security Council to support progress towards a sustainable peace in the middle east.
The UK played a leading role in securing the passage of Security Council resolutions 2728 and 2720, which set out the urgent demand for expanded humanitarian access.
The way to a sustainable peace, as my right hon.
Friend says, is through humanitarian access.
Could he please confirm what the UK Government are doing to ensure the full funding of UNRWA again, and what they will do to stop the Hamas terrorist group affecting the supply of aid to Palestinian citizens?
My hon.
Friend is right about the importance of aid getting in, and UNRWA is a critical organisation in achieving that.
He will know that we have had a chance to look at the Colonna report, and I spoke about this matter with the UN Secretary-General yesterday when I was in New York.
We are waiting for the report of the Office of Internal Oversight Services, which we expect to hear about soon, and we will then  reach our conclusions on the best way of getting aid into Gaza.
My hon.
Friend may rest assured that we are doing everything we can to ensure that aid gets in.
Next Sunday will mark 100 days since the International Court of Justice warned of a genocide in Gaza, yet the Israeli military continues to ignore the legally binding orders of the world’s highest court, continues to bomb Gaza indiscriminately and continues to block vital humanitarian aid, all while the UK stands by and lets the right-wing Netanyahu Cabinet blatantly undermine the court’s legitimacy.
Can the Minister explain to me just what blatantly disregarding international courts and openly violating UN ceasefire resolutions means for the rules-based order he claims to uphold, because to me, my constituents, the Palestinians and countless persecuted groups across the world, frankly these rules are now not worth the paper they are written on?
What the hon.
Gentleman says—the way he reflects on what the ICJ said—is not accurate.
The ICJ called for hostage release, for more aid into Gaza and for Israel not to commit acts that violate the rights of Palestinians.
The Government agree with those three points.
Will the Deputy Foreign Secretary take the message back to his boss that the insertion of British troops on the ground in Gaza will simply play into the hands of those who wish to divert attention further away from the existential conflict between Russia and Ukraine?
Does he share my sadness that there is not a single mention of Ukraine in any of the questions on today’s Order Paper?
My right hon.
Friend will know that the Government are absolutely committed to doing everything we can to help Ukraine.
He will have seen the Prime Minister’s announcement last week on the increase in defence spending, and where that announcement was made.
I very much hope that my right hon.
Friend will not draw any conclusions from today’s Order Paper, but note specifically this Government’s driving ambition to ensure that Ukraine is successful in beating back the Russians.
The creation of a sustainable peace in the middle east will require the establishment of a Palestinian state within the 1967 borders.
The Deputy Foreign Secretary will know that Prime Minister Netanyahu is now implacably opposed to the creation of such a state, so what will the UK do to oblige Israel to comply with the international peace process?
Does he think a sustainable peace is possible so long as Mr Netanyahu remains in power?
Many voices are heard within Israel, but the hon.