The hon.
Member will have seen the  6 April  maritime announcement and she will know that Britain is ramping up the delivery of aid by land, sea and air.
She will, I hope, be aware that we have a naval ship standing by with £9.7 million of aid and logistics equipment.
There have also been 10 air drops already   from the Royal Air Force; an 11th one is expected today.
Therefore, the British Government are doing everything they possibly can to move the dial, as she requests.
As the Minister will know, it is not only Governments and NGOs supporting Palestinians across Israel, the west bank and Gaza, but a lot of charities.
I have been contacted by one such charity, ABCD, which operates a centre for disabled Palestinian children in the Nur Shams refugee camp.
It tells me that its centre has been raided and destroyed not once, but several times, by the Israeli army—not by settlers.
What more can the Government do to protect the facilities and personnel of British charities operating in the Palestinian territories?
My right hon.
Friend will know that we do everything that we can in that respect, but if he is able to give me some specific details about that particular charity and what has befallen it, I will look into it.
The Prime Minister has identified getting aid in and getting hostages out as two key priorities for the UK Government.
Israel is facilitating aid getting into Gaza by air, land and sea, with 468 trucks entering the area in a single day.
We are seeing real progress on aid; when will we see progress on hostages, too?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
We need to see breathing space so that we can get the hostages out and more aid in; in spite of what she says, the aid that is getting in at the moment is not sufficient.
That is precisely the policy of the British Government, and we will continue to pursue it with all vigour.
I call the shadow Minister.
Given that the Colonna report makes clear that donors should have confidence in UNRWA and that Australia, France, Germany, Sweden, Canada, Japan and Denmark have all restored funding, and with Gaza facing famine, I ask the Deputy Foreign Secretary again: when will the Government do what Labour has called for and restore full funding to UNRWA?
As I have set out, we are looking at all those reports and we will make a decision in our own time.
Britain is not falling short in that respect, because we are currently fully funded on all the earlier commitments we made.
We will look at the Office of Internal Oversight Services report and the UNRWA reaction to it.
We are aware of non-traditional donors and private donations coming in, and UNRWA is fully funded until the end of May.
When we reach our conclusion, I will be sure to inform the House of it.
If the Government will revoke strategic export licences to Israel.
As required by the UK’s robust arms export control regime, the Foreign Secretary has reviewed the most recent advice about the situation in Gaza and Israel’s  conduct of its military campaign.
The British position on export licences is unchanged, but we will keep that position under review.
Given that the very purpose of the UK’s arms export licence criteria is to apply a precautionary principle to arms sales to prevent them from fuelling future atrocities, and given the extensive evidence of potential war crimes and violations of international humanitarian law by Israel in Gaza, surely it is clear that the UK export licensing system is not working.