My hon.
Friends the Members for Aberavon (Stephen Kinnock), for Newport East (Jessica Morden), for Newport West (Ruth Jones) and for Llanelli (Dame Nia Griffith) have been proud vocal advocates for their constituents.
In contrast, the Government have forked out £500 million of taxpayers’ cash for the loss of 3,000 jobs.
That is their deal and they own it.
In addition, the loss of sovereign steelmaking is a fundamental threat to our UK economy and security.
It will constrain our ability to build the floating offshore wind we need to lower energy bills, deliver energy security and create the jobs of the future.
We are now around a month away from blast furnace No.
5 potentially closing, so what assessment have the Government made of the impact of the closure on job losses at the plant and in the supply chain across Wales?
With the talks ongoing between unions and Tata this week, does the Secretary of State, like me, want to see an agreement from Tata that compulsory redundancies will be avoided?
What steps will he take to encourage such an agreement?
He has said that no one will be left behind if they lose their jobs.
Will he publish the local economic plan that the transition board has agreed as the basis for its investment decisions?
With Labour’s national wealth fund, the future of UK steel will be fuelled by the skills, talent and ambition of Welsh steelworkers, but until the country is given the chance to have its say at a general election, I want workers across Wales to know that Labour Members have their backs.
Let me take the hon.
Lady’s points one by one.
First, the £500 million investment will save 3,000 jobs.
We are not paying money to throw people out of work; we do not want to see anyone thrown out of work.
Tata has made a decision to close blast furnaces based on the losses it is making.
When it came to us, we said, “What can we do to keep people in work?”
This was the plan it came up with.
Secondly, the plan will have no impact on sovereign steelmaking.
The hon.
Lady, if she talks to Tata, will understand—[Interruption.]
She is chuntering, but all the iron ore that goes into the blast furnaces comes from abroad, all the coal that is turned into coke comes in from abroad, and all the limestone comes in from abroad.
It therefore has no impact whatever on our sovereign steelmaking ability.
In fact, we have 8 million tonnes of scrap steel in this country, much of which has been exported abroad.
We are going to use that scrap steel and put it in the electric arc furnace, which will increase our sovereign ability.
The hon.
Lady says that the plan will have an impact on our ability to create floating offshore wind.
Last time, she said it would have an impact on our ability to create battleships.
She needs to understand that battleships are made using steel plate and that floating offshore wind turbines are also made using steel plate.
Steel plate  is not made by Tata at Port Talbot.
Tata at Port Talbot produces coil, which is thin and not strong enough to make either battleships or floating offshore wind turbines.
The hon.
Lady asked about the number of people affected.
We have been very clear about that from the start. [
Interruption.]
I am trying to answer the hon.
Lady’s questions.
She asked the questions; I listed them and I am answering them.
She asked about the number of jobs affected.
We have said all along that we expect it to be around 2,800, but it is for Tata to confirm that once it has gone through the statutory consultation procedure.
The hon.
Lady asked whether we would encourage Tata to come to an agreement so that there are no compulsory redundancies.
Of course, we would.