Gentleman, let me say this again, and say it clearly, so that everyone can understand it.
Tata came to the UK Government and said that it was going to pull out of steelmaking in south Wales.
That decision would have cost 8,000 jobs, as well as, we think, about 12,700 in the wider supply chain.
Officials from the Department for Business and Trade wanted to come up with a plan that would save as many jobs as possible, which is where the arc furnace plan has come from.
That plan will save 5,000 jobs, with a Government investment of half a billion pounds.
It is not the outcome that anyone wants, but it is a better outcome to see 2,800 jobs lost than to see 8,000 lost.
Neither is a good outcome, but that is what we wanted to achieve.
Let me repeat that this is not really about a sovereign ability to produce virgin steel.
All the elements of steelmaking are being imported from abroad.
We are not about to start opening up iron ore mines.
Steel is produced here with iron ore from abroad, limestone from abroad, and coke made from coal from abroad.
We cannot do this by ourselves.
At the same time, we have 8 million tonnes of steel that is being exported.
We will be making use of a resource that is already in our country.
Back home in Scunthorpe, we watch very closely what is happening in Port Talbot.
What work has been done to determine the quality of those 8 million tonnes of scrap and whether it will be suitable for use in the electric arc furnaces?
May I also ask my right hon.
Friend to reflect on this point?
When it comes to sovereign capability, the issue is not always what you are doing and choose to make; it sometimes comes down to what you may need to make at some point in the future.
May I remind my right hon.
Friend that we have a perfectly good mine full of coke and coal in Cumbria, and that there is an awful lot of limestone under the ground in this country as well?
My hon.
Friend is right that if we wanted to, we could probably find iron ore, coke, coal and limestone in the UK, but I do not see any great enthusiasm at the moment for opening up the mines to do that.
As for the 8 million tonnes of scrap in the UK that will go into the arc furnaces, officials from the Department for Business and Trade and EY have gone over very carefully the business plan being put forward by Tata.
Let me point out to my hon.
Friend that not  only are the UK Government investing half a billion pounds, but Tata is investing £750 million, so Tata obviously feels that there is a good, strong, commercial case for building that arc furnace, and is putting its money where its mouth is.
The Port Talbot steelworkers in my constituency have given their life to the steel industry and to Tata Steel.
The reckless deal that has been done by the UK Government and Tata is a hammer blow for them, and we hope that there is still time for the employer and the unions to come together, drop the bad deal for steel, and adopt the compelling and robust multi-union deal instead.
May I ask the Secretary of State about the role of contractors in all this?
Everyone knows that for every job lost in a steelworks, between two and three more are lost through supply chains and contractors, so the figure of 2,800 that is being used is a massive underestimate of the devastating impact, as there will be job losses through supply chains and subcontractors.
Does he agree that the number of job losses will be far higher than 2,800 if this reckless deal is adopted?