May I ask the Secretary of State about the role of contractors in all this?
Everyone knows that for every job lost in a steelworks, between two and three more are lost through supply chains and contractors, so the figure of 2,800 that is being used is a massive underestimate of the devastating impact, as there will be job losses through supply chains and subcontractors.
Does he agree that the number of job losses will be far higher than 2,800 if this reckless deal is adopted?
If so, does he agree that it is time for everyone to pull back from the brink and adopt the multi-union plan, which offers us a bridge to the future, rather than the cliff edge that is currently being pursued?
Clearly, there will be an impact on those in the supply chain; there has been absolutely no doubt about that.
At the last transition board meeting, at which the hon.
Gentleman was present, we discussed that, and we agreed that we would want to support anyone in the supply chain who has been affected, but we cannot start putting numbers on this.
It would be irresponsible to start guessing the number of people who will lose their job, but I agree with the hon.
Gentleman that there will clearly be an effect.
The hon.
Gentleman talks about a reckless plan, but ours was the only plan on the table.
He keeps suggesting that we adopt the Syndex plan, but it is not a plan unless Tata agrees to it.
I have discussed the Syndex plan with senior management at Tata and with the head of Tata Holdings, Mr Chandrasekaran, in Mumbai.
He does not believe that it is commercially viable, and he believes that it would be technically far too difficult to try to build an electric arc furnace on the site of the steel melt shop.
indicated dissent.
The hon.
Gentleman shakes his head.
I do not know what the answer is; he says that it is possible to implement the Syndex plan, but Tata says that it is not.
What the hon.
Gentleman has to realise is that it is not the UK Government he has to convince; it is Tata.
The UK Government have never said that they would be against the Syndex plan.
It is Tata that has to be persuaded.
I commend my right hon.
Friend for his comments, and for reminding us that half a billion pounds is no small beer when it comes to intervention in a private industry.
There are clearly difficulties with the transition, and a lot of us who care deeply about the steel industry in Wales and  Britain are worried about our capacity to do what we need to in the future, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Scunthorpe (Holly Mumby-Croft)  said.
What ongoing discussions are there on whether Tata will keep one of the blast furnaces open for longer than is set out in the plan, in which they are to be shut down by the end of this year?
I have had that discussion with senior management at Tata, as have members of the Labour party, trade unions and many others.
Tata faces losses of over £1 million a day as a result of keeping the two blast furnaces open.
It says that those losses would continue even if one was functioning, because, first, it would have to make significant capital expenditure on blast furnace 4 for that to go ahead, and, secondly, it would have to import all the coke that goes into that blast furnace, as the coke ovens were shut down with the agreement of the unions, because of health and safety concerns.
Then Tata would face the additional technical problem of trying to build an electric arc furnace on the same site as a steel melt shop containing hundreds of tonnes of molten steel that is poured off into casters.