My hon.
Friend makes a very good point: what is sauce for the goose is also sauce for the gander.
The movement of asylum seekers from the UK to the southern Irish Republic would suggest that the Rwanda agreement is already having the deterrent effect we are seeking.
I have been saying for some time in this place, and many other places, that a combined effort between French and English forces would be very useful on the ground in France to stop the boats from even getting to the beaches in the first place.
We have the technology and we can destroy the boats; I do not see why we do not do that.
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Gainsborough (Sir Edward Leigh)  and I wish to visit Calais to meet the mayor to discuss that idea.
Will my right hon.
Friend join us?
That is an unbelievably tempting invitation from my hon.
Friend.
Recently, we have seen a 120% increase in French troops on the ground and a 36% reduction in the number of migrants coming across compared with last year, so French troops on the ground are delivering what is required, at least in part.
The Irish Republic’s Government and their Justice Minister indicated that they believe that up to 80% or more of those who are illegally in the Republic of Ireland are coming across the land border, but that appears to have been a purely subjective figure.
Has the Minister been able to establish the veracity, or otherwise, of such an exceptionally high figure, which the Justice Minister has claimed to be the case?
We have not because, as the hon.
Gentleman will understand, that is a southern Irish Government responsibility.
No doubt the southern Irish Government will be pressed on this matter and will deliver an answer in due course.
On one hand, the Minister says he wants to improve international co-operation on tackling illegal migration, but on the other hand he says the Government are not willing to come to an agreement with the Government of Ireland or any other European countries on returns of asylum seekers.
I did not say anything of the sort, Mr Speaker.
We are working together in numerous international fora, including the Global Refugee Forum, the G7, the UN General Assembly and the European Political Community summit, to tackle this matter upstream.
Working upstream and working with others is critical to resolving this deeply disturbing problem.
I call the spokesperson for the Scottish National party.
The only way to stop boats at sea and illegal migration is through structured co-operation with our neighbours and internationally.
I welcome the signing on  23 February  of the agreement between the UK and EU’s Frontex border protection service, but is it properly funded and what mechanisms are in place to review that funding as it evolves?
Surely the Minister must agree with me that the best way to tackle illegal migration is to fund safe and legal routes properly.
What progress is he making on a comprehensive deal to that end with our EU friends, including Ireland?
We need to tackle this issue, as I think the hon.
Gentleman is implying, on a series of different fronts.
We are working upstream, as the deal with Vietnam demonstrates.
Our Prime Minister has substantially repaired the relationship with France.
The Calais Group has met the UK-France customs partnership.
We work closely with Frontex.
There are far more officials now in Britain dealing with these cases.
As the Prime Minister has made clear, once this matter has been resolved, he is going to look at bringing in safe and legal routes from elsewhere.
What steps he is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
What steps he is taking to help get more aid into Gaza.
What recent assessment he has made of the implications for his policies of the humanitarian crisis in Gaza.