The Deputy Foreign Secretary was asked—
What recent assessment he has made of the impact of the blue belt programme on ocean health.
The blue belt programme supports the protection and sustainable management of 4.3 million sq km of ocean around Britain’s overseas territories.
The blue belt programme, directly funded by the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office, is a fantastic way not only to help with climate change but to improve our environment.
One of the biggest threats to oceans is plastics, so will the Government consider strengthening the UN global plastics treaty in the upcoming negotiations?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
It is interesting to note that 85% of plastic pollution in the Pacific and Indian oceans comes from just six rivers, and therefore an international treaty really matters.
The point he makes is a good one, and it is at the centre of negotiations, which the Under-Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Taunton Deane (Rebecca Pow) , was talking about last week in Ottawa.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
The Deputy Foreign Secretary will be aware that over 90% of the UK’s biodiversity is within the overseas territories.
I was privileged last summer to visit St Helena in the Atlantic ocean, where I was amazed by the natural biodiversity both on the island and in the seas around it.
What more help are the British Government giving to the overseas territories Governments to ensure that their biodiversity can be enhanced and maintained?
I am glad that the hon.
Gentleman has had a chance to visit St Helena—as have I in the past.
It is one of the most remarkable places on Earth.
On the issue of cleaning up the ocean and plastics, I can tell him that the UK is a founding member of the high ambition coalition to end plastic pollution, which is a group of 60 countries whose central aim is to stop  plastic flowing into the environment by 2040.
The overseas territories are not suppliers of plastic but they are receivers of a lot of it, and that is why this is so important.
The recent Environmental Audit Committee reports—on the Arctic and the current one on the Antarctic, both of which I chair—have called attention to the excellent blue belt programme and how very important it is in the Arctic and the Southern ocean.
One of our recommendations was that the programme would work properly only if all the Ministers responsible for the Arctic in different Departments got together on a reasonably regular basis to discuss it.
Can the Deputy Foreign Secretary please advise on whether that committee has met or what plans he has to call the meeting?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point, and I am advised that the meeting is, I think, today.
Many of my constituents have written to me concerned that the UK is delaying its ratification of the global ocean treaty, which could limit human activity in what would be known as sanctuary areas in order to protect valuable marine life.
Has a Minister made an assessment of how that could work with the blue belt programme to ensure that our overseas territories have the highest possible protection for their water and their biodiversity?
The hon.
Lady makes a good point.
The Government are extremely well joined up on that—I made the point earlier about the DEFRA Minister working closely with the Foreign Office on these matters—so I think she can reassure her constituents that that matter is very much in hand.
What recent steps he has taken through the UN Security Council to support progress towards a sustainable peace in the middle east.
The UK played a leading role in securing the passage of Security Council resolutions 2728 and 2720, which set out the urgent demand for expanded humanitarian access.