How will our sovereignty be guaranteed at the border if there is a Schengen border post on the soil of Gibraltar?
My hon.
Friend can be assured that we will continue to safeguard the sovereignty of Gibraltar, which is much cherished.
He can also be assured that in the negotiations we will fully protect the operations and the independence of the UK’s military facilities in Gibraltar.
I very much look forward to discussing this more fully in front of his Committee tomorrow morning.
Despite repeated claims by the Saudi authorities that they would abolish the death penalty for children, child defendants are still regularly sentenced to death.
Some 11 have been executed since 2015.
Child defendants Abdullah al-Howaiti, Abdullah al-Derazi and Youssef al-Manasif have all received death sentences for crimes allegedly committed before the age of 18.
In April 2020, Saudi authorities issued a royal decree purporting to abolish the death penalty, but that appears to have been an empty promise.
Will the Minister intervene and impress on them their human rights obligations?
We continue to engage with the Saudi authorities on this and, as the hon.
Member knows, we push back on the death penalty being used in any country around the world.
When will the Foreign Office and the Home Office abandon their ridiculous pseudo security argument that is preventing the return of Shamima Begum and other   women and children from northern Syria?
Our allies oppose that policy because they know that it risks turning those children into tomorrow’s terrorists.
My right hon.
Friend, who knows a great deal about this matter, speaks with considerable authority on it.
I have no doubt that his voice will be heard in both the Foreign Office and the Home Office.
Spain, Norway and Ireland are ready jointly to recognise Palestine as a state within weeks.
Four other European countries look likely to follow suit, and France recently voted to admit Palestine as a full member of the UN.
Is it not time that the UK Government joined their European partners in recognising Palestine?
As we have made clear, recognition of a Palestinian state cannot come at the beginning of the process, but it does not have to come at the end.
Could the Deputy Foreign Secretary update us on the state of our relations with Djibouti, and his assessment of the impact of the UK recognising the memorandum of understanding between Ethiopia and Somalia on  the development of the port of Berbera?
Does he  have any plans to visit Djibouti?
If so, may I give him some advice?
I am pleased to tell my hon.
Friend that I have visited Djibouti, without suffering the fate that I am so sorry he suffered.
As he knows, we are taking up this matter with the authorities in Djibouti.
Israel’s deliberate and wilful starvation of Gaza is a war crime, yet the Government deflect all questions on UNRWA funding by saying that it runs until the end of April.
We are here—today is the last day of April.
If the Government do not restore UNRWA funding, are they not aiding and abetting Israeli war crimes?
I have made very clear the Government’s position on UNRWA.
We are in a process, and after it has been completed I will report to the House.
Ahmed Ali Alid, the Moroccan asylum seeker convicted last week of murdering 70-year-old Terence Carney, wandered through 13 European countries before entering the UK illegally and claiming asylum.
Does the Minister agree that we must redouble our efforts and work with international allies, and that we do not want criminals like that in our country?
I understand the hon.
Lady’s concerns.
I am not familiar with the case, but I will follow up and get back to her.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Wales if he will make a statement on Tata ending the statutory consultation on redundancies at Port Talbot steelworks.