Lady’s concerns.
I am not familiar with the case, but I will follow up and get back to her.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Wales if he will make a statement on Tata ending the statutory consultation on redundancies at Port Talbot steelworks.
On  25 April  Tata announced its strategic direction to proceed with its Port Talbot transformation, following the launch of the formal national consultation with the unions on  6 February .
Technically, the consultation has not concluded at national or local level.
The statutory consultation remains under way, and I understand that the company intends to move to local consultation with staff who may be affected.
This is a deeply concerning time for the Tata workforce and the wider community.
I hold regular conversations and meetings with the unions and management, and will continue to do so as we develop interventions to build a brighter future for Port Talbot.
On  15 September  we announced an unprecedented £500 million Government grant as part of the £1.25 billion investment by Tata Steel to build a new electric arc furnace.
Tata Steel employs more than 8,000 people, including at Port Talbot.
All those jobs— along with many thousands more in the supply chain—would be under threat were it not for the agreement that we struck.
The transformation will be difficult but the funding has saved 5,000 jobs in the company.
It is not the case that we have paid money to put people out of work—we have paid a lot of money to save 5,000 jobs.
We are also looking to modernise production and ensure that steelmaking in south Wales can continue for generations to come.
Going beyond that, to support those affected by Tata’s decision we have put £100 million towards the creation of the transition board, which I chair, and which includes representatives of the UK and Welsh Governments, local authorities and industry.
The funding includes £80 million from the UK Government and £20 million from Tata—nothing as yet from the Welsh Government, but we hope that there will be some.
It will be used to achieve the transition board’s priorities, the first of which is to support those affected employees to find new, well-paid jobs.
The board’s priorities also include supporting businesses in the supply chain and the longer-term regeneration of the region.
In its most recent meeting last week the transition board endorsed a local economic action plan, which will act as a road map for how best to use the funding to support those affected.
While the ongoing consultation is a matter between the trade unions and the company, we will continue discussions with all parties.
We hope a resolution is found that avoids industrial action.
The Government will continue to work closely with industry to secure a sustainable and competitive future for the Welsh steel sector.
I am confident of a good future for Port Talbot and the region, with the UK Government progressing the bid by Associated British Ports to the next stage for up to £160 million of funding to support our nascent floating offshore wind industry, and our progress towards establishing the Celtic freeport, backed by £26 million of UK Government funding.
Last Thursday’s news was a gut punch for workers in Port Talbot, with economic consequences that could reverberate across south Wales for decades.
Last month, I met workers at the plant.
The sense of the threat to nearly 3,000 people’s livelihoods was all-consuming.
The wider supply chain in Llanwern, Shotton and Trostre is vulnerable, too.
We again urge Tata not to make any irreversible decisions before a general election.
My hon.
Friends the Members for Aberavon (Stephen Kinnock), for Newport East (Jessica Morden), for Newport West (Ruth Jones) and for Llanelli (Dame Nia Griffith) have been proud vocal advocates for their constituents.
In contrast, the Government have forked out £500 million of taxpayers’ cash for the loss of 3,000 jobs.