It would not be appropriate for a foreign state to interfere with the accurate presentation of our news or the freedom of expression in newspapers.
Although these powers under the existing media merger regime are broad, the Government have taken action to rule out newspaper and news magazine mergers involving any influence, ownership or control by foreign states.
We have done that by amending the Digital Markets, Competition and Consumers Bill, which will shortly return to this House.
As a nation, we are a proud, open democracy and a strong trading power with a vibrant economy.
Although we are rightly limiting powers to interfere with our democracy, as many other states do, in terms of foreign investment more generally we remain open for business.
I end by recognising the strength of feeling in this House and the other place, and by recognising the work done by the Minister of State, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hornchurch and Upminster (Julia Lopez) , by the Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State, Lord Parkinson of Whitley Bay, and in particular by the right hon.
Baroness Stowell of Beeston.
I commend this statement to the House.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I thank the Secretary of State for advance sight of the statement.
From the very start, Labour had questions about the proposed sale of some of our country’s most highly influential and historical news publications.
We share legitimate public interest concerns about the accurate presentation of news, free expression of opinion and fair competition.
We cannot take those freedoms for granted.
It is disappointing that this weak Government did not do the right thing from the start.
Does the Secretary of State agree that this is not about singling out the United Arab Emirates, our important partners?
She said that it is not appropriate for a foreign state to interfere with the accurate presentation of news, and I am glad that she has come round to that point of view, but surely no Government anywhere in the world, including ours, should own any news publications.
Labour will always act to safeguard the UK’s strong and independent free press, regardless of any publication’s political persuasion.
We will champion its right to hold us to account.
We will safeguard the freedom to scrutinise, to expose wrongdoing and to speak truth to power, because this is about protecting our democracy.
We, of course, welcome investment that makes a valuable contribution to our diverse media landscape, so we will closely follow this auction process.
Can the Secretary of State give us more information on the timescale for the auction?
What discussions has she had with trade unions representing the staff of the Telegraph Media Group?
What steps will she take to ensure that this is a free and open sale, and will she keep the House updated?
What will she do to ensure a competitive media landscape into the future?
It is important that the Secretary of State gets this right.
Especially in an election year, our democracy is too precious to leave to chance.
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for welcoming this statement on the position in which we now find ourselves.
I reiterate her point that the UAE is an important trading partner.
The legislation relates to all foreign states.
We welcome our relationship with the UAE.
The hon.
Lady says that this is an important point, and I have been very conscious of this matter since it first fell on my desk.
From the outset, I have raised and dealt with the concerns in this case.
Although she raises it now, and I am not looking at the complete record, I do not recall any occasion on which she has raised this matter either directly with me or in this House.