The hon.
Lady asked whether we would encourage Tata to come to an agreement so that there are no compulsory redundancies.
Of course, we would.
We do not want anyone to be made redundant against their wishes.
We did not want this process to happen in the first place, but as I said to her several times, Tata came to the UK Government with a threat to pull out, which would have cost 8,000 jobs and the entire supply chain.
The hon.
Lady asked if the local area action plan can be published.
It is not fully finalised yet—it is a road map—but she will surely be aware that the current First Minister was sitting on the board as the economic development Minister.
The Labour economic development Minister in the Senedd is on the board.
The local Member of Parliament is on the board, as is the local Senedd Member, the chief executive of the local authority, and the representatives of three trade unions, so it is hardly a secret document.
It is not as if the transition board is meeting in conditions of great secrecy.
If the hon.
Lady has any further questions, I am more than happy to answer them.
When will the Government do something about the very high energy prices in this country, which have been made high by regulations and taxes?
Does my right hon.
Friend not accept that any kind of steelmaking will be extremely difficult if we have uncompetitive energy, and is it not wrong to import such materials, because it will mean even more carbon dioxide emissions, as well as destroying jobs here?
We have looked carefully at the losses that Tata is making, which have come about partly because of the age of the infrastructure.
In fact, Tata has had to close down the furnaces at the Morfa coke ovens within the last few weeks.
The UK Government are fully cognisant of the cost of energy at the moment, which is why Tata has already benefited from many of the schemes that we have introduced over the past few years, will begin to benefit from the British industry supercharger scheme shortly, and will benefit from the carbon border adjustment mechanism at the start of 2027.
I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
Despite what the Secretary of State may claim, the Government are investing in support of plans that will lead to approximately 2,800 job cuts, along with an irreversible cut in the capacity to produce virgin steel.
Tata has announced that it will open a voluntary redundancy scheme on  15 May .
Can the Secretary of State update the House  on what he expects the redundancy packages to include, and will he join me in condemning threats that the company appears to have made to withdraw enhanced redundancy packages if industrial action goes ahead?
Let me answer the hon.
Gentleman’s questions directly.
The value of the redundancy packages will have to be agreed between Tata and the trade unions, but Tata has made it very clear that it wants to go well beyond statutory redundancy.
It has put out several figures, some of which could be more generous if there is no industrial action.
I do not want to see industrial action, but I do not condemn the unions either; I think that they have played a very positive role in discussions on the transition board and outside it, and I understand the strength of feeling among people at Port Talbot.
As for the two other points made by the hon.
Gentleman, let me say this again, and say it clearly, so that everyone can understand it.
Tata came to the UK Government and said that it was going to pull out of steelmaking in south Wales.
That decision would have cost 8,000 jobs, as well as, we think, about 12,700 in the wider supply chain.