What attitude will the Government take if, as is widely reported, the British King’s Counsel chief prosecutor of the International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant for Benjamin Netanyahu?
I think the hon.
Gentleman is speculating in an extraordinary manner.
What the Court said at the time was that the hostages should be released, that there should be more aid into Gaza and that Israel should not commit acts that violate the rights of Palestinians.
That is where the Court rests at this point, and we must wait for further events.
Ahead of the UN General Assembly high-level meeting on antimicrobial resistance, does my right hon.
Friend agree that it is vital to build the political will of developed and developing countries to prioritise tackling AMR?
What discussions has he had with his counterparts coming up to this high-level meeting?
My hon.
Friend is right.
An enormous amount of work is going on in respect of AMR, which is being discussed extensively this year at the United Nations.
Dame Sally Davies, who leads for Britain on this vital issue, is doing a fabulous job, and Britain is committed to doing everything it can to make real progress.
As of 9 April, eight field hospitals are reportedly active inside the Gaza strip, with some operating at 265% of their capacity and with a shortage of medication and supplies.
What are the UK Government doing to help facilitate medical evacuations, particularly of children?
We have worked extensively with our partners in the Gulf on evacuations, and Britain is doing a great deal through our medical support for the field hospital we have in Gaza as well as to support other humanitarian and medical activities, which are so vital there.
I call the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee.
British citizen Ryan Cornelius has now been imprisoned in the United Arab Emirates for 16 years.
In 2022, the UN determined that he was “arbitrarily detained”, and before the Deputy Foreign Secretary came to his current position, he signed a letter calling for his immediate release.
On Saturday, Ryan turned 70, and his children have grown up without him.
Will the Government please update us on what they are doing to get him home and whether they will lodge a plea for clemency, given his age and  ill health?
I assure my hon.
Friend that FCDO Ministers and officials continue to raise the cases of both Mr Cornelius and Mr Ridley with the UAE authorities.
We are urgently looking into the information provided by the family and seeking expert advice.
We will follow up with the people concerned when we have more information.
The proposed EU-UK youth mobility scheme would have allowed 18 to 30-year-old UK citizens to work and study in the EU without barriers that the Government’s Brexit have created, yet the Tories and the Labour party immediately rebuffed the offer.
What is the message to young people across the UK who are watching opportunities being blocked by Westminster?
The EU scheme requires people between the ages of 18 and 35—I did not realise that you were still a young person at 35—to have absolutely free movement.
That discussion has been had at length both in the Chamber and during the Brexit vote.
What we do have is bilateral youth mobility schemes, which we are more than happy to propose with interested parties.
On Gibraltar, the Minister has stated that our current EU negotiations are consistent with UK sovereignty.
How will that be achieved, given our defence and RAF assets as well as any nuclear naval capability that the UK has in that region?
How will our sovereignty be guaranteed at the border if there is a Schengen border post on the soil of Gibraltar?
My hon.
Friend can be assured that we will continue to safeguard the sovereignty of Gibraltar, which is much cherished.