and learned Member for South Swindon (Sir Robert Buckland)  said, so will the Secretary of State release an impact assessment on Britain losing its sovereign capability to produce virgin steel?
It is starting to feel a bit like groundhog day here.
Can I explain again that the iron ore, the limestone and the coke are all coming in from abroad?
There is no sovereign capability to make steel in the blast furnaces at Port Talbot.
However, we are already producing high-quality steel in arc furnaces that is used in the defence industry.
I recently met Sheffield Forgemasters, which is producing steel for nuclear submarines in an electric arc furnace in the United Kingdom.
We have great hopes and plans to build offshore floating wind structures in the Cromarty firth and the surrounding area, which would be a fantastic use of the great fabrication skills we have there, but do the Government recognise that the continued production of steel—and very probably the increased production of steel—will be crucial to this plan becoming a reality?
Yes, I agree with the hon.
Gentleman that it is important that we have a means of producing steel that can be used to build floating offshore wind turbines.
Technically, that is quite difficult to do.
It would require either steel plate or a very heavily reinforced version of steel coil.
I know that discussions are going on between Tata and at least one of the likely major investors in floating offshore wind turbines to ensure that the steel can be made, and we hope that we will use steel from the electric arc furnace to do just that.
I thank the Minister for his answers.
It is clear that he is keen to find solutions, but obviously many on this side of the Chamber—indeed, on both sides—are a bit concerned.
Bearing in mind that steel produced in Port Talbot is the backbone of much construction in Northern Ireland—which prompted  the hon.
Member for Aberavon (Stephen Kinnock)  to highlight protocol problems with the Prime Minister in the past—I too want to express my deep concern and ask the Minister to explain where the steel for our construction sector in Northern Ireland will come from if the Government are unable to step in and save jobs in Port Talbot.
In the short term, I assume that the steel going into the industry in Northern Ireland does not come directly from Port Talbot.
It probably comes from some of the other finishing plants.
I do not know the full detail of the exact grades of steel that go into the Northern Ireland construction industry, but I am happy to discuss that with the hon.
Gentleman.
Tata has made it absolutely clear that it does not expect any disruption in supply while the arc furnace is being built.
Everyone I have spoken to—not just those at Tata, but independent experts—has said that 90% of the grades currently produced using blast furnaces can be produced using an electric arc furnace, and that the technology of electric arc furnace steel production is rapidly improving, so I would not expect there to be any disruption to supplies in the medium or long term.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I will update the House on the proposed acquisition of the Telegraph Media Group by RB Investco Ltd. I will refer to the Telegraph Media Group as the Telegraph and to RB Investco Ltd as the purchaser.
As the House will know, the sale of the Telegraph is currently subject to the media mergers process.
Today, I would like to confirm that the purchaser has notified me of its intention to sell the call option agreement that gives it the ability to buy the Telegraph, in effect withdrawing from the purchase of the newspaper.