There is nothing whatsoever to prevent a plate mill from being built.
The hon.
Gentleman will not be aware of all the discussions going on, but I say respectfully to him that a plate mill will not save 2,800 jobs.
We face the loss of a significant number of jobs as a result of the decision to close down the blast furnaces, and even if a plate mill, a direct reduced iron plant or a hot zinc dip line were built on the site—all of which are reasonable things to consider—it would not solve the problem that 2,800 people are facing the loss of their jobs.
That is why the £500 million for the arc furnace was so important, as was the £80 million for the transition board.
We talked earlier about the supply chain.
The repercussions of this decision will be felt across south Wales, so can I ask the Secretary of State directly whether he has secured any commitment whatsoever from Tata about the future of the workers at those downstream facilities across south Wales?
Yes, Tata has been clear that it was originally going to close those sites but it now expects all those sites to remain open.
During the process of building the arc furnace, while the blast furnaces are shut down, it will be bringing steel in from elsewhere to make sure that the product is going into those other plants.
With the closure of the coke ovens making the viable lifespan of the blast furnaces all the more precarious, and the electric arc furnace still being a long way off, we will rapidly reach a situation where Port Talbot can no longer supply the Trostre works in Llanelli in my constituency, so what talks has the Secretary of State had with Tata bosses about securing high-quality interim supplies for Trostre and securing all the jobs there?
I have spoken to Tata on that very issue.
It has been clear that it would have to import steel to feed Trostre, and it is willing to do that.
The timeline for the electric arc furnace is ambitious, but work is ongoing: the groundworks will start very shortly, the application for planning permission should go in in the autumn, and hopefully it will be turned round and dealt with by early next year.
It will then take about two years to build the electric arc furnace.
The Secretary of State casually discards 2,800 jobs and is so uninterested in the ongoing effect on the rest of the economy in south Wales that he has not even made an assessment of what the economic impact will be on the south Wales valleys more generally.
Can he clear up for us precisely how many other people’s jobs are likely to be affected?
Is he aware that, in the last few months, we have had 500 jobs go at UK Windows and Doors in the Rhondda and 100 jobs go in the last 24 hours at Everest 2020 in the Rhondda?
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cardiff West (Kevin Brennan)  says, it does not feel as if the Government have an industrial strategy.
Nor does it feel as if they have an anti-poverty strategy.
For that matter, they do not have a levelling-up strategy either, do they?
Is it not time we had a new Secretary of State for Wales, so that we can get on and have a proper plan for the economy of south Wales?
I am sorry to have to say this to the hon.
Gentleman, but it is slightly insulting for him to suggest that the tone in which I have set out the answers suggests casual disregard or a lack of interest.
I assure him that nothing whatsoever in the Wales Office at the moment is more important than securing the future of Port Talbot.