The hon.
Lady keeps talking about a lack of ambition.
We can all dream about a situation in which blast furnace 4 is kept open for another six years, but what we cannot do is force Tata to continue accepting losses of over £1 million a day in order for that to happen.
I have to say that there has been a lack of responsibility on the part of some Labour Members—though not any present in this Chamber—who seem to have gone around suggesting that they have a special, costed secret plan that would save all those jobs.
They do not.
They have not put any kind of a costed plan to any senior management in Tata.
They have never sat down and said, “If you do this, we will give you this, and that way, we could save all those jobs.”
They have simply gone around saying that they want to see all the jobs saved.
We all want to see every single job saved, but we cannot force Tata to continue to take losses of over £1 million a day.
I come from an area of the country that suffered from industrial decline two generations ago, and the human impact of what we see happening to Port Talbot will blight the current generation.
We talk a lot about a transition to a green economy.
When will the Government invest in the national skills strategy that we need to provide?
People in Port Talbot are about to lose their jobs, and redundancy payments do not last forever.
A generation will be blighted.
They need skills for the 21st century, so will the Government commit to a national skills strategy?
The hon.
Lady asks about the money to support the town of Port Talbot.
I have said already that there is £500 million to build an arc furnace that will save thousands of jobs.
There is £15 million going into regenerating the town.
There is £26 million of funding for the freeport, £7.5 million of funding for Launchpad and, as far as skills are concerned, £80 million from the UK Government primarily to retrain people.
There is another £20 million coming in from Tata.
There has not been one penny from the Welsh Government towards this endeavour.
They have been able to find £120 million to spend on more Senedd Members, and £30 million to spend on 20 mph road signs, and we have just learned that they have lost £60 million, having set up a bank, but they have not been able to find one penny to support the steelworkers at Port Talbot.
Is this not just the tail end of a Government who abandoned the words “industrial strategy” a decade ago when I asked questions on this matter?
Why have the Government not had the  ambition and the vision to realise the potential?
For example, if there were a plate mill on the site, it could produce the steel for the substructures and wind turbines that are planned to be built in the Celtic sea around the Milford Haven and Port Talbot freeport?
There is no industrial strategy, there is no vision and there is no joined-upness.
There are just massive sticking plasters from this Government.
There are discussions going on about the possibility of building a plate mill on the site when the electric arc furnace is completed.
There is nothing whatsoever to prevent a plate mill from being built.
The hon.
Gentleman will not be aware of all the discussions going on, but I say respectfully to him that a plate mill will not save 2,800 jobs.