Is it not the case that she has conned the public with her grey-belt policy, and that she has unintentionally misled this House?
I thought the hon.
Member was going to do better, but he did not.
The Minister for Local Government was in Birmingham on Thursday, and I am always happy to visit Birmingham.
It is a great city and has always been a fantastic place, and I have probably been there more times than the hon.
Member has.
Under the Tories, the number of homes approved on green-belt land increased nearly tenfold since 2009, so I will not take any lectures.
We have said that we will develop on brownfield sites first, and we are taking action to make sure that we deliver the homes and infrastructure that people need.
He could learn a lot from me.
At the end of January, 14,000 people were still on Northumberland county council’s social housing waiting list, yet hundreds of properties right across the county, including in rural Allendale, remain empty.
Given the number of people on the housing list and in desperate need of accommodation, it is a disgrace that the Conservative administration has left them empty for so long.
Does the Minister agree that a Labour council, backed by a Labour Government, will do much more to get people off the housing list and into homes?
Local authorities already have a range of powers to bring empty homes back into use, but I am more than happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss this specific issue in more detail.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Last month, I was in a field near the East Carr estate in Hull.
With the River Humber in the distance, the field lay submerged under water and sat clearly below sea level.
Residents told me that the field acts as a barrier between their homes and the water, and they were really worried that the planned development, which is in the Hull local plan, will leave them with flooded homes.
Can the Minister reassure me, and residents in Hull and other low-lying communities, that the Government will ensure that the land use framework for determining areas for development will consider flood risk management and the delivery of sustainable drainage systems?
We took action on SUDS in the national policy planning framework, and we have made very welcome improvements in that area.
The Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs has launched a consultation on the land use framework.
I take it that the hon.
Lady has submitted her views, and we will publish the response to that consultation in due course.
I alluded earlier to Bracknell being 76 years old.
One of the challenges we face, especially in our older estates, is insufficient parking.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how the Government, the council and social housing providers can work together to address this issue?
We are determined to drive up standards across the private parking sector, and my colleagues in the Department for Transport are across the other elements of the parking sector.
We will announce our plans regarding the private parking code of practice in due course, and I would be very happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss this issue further.
With rats as big as cats, over 17,000 tonnes of rubbish piled up in the streets of Birmingham, and stories of rubbish being set alight in some streets, the bin strike is a problem that needs to be sorted out by Labour-run Birmingham city council and this Government.
Can the Minister reassure me that neighbouring authorities, such as Walsall borough council, will be reimbursed for any additional costs that we incur as a result of the strike?
All of us understand how difficult things are in Birmingham, and it is the Government’s job to support Birmingham to recover and get services back to normal.