Can the Minister therefore confirm that it is something the Government are actively considering?
It would provide an opportunity to rebuild the industry, hopefully secure new private sector involvement and convince the customers—most notably Network Rail, which gets 95% of its rail track from the Scunthorpe works—that supply will continue.
I have come round to the view that nationalisation on a temporary basis is, in this instance, the only way.
It will secure the jobs and secure a future for steel production in Scunthorpe.
I urge the Minister not to rule it out, and indeed to commit to it.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for securing this urgent question and for his comments.
I know we will continue to talk and have honest conversations.
Jingye is very much talking to us.
As I said, I met Jingye with the Secretary of State and others on Friday, and we hope to do so again this week.
Our priority is respecting the workers, safeguarding jobs and retaining steelmaking.
We have been clear in our belief that the best way forward is for Scunthorpe and British Steel to continue as a commercially-run business with private investment and with the Government acting in support, but I can tell the hon.
Gentleman that no options are off the table.
I was concerned to read about the cancellation of shipments of essential coking coal and so on for Scunthorpe.
The Business and Trade Committee heard from British Steel and Tata about some of their needs.
The Minister will be aware that an area where we have failed as a country over the last six years or so is not having an industrial strategy, so I make clear to her once more the absolute urgency for us to establish a steel plan to set out the UK’s needs and ensure that we have resilience across our industries and for our economy.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right, and we talked about exactly that at the Business and Trade Committee.
This country has seen a significant decline in steel manufacturing over the last decade, and we want to turn that around.
Long before we got into government, we committed to a plan for steel, which represents a £2.5 billion investment in UK steelmaking.
As we speak, there is a roundtable at JCB in Stafford on the plan for steel, on this occasion discussing trade barriers—I was due to be chairing but came back to be in the Chamber.
We have been having a series of roundtables to gather evidence and pull the facts and figures together so that we can put the right investment in place.
I call the shadow Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Brigg and Immingham (Martin Vickers)  and Rob Waltham, our excellent candidate for Mayor of Greater Lincolnshire, for their engagement and work on this issue.
Despite repeatedly promising to protect and support virgin steelmaking capacity when in opposition, the Labour party is potentially presiding over its total demise.
In the process, thousands of blue-collar jobs in this once proud industry have either gone forever or are at risk, including 5,000 directly employed roles at Port Talbot and Scunthorpe alone and many more in the supply chain.
Given that the regions with the highest numbers of steelworkers are Wales and Yorkshire and the Humber, the situation is dealing a hammer blow to efforts to address regional inequality.
Steel is obviously a key strategic industry—even more so given our need to increase defence spending and infrastructure investment, and even more so again given President Trump’s game-changing imposition of tariffs.
The Prime Minister keeps saying that the world has changed, and that we are witnessing the end of globalisation.
I cannot say that I totally agree, but if that is the Government’s position, surely they have no choice but to intervene to support domestic production.