The revised national planning policy framework, which we published last year, included changes designed to improve the provision and modernisation of various types of public infrastructure.
As the hon.
Gentleman is well aware, we are also committed to strengthening the existing system of developer contributions to ensure new developments provide the necessary infrastructure that communities such as his expect.
I have been campaigning for fair renting in Bournemouth, and I recently held my first renters roundtable at the Bournemouth food bank’s café.
It was attended by, among others, my constituent Alison Thomas, who cannot cook in her home because water is leaking through her kitchen ceiling and she is scared to turn on any electrical devices.
My constituents the Al-Mubaraks, a family of six, rent an overcrowded home, with black mould so harmful that the headteacher of the four children living there has written to my office to express concern.
Does my hon.
Friend agree with me that we need urgent action to improve the state of the private rented sector in Bournemouth East?
I thank my hon.
Friend for all he does to support private renters in his constituency.
I am saddened but, in all honesty, not shocked by the cases he raises.
Such experiences are still far too common in both the social sector and the private rented sector.
In particular, we know the health risk posed by damp  and mould.
That is one reason we have chosen to sequence the implementation of Awaab’s law in the way we have, as it will allow us to apply the protections to damp and mould earlier than would otherwise have been the case.
In my constituency of Exmouth and Exeter East, the Lib Dem local council is proposing to build tens of thousands of new homes with little thought for corresponding infrastructure.
I have spoken to local councillors, and they believe they have no agency in this process and central Government are telling them what to do.
What more can be done to ensure that local authorities are held accountable for their decisions?
Local electors can hold local authorities accountable for all of the decisions they make.
On infrastructure, I refer the hon.
Member to my previous answer.
However, local authorities should, as part of the local plan development process, have infrastructure strategies in place that set out the requirements for infrastructure and how they should be funded.
Next month marks 80 years since victory in Europe, and I look forward to attending many VE Day events in my constituency to thank our service personnel of yesteryear.
Homelessness is an issue that affects many veterans, so while I welcome the Prime Minister’s pledge to guarantee a roof over the head of every veteran, can the Minister confirm what extra support there is with homelessness for the veteran community in Banbury?
Homeless veterans in Banbury will be able to benefit from extra support thanks to a £371,927 increase in funding for homelessness services in Cherwell and West Oxfordshire in 2025-26.
Veterans in Banbury can also access housing support through Op Fortitude.
This nationwide system provides housing guidance and assistance to veterans who are experiencing homelessness or at risk of homelessness.
In the London borough of Richmond we desperately need more social homes, but we are really short of sites we can build on.
I have long run a campaign for the disused Teddington police station to be turned into a GP surgery and social homes, but understandably the Met wants top dollar to fund its services.
Will the Secretary of State look at ways to incentivise public bodies to sell assets below market value for community benefit?
The hon.
Member will forgive me, but I am not going to comment on the specifics of the case she raises.
We are giving serious consideration to how we better utilise public land in general, particularly in areas with constrained land allocation such as her own.