However, how will the proposals to diversify the base of consultees to prioritise the voice of trade unions—which, by definition, are found mainly in large  public sector and corporate organisations—not drown out the voice of the small businesses on which our town centres depend?
I am grateful for the opportunity to remind the House, and the hon.
Gentleman and his Front-Bench colleagues, that they of course wanted the predecessor programme to the plan for neighbourhoods, but did not provide any money for it.
That was a slight oversight, which we have been able to address in order to keep the promises that they made but would have had to break.
On the point about trade union boards, I can understand why Opposition colleagues do not want the voices of millions of ordinary people in the room when decisions are made; they never do, and they never will.
However, trade unions are not in competition with small businesses—far from it.
There is room for both in the discussions, and both will add lots to those discussions.
What recent progress her Department has made on supporting growth in local areas.
We are giving local leaders the tools they need to deliver growth for their areas by devolving power and money from central Government to local communities.
We are investing in programmes that drive growth, and we will set out our refreshed vision for local growth funding at the multi-year spending review.
Local high streets such as those in Hertford and Stortford are the beating heart of our communities, and they power economic growth.
I welcome the fact that the Government are already working with local authorities to implement high street rental auction powers, to breathe life back into high streets and ensure that vacant shops are occupied.
Will the Minister set out in further detail how this will help to drive up occupancy rates on our high streets and drive growth in Hertford and Stortford?
High street rental auctions are a great tool for enabling Hertford and Stortford and the rest of the country to take on persistent vacancy.
We already have trailblazers that are moving forward at great pace to implement those auctions, but the powers and the extra resources we have provided are available for all councils, and we ask them to come forward, to designate those town centres and high streets, and to start those auctions.
I was delighted to see recently that Lancashire county council and Fylde borough council have committed more funds to the St Annes pier link project, and are also looking at the Island site, which is critical for driving growth in the town centre to get that development off the ground.
What funds or grants are now available from the Government for that kind of project for which Fylde council can apply, so that it can really catalyse growth on the Island site in St Annes?
We are changing the way in which local growth is done in this country, exactly for that reason.
The previous Government wanted to subject communities to beauty parades for short-term funding, according to criteria decided by them.
Our funding plans, which will come forward at the spending review, will be long-term, allocative, and based on what the hon.
Gentleman’s community wants rather than what Ministers want.
I call the shadow Minister.
I agree with the Minister that the Government have changed how growth is happening in local government, because apart from the massive growth in the numbers of people rough sleeping and the massive growth in piles of rubbish uncollected in Birmingham, there is little evidence of economic growth at the local level.
Does the Minister acknowledge that when we compare band D equivalents, Conservative councils consistently charge much lower council tax than Labour or Lib Dem ones?
The best way for our constituents to ensure local growth is to vote Conservative at the council elections.
I have been there.
It is horrible in opposition.