Has he drawn any conclusions from that meeting about how to safeguard against unsuitable and unsustainable developments of that sort?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his question; we had a very productive discussion about the issue that he highlights.
I think he acknowledges  some of the bad outcomes that we have seen from the previous Government’s expansion of permitted development rights since 2013.
We are keeping the matter under review, and I am more than happy to have another conversation with him as we further consider policy in this area.
As we build new homes, it is important that we make sure that existing homes are as safe as they can be.
I recently met representatives of a leading fire safety business in my constituency, who told me of the unacceptably long delays that it faces from the Building Safety Regulator.
Will the Minister meet me and my local business to discuss those delays, and how we can tackle them?
My hon.
Friend raises an important issue.
The newly established Building Safety Regulator is crucial to upholding building safety standards, but I acknowledge that its operation is causing delays in handling applications for some building projects.
She will be aware that in February, the Government allocated £2 million to the BSR to accelerate the processing of applications.
We are working closely with the regulator to support the plan for improved delivery, and we will continue to keep its performance under review.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Government’s much-lauded policy of building 1.5 million new sustainable homes has been doomed from the start of this Parliament, and we now have that confirmed, with the Chancellor saying last week that only 1.3 million homes will be delivered by the end of this Parliament.
But it is worse than that.
Office for Budget Responsibility figures show that only 1.06 million homes will be built in England, which is 500,000 fewer than the Government’s target, and around 200,000 fewer than the last Conservative Government built in the past five years.
Will the Minister confirm that the goalposts have moved, and that Labour will not meet its target for housing in this country?
I am very fond of the hon.
Gentleman, but I am afraid that, characteristically, he has got this one completely wrong.
The 1.3—[Interruption.]
Will  the hon.
Member for Thirsk and Malton (Kevin Hollinrake)  give me time to answer?
The OBR estimated that our changes to the national planning policy framework alone will increase house building to 1.3 million.
That does not take into account the Planning and Infrastructure Bill, and the other changes coming forward.
The hon.
Member for Hamble Valley (Paul Holmes)  is simply wrong.
We are on course for 1.5 million homes in this Parliament.
What steps she plans to take to support house building in London.
What steps her Department is taking to increase the supply of housing.
Our country is in the midst of a housing crisis, decades in the making.
As our plan for change set out, the Government are committed to the biggest increase in social and affordable housing in a generation.
We have already taken decisive action to increase the supply of new homes, with bold reforms to the planning system and the launch of the new homes accelerator programme, which will unblock thousands of homes stuck in the planning system.
In the spring statement, we announced a £2 billion down payment to deliver up to 18,000 new social and affordable homes, and we are investing £600 million in training for new construction jobs.
Demand for housing is greatest in London, which is where the economy most needs new homes.
Building in London means less pressure on commuting infrastructure and house prices in places like rural Kent, but the housing targets for London have been cut.
The Government justify that by saying that London has
“the biggest proposed percentage increase against delivery”.—[Official Report,  12 December 2024 ; Vol.
758, c. 1067.]