We are committed to empowering leaseholders to challenge unreasonable service charge increases, and my hon.
Friend will not have to wait long for us to take action to that end.
What discussions she has had with the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the Secretary of State for Education on the potential implications for her policies of councils becoming insolvent due to inadequate funding for SEND education.
The Government recognise the impact that spending on special educational needs and disabilities is having on council finances.
A £1 billion increase to SEND and alternative provision was announced for 2025-26 in the autumn statement.
The Government intend to set out plans for reforming the SEND system in further detail this year.
That will include details on how the Government will support local authorities to deal with their historical and accruing dedicated schools grant deficits.
Next March, when local authorities can no longer exclude the high needs elements from their balance sheets, half of them will go bankrupt as it now stands.
For the East Riding, it is estimated that this year’s education budget is £17 million in deficit.
That is largely because of increased high needs spending on  pupils with special education needs.
Can the Minister give me an undertaking that we will not next year find ourselves either crushing the needs of special needs children or those of other needs in society?
First, we need to repair the system of SEND provision and deal with its impact on local authorities.
The system is not sustainable in its current form, and we must reform it from the ground upwards.
Secondly, deficits have been accruing and are still accruing, and that is a big issue.
We certainly do not intend councils to be the victims of a system over which they have had no control, and we will work with them in our endeavour to prevent that.
As a SEND parent, my view of my child’s needs is holistic: I do not believe that they simply stop where the responsibilities of a local authority lie.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that our SEND policy reflects such needs and the responsibilities of, for instance, the Department of Health and Social Care, the Treasury and the Department for Education, as well as local authorities?
As my hon.
Friend says, this issue requires a whole-of-Government approach.
When Governments work in silos, it is those who need support the most who fall through the gaps in the end.
This Government do work across Departments, including our own and the Department for Education, to ensure that we have a single plan.
Ultimately, of course, we have to deal with the financial impact on councils, but it is the young people going through the system who really matter.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests, which states that I am a trade union member.
Let me update the House on the waste dispute in Birmingham.
Our priority is tackling the misery and disruption caused to residents.
The Government have consistently urged the council and Unite to sit down and resolve the dispute; it is welcome that they met yesterday and that further talks are taking place today, but we continue to press all parties to negotiate that urgently needed resolution.
It is essential to protect public health by tackling the backlog of waste, and my Department is in close contact with the council.
This weekend I met the council leader and the managing director, and we are providing ongoing support to address the public health emergency.
Collections took place over the weekend, and will continue this week to clear the backlog and protect public health.
The Government continue to support Birmingham’s recovery.
Needless to say, everyone wishes the Secretary of State well with that.