The hon.
Member will forgive me, but I am not going to comment on the specifics of the case she raises.
We are giving serious consideration to how we better utilise public land in general, particularly in areas with constrained land allocation such as her own.
More than half my constituency casework consists of substandard repairs, poor quality communications from social landlords, and damp and mould.
That is why this week I am launching a new safe and healthy homes campaign in Kensington and Bayswater.
Will the Minister outline how the Government will work with councils and housing  associations, ahead of changes in the law and policy frameworks such as Awaab’s law, to improve standards for social tenants, including in my constituency?
We are working closely with the sector and talking through how we can best implement reforms such as Awaab’s law and our intended overhaul of the decent homes standard.
As I said in a previous question, all resident providers of social housing are required to deliver the outcomes of regulatory standards that are set by the independent regulator.
The independent regulator has powers at its disposal to identify when serious failings are taking place.
This morning, firefighters in Birmingham made it plain that they will stand in solidarity with the bin strikers in Birmingham and not collect the rubbish.
We know that there are only 17 workers, which means this is a drop in the ocean financially.
Given that the Government have said they will do all they can to bring the strike to an end, will the Deputy Prime Minister confirm that they will force the council to make the payment, and that they will deploy the Army to assist the local charities and organisations that are helping to clear up and need extra support?
The hon.
Gentleman does very well to go from zero to 100 pretty quickly on the issue, but let us step back from the immediacy of it.
Clearly,  we want all parties to be in the room negotiating the underlying pay, terms and conditions dispute that is at play.
To be absolutely clear, there has to be a red line.
This cannot stray into potentially compromising the equal pay settlement that has been agreed, so that that all begins to unravel.
Bear in mind that that has already cost the local authority £1 billion.
We support them, and we want people in the room.
The deal has to be a sustainable one that will hold.
For the final question, I call Alice Macdonald.
As the Minister will be aware, nutrient neutrality has had a big impact on Norfolk, holding up many homes and planning applications.
The launch of the Norfolk nutrient mitigation fund has helped to make a difference, but we need more environmental solutions.
Will the Minister update us on what else we will be doing to address nutrient neutrality, so that good homes and growth can be unlocked in our local area?
We are supporting a range of targeted interventions to deal with constraints such as nutrient neutrality.
In the longer term, the measures in the Planning and Infrastructure Bill that introduce the nature restoration fund will allow us to provide a win-win for both development and nature, dealing with constraints such as nutrient neutrality and unlocking the development of new homes.
(Urgent Question:) To ask the Secretary of State for Business and Trade what actions the Government are taking to prevent the closure of Scunthorpe’s steelworks.
I appeared before this House on  27 March , just moments after British Steel’s devastating announcement of early asset closures at Scunthorpe and its commercial decision to consult on large-scale redundancies.
The course of action chosen by British Steel’s owner is deeply disappointing, and our thoughts remain with British Steel workers and their families at this very concerning time.