What more can be done to ensure that residents such as my constituents are not left waiting years for repairs, and that social housing providers are meeting their obligations?
I very much agree with my hon.
Friend that her intervention should not have been required to force the provider in question to take action.
In addition to the forthcoming reforms that I referred to in my previous answer, she will know that all registered providers of social housing are required to deliver the outcomes of the regulatory standards set by the independent Regulator of Social Housing.
The regulator works intensively with providers that are not delivering those outcomes, and has a series of powers at its disposal when it identifies serious failings.
I am more than happy to discuss further with my hon.
Friend how she might seek redress for her residents.
My interests are in the register, Mr Speaker.
In what precise ways is the Minister intending to improve the decent homes standard?
We have been very clear that we are going to consult on a new decent homes standard that applies to both the social rented and private rented sectors, and I would welcome the right hon.
Member’s engagement when that consultation is published.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Despite the announcements referred to earlier, the Building Safety Regulator is now advising applicants to plan for 16 weeks to clear gateway 2.
That is holding up a disproportionate number of social homes, including 100 in the constituency of my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston and Surbiton (Ed Davey) , and it is much longer than is required for planning permission.
What steps will the Government take to reduce the wait back down to eight weeks, as it was?
Like my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bournemouth West (Jessica Toale) , the hon.
Gentleman raises an important issue.
The newly established Building Safety Regulator is crucial to upholding building safety standards, but we acknowledge that it is causing delays in handling applications, particularly for high-rise building projects on gateway 2, and there is gateway 3 after that.
The funding we have announced will make a difference, but as I have said, we are working with the regulator to support its plan for improved delivery, including increasing caseworker capacity and guidance to the sector.
We will continue to keep its performance under close review.
Whether she plans to include more local people in discussions on development in their area.
What her policy is on the future role of planning committees in the planning process.
Local plans are the best way for communities to shape decisions about how to deliver the housing and wider development that their areas need.
We want more people to be involved in the development of those local plans, and a key objective of our digital planning reforms is  increased public engagement with them.
Measures in the Planning and Infrastructure Bill will ensure planning committees play their proper role in scrutinising development without obstructing it, while maximising the use of experienced professional planners.
Across my constituency, local people are hugely frustrated at Labour-run Bradford council inundating our communities with hundreds of new houses, while not investing in local services and roads.
Despite protests and valid concerns, the council has steamrollered through developments at every stage.
Yet when vast numbers of local people in Silsden supported the development of a new farm shop on the periphery of the town—exactly the kind of new service that would promote local growth and deliver the new sustainable housing we need—Bradford council blocked the proposal.
How will the Minister ensure that local councils listen to local people and are not dictating development plans to them?
I appreciate that the hon.
Gentleman needed to make a political point to get his clip, but I am glad that we have Labour councils across the country that back development.