Collections took place over the weekend, and will continue this week to clear the backlog and protect public health.
The Government continue to support Birmingham’s recovery.
Needless to say, everyone wishes the Secretary of State well with that.
In March, the Chancellor said:
“The regulatory system has become burdensome to the point of choking off innovation, investment and growth.
We will free businesses from that stranglehold”.
In my constituency, the Finnish company Metsä Tissue wants to invest hundreds of millions to build a state-of-the-art tissue manufacturing plant.
The investment will provide 400 direct jobs, thousands of other jobs and £30 million a year for the local economy, but although the site is a freeport, the investment is hampered by monumental costs of £113 million to make it ready, although the same process on an equivalent site in Sweden will cost £4.5 million.
What are the Government doing to correct this problem?
We have been doing a lot to try to ensure that, under this Government, taxpayers get value for money from the fair and reasonable amounts that we can invest to make land ready for development.
As the right hon.
Member said, we have the freeports—some of them a legacy from the previous Government—but we want to see infrastructure built, which is why we are bringing forward the Planning and Infrastructure Bill.
We have committed ourselves to 150 new major infrastructure projects, so hopefully we will kick-start the economy in a way that his Government was unable to.
I was delighted recently to see civic and business leaders in Southampton join the Labour council in launching their Renaissance Vision, setting out an ambitious agenda for regeneration and house building in the city.
What steps will the Government take in the upcoming spending review to support and enable house building visions such as this?
I do not begrudge my hon.
Friend his attempt, but he will have to wait for the spending review outcomes to receive an answer to his question.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The effects of the Birmingham bin strike have been declared a major incident, they are a national embarrassment, and with 21° temperatures forecast for later this week, they will become a public health emergency.
While Labour Members in Birmingham are busy campaigning for an airport in Pakistan, the Secretary of State is unwilling to visit the city or take on Unite.
Is that because of the tens of millions of pounds that her party receives from Unite, or, indeed, because of the £10,000 that she received for her own election campaign?
I thought the shadow Secretary of State was better than that, but heigh-ho.
This is a local dispute, and it is right that the negotiations are led locally.
We have made it clear that both parties should get round the table, and I am pleased that that happened on Sunday and talks continue today.
Birmingham city council did declare a major incident last week; we expect the rubbish to be cleared, we expect the parties to get round the negotiating table, and we expect this to be sorted out.
The right hon.
Lady still has not explained why she has not visited the city to look at this issue at first hand.
The right hon.
Lady’s manifesto sets out the issue of preserving the green belt.
In this very House, she said that she would transform grey-belt land such as wasteland or old car parks, but also that she would protect the green belt.
In its report accompanying the spring statement last week, the Office for Budget Responsibility stated that most of the additional homes delivered—up to 500,000, according to her—will be built on the green belt.
Is it not the case that she has conned the public with her grey-belt policy, and that she has unintentionally misled this House?
I thought the hon.
Member was going to do better, but he did not.