That is why we are building 1.5 million homes and investing record amounts in housing and tackling homelessness, including £1 billion for the next year.
Since the Homelessness Reduction Act 2017 was passed, local authorities have prevented 1.4 million people from becoming homeless.
However, there is still evidence of local authorities refusing to plan to prevent people becoming homeless.
Will the Minister take up the private Member’s Bill that I championed the other week, and that was given an unopposed Second Reading, so that we put pressure on the people who should provide the housing, and no one in this country is forced to sleep rough?
The hon.
Gentleman has done a great deal of cross-party work in support of housing.
We have a consultation in place.
I am pleased to say that I have  met him on a couple of occasions, and he will be aware that we are working hard and at pace to tackle the underlying challenges.
There are 164,000 children in temporary accommodation, and rough sleeping has gone up by 164% since 2010.
We are determined to take action to deal with the challenges, but that will require concerted work.
The Deputy Prime Minister is leading the interdepartmental taskforce on homelessness.
I look forward to continuing to work with  the hon.
Member for Harrow East (Bob Blackman) .
I call the shadow Minister.
Quite rightly, the Government said in their manifesto that they wanted to reduce homelessness and rough sleeping, but instead there has been a 20% increase in rough sleeping—at its highest in London but rapidly climbing in other parts of England, such as by 67% in Derbyshire.
Homeless Link states that the Budget removed £50 million to £60 million from the sector due to national insurance increases and has called for a reset on homelessness funding.
Where is the Minister’s long-term plan for reducing homelessness?
Will she commit to seeing a fall in homelessness in the next year?
The shadow Minister should be aware of the record of his Government—a record increase in rough sleeping.
Since 2010 it went up by 164%.
The previous Labour Government cut rough sleeping by two thirds.
We have put in an additional £233 million, taking the total to £1 billion.
We have provided additional funding of £60 million to tackle winter pressures.
The hon.
Gentleman should look at the record of his Government and face up to the fact that over 14 years the Conservative party presided over record increases.
We are determined to tackle that, which is what we are doing through our cross-cutting work across Government.
What plans she has to improve security and standards in the social rented sector.
The Government are taking concerted steps to drive a transformational and lasting change in the safety and quality of social housing, including introducing Awaab’s law, and consulting on the new decent homes and minimum energy efficiency standards.
The majority of social housing tenants already have security of tenure, and our Renters’ Rights Bill will abolish section 21 evictions where those are used by housing associations.
I have been working with three groups of residents who live in buildings run by the same social housing provider in my constituency.
Many residents have come to me having been left living in horrendous conditions, with leaking roofs, damp and mould, and unfinished and unremediated works.
Following my intervention, the housing provider has agreed to a multimillion-pound upgrade in one of the buildings, to hire extra staff, and to communicate better with residents.
That is great news, but it should not have had to get to this point.
What more can be done to ensure that residents such as my constituents are not left waiting years for repairs, and that social housing providers are meeting their obligations?
I very much agree with my hon.
Friend that her intervention should not have been required to force the provider in question to take action.