People such as Sheffield Forgemasters produce steel from electric arc furnaces.
However, the hon.
Gentleman is right to talk about the importance of national security and to say that the world has changed and things have moved on, so we need to ensure that we are protecting our country as we need to.
As I said in the Chamber in response to the last urgent question on this issue, there is a reason why Putin bombed the blast furnaces in Ukraine pretty much first: it was because a country wants to have that steelmaking capacity.
We are alive to those issues, and that is why nothing is off the table.
We are doing everything that we can.
You’re not!
It is a shame that the Conservative Members who were heckling the Minister have forgotten their own Government’s failure to tackle the problems of high industrial energy prices. [
Interruption.]
They can heckle again now, but they did nothing in government.
Two weeks ago, I was at the Tata steelworks with the Energy Security and Net Zero Committee.
We spoke to people locally, who had great concerns that when the blast furnaces there shut—it was too late for this Government to take action to prevent that when they came in—it was some years before the new electric arc furnace technology was ready to be installed and to operate.
Will my hon.
Friend do everything in her power to ensure that there is not that same gap here?
The problem that has caused in south Wales has reminded people of the damage done by previous eras of deindustrialisation, and they are concerned that we are now repeating the same mistakes.
Will she confirm that the Government will do everything in their power to ensure that we do not make those same mistakes of deindustrialisation this time?
We are very much planning not to make the mistakes that my hon.
Friend talked about.
We do not want the blast furnaces to shut—that remains the Government’s view—and we will do everything we can to reach a deal with British Steel to protect workers and secure those jobs and the production of steel in the long term.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Speculation around British Steel at the Scunthorpe plant is deeply concerning for the workers and business owners alike, who are desperately waiting for the Government to deliver just one piece of good news.
Steel is vital to our green economy as it plays a huge role in our ability to extend our railways and to build zero carbon homes.
What incentive does British Steel have to keep going?
It has had to contend with the Chancellor’s decision to hike national insurance contributions and with Trump’s terrifying tariffs.
Manufacturing businesses need the Government to offer reassurance, certainty and stability.
We need to move from a patchwork of last-minute rescues to a long-term plan that will see industry on a sustainable footing.
We need a robust industrial strategy with a proper plan for steel within it.
We have been told to expect this industrial strategy shortly.
Will the Minister confirm exactly when we will have it?
Can she reassure the small and medium-sized manufacturing businesses in my constituency and across rural England that Britain wants them to grow?
Will the strategy include a long-term vision that will allow the UK to secure the investment that we need for virgin steel production?
I can reassure the hon.
Lady that we are developing a long- term plan in the industrial strategy.
We are developing the plan for steel, as I have said, and alongside that we have our trade strategy, which has become very significant in recent times.
She is right to point to the tariffs that have been placed on steel and aluminium.
This is a deeply difficult situation and I have met the steel sector on multiple occasions to talk about it.