What conversations is the Secretary of State having with key providers of national infrastructure, including the NHS and National Grid, to ensure that such obstacles are removed, so that these homes can be built?
We are bringing forward the Planning and Infrastructure Bill, as the hon.
Member knows, and we have set mandatory targets.
Unlike the previous Government, we believe that infrastructure has to come through this process, and we are working across Government to ensure that.
We are already pushing further on section 106 notices in our work with developers.
We are telling them that we want the houses, need the infrastructure, and want them to do this properly.
What steps she is taking to ensure that new homes are sustainable.
What plans she has to build more sustainable housing.
The Government are committed to ensuring that the 1.5 million new homes that we will build during this Parliament will be high-quality, well designed and sustainable.
We intend to amend building regulations later this year as part of the introduction of future standards that will set more ambitious energy efficiency and carbon emissions requirements for new homes.
I thank the Minister for his response.
While visiting the Netherlands with the Environmental Audit Committee, I saw the benefits of long-term, joined-up, strategic planning.
In Rotterdam city centre, rooftop gardens provide mental health benefits and allotment space, while at ground level, sunken community spaces and underground car parks mitigate flooding.
The Tewkesbury garden town will bring 4,000 new homes to my constituency.
Will the Minister meet me and stakeholders who support the garden town, so that we can set the standard for development across the country?
The approach of the Netherlands, not least to spatial planning and design standards, has much to commend it, but we would need a stand-alone debate to do that subject justice.
As for the Tewkesbury garden communities, they are precisely the kind of sustainable and infrastructure-led development that the Government want to see more of, and that we are backing through legislation and policy.
I would be more than happy to meet the hon.
Member and local stakeholders to discuss what more might be done to deliver on the aspirations set out in the Tewkesbury garden communities charter, which was published last year.
Last week, I visited Howgate Close housing development in Eakring in my constituency, and I am proud to say that the homes are the most energy-efficient in the country.
It would be easy to assume that houses such as those cost a fortune, but what is remarkable about that development is that they are affordable, including for some of the most vulnerable in our society.
Does the Minister agree that it is vital that energy-efficient homes are affordable and accessible to everyone, and will he come with me to visit Eakring to see that incredible development?
It may not surprise hon.
Members to hear that I am indeed aware of the nine high thermal mass buildings that have been constructed for rent at Howgate Close, and I commend the site owner, Dr Parsons, for championing such high-quality, sustainable development on his land.
We need to ensure that all new homes are future-proof, with low-carbon heating and very high-quality building fabric, including those made available for local people at affordable rents.
I will ensure that my hon.
Friend’s request for a Minister to visit Howgate Close is given due consideration.
I genuinely thank the Minister for the time he took to meet me and the chairman of a local residents’ association in an apartment block to discuss the problems of building new homes on top of existing apartment blocks, if the work is done badly.
Has he drawn any conclusions from that meeting about how to safeguard against unsuitable and unsustainable developments of that sort?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his question; we had a very productive discussion about the issue that he highlights.