My Department has allocated £160 million for 2025-26, a £30 million uplift from the previous year.
That funding is for local authorities to commission lifesaving support for victims in safe accommodation.
One of my constituents is a victim of domestic abuse and on a 999 priority list.
She was served a section 21 notice by her landlord and denied band A housing by the council because, in order to keep custody of her children, she had signed a police protection order stating that she was not at risk of domestic violence.
She was forced to choose between her children and a safe home.
What is my hon.
Friend doing to ensure that councils properly prioritise domestic abuse victims so that no one faces such an impossible choice?
I am so sorry to hear about the difficulties that my hon.
Friend’s constituent has faced.
That is horrific.
He will be aware that the Government are focused on tackling violence against women, working across Departments and being led by the Home Secretary and the Deputy Prime Minister.
Local authorities are strongly encouraged through statutory guidance to give priority for social housing to victims of domestic abuse and their families, particularly if they are homeless and require urgent rehousing.
We are also taking action to exempt victims of domestic abuse from local connection tests, where they apply, to ensure that there are no barriers to victims accessing social housing.
Over the weekend, I dealt with a case in which a homeless pregnant woman, who was a victim of domestic abuse, was kicked out of her temporary accommodation by Kirklees council for no real reason and left on the street.
Will the Minister explain or share with this House what steps will be taken to prevent councils from turfing out pregnant women who are victims of domestic abuse on to the street?
I would be grateful if the hon.
Member could write to me about that specific case.
I will follow up with him.
I recently visited the Glass Door night shelter in my constituency to hear more about the work it is doing to alleviate homelessness.
One of the things it told me was that many of the women who visit the shelter are fleeing domestic abuse.
We all know the challenges if somebody is homeless: it is almost impossible to get a job, let alone to find somewhere safe and decent to live.
The Minister has highlighted the investment.
Can she set out a little more about the money being invested in services not only to support but to protect women fleeing domestic abuse?
My hon.
Friend will be aware that the Deputy Prime Minister is chairing an interdepartmental taskforce on homelessness and rough sleeping.
A key part of our work is ensuring that we support victims of domestic abuse and violence.
As I stated, we have already allocated funding to local authorities, and we will continue to work across Government to tackle the root causes of homelessness as well as violence against women.
Victims of domestic violence urgently need safe and stable accommodation.
However, councils have no obligation to offer like-for-like housing.
Too often, the duty is discharged by suggesting private rentals, which are frequently unaffordable or unsuitable for those on low incomes.
That creates a significant barrier for many victims; it even places them in a situation where they choose not to leave, because they cannot have the housing that they need.
Will the Minister further explain how she is taking steps to ensure that victims are offered genuinely safe, appropriate and affordable housing?
Will she consider strengthening the statutory duty on councils to better support those fleeing domestic abuse?
The hon.
Member will be aware that there is a massive housing shortage and that there are challenges around supported housing.