We are developing the plan for steel, as I have said, and alongside that we have our trade strategy, which has become very significant in recent times.
She is right to point to the tariffs that have been placed on steel and aluminium.
This is a deeply difficult situation and I have met the steel sector on multiple occasions to talk about it.
That is what the conversation that is happening in Stafford as we speak is about: what extra measures need to be put in place.
The Secretary of State met the Trade Remedies Authority this morning to push on some of the issues around trade protections.
The hon.
Lady talked about the SME manufacturing supply chain.
Of course that is very important and we will do what we can within the industrial strategy and the steel strategy to support those businesses.
I understand that the speculation about what may or may not happen at Scunthorpe is deeply distressing, not just to the workers and their families but to all those who are part of the supply chain.
That is why we will continue at pace to have the conversations we need to have with British Steel to ensure that we do the right thing, and as I said, nothing is off the table.
The whole of northern Lincolnshire will feel the brunt of this British Steel decision, should the site close, and I urge Jingye to reconsider the Government’s generous £500 million offer.
Support through the Department for Work and Pensions is really welcome but the truth is that people have been leaving British Steel for years because of the cycle of its uncertain future.
I welcome the Government’s comment that no options are off the table.
In the interim, are the Government considering ordering the raw materials to keep the blast furnaces burning?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question and for pointing out that the uncertainty that has existed for many years is difficult for people, and that if they can secure jobs elsewhere, they will do that.
I have  been to Scunthorpe and talked to people who work there and to the trade unions a lot, as she would expect, to make sure that we understand all the issues at play.
I understand my hon.
Friend’s question about what we may or may not do in the immediate term, but I hope she will respect the fact that we cannot at this point talk about what we might end up doing, because those conversations are commercially sensitive.
I want to reassure her, and the whole House, that we are doing what we can to ensure we get the right solution and that we do not want the blast furnaces to close.
About 10 days ago, I urged the Minister and the Government to use this decision by the Chinese to close British Steel as an opportunity to take British Steel into public ownership.
The situation is urgent.
It has stopped ordering the raw materials for the blast furnaces, and unless those raw materials are ordered within about 10 days, those blast furnaces will go cold in mid-May.
The Minister says that no options are off the table.
Will she confirm that the Government will make those decisions and come to a conclusion about the options within this very short timeframe to ensure that the blast furnaces stay open, and that the right long-term solution is to take British Steel into public ownership and invest in it for British industry, for British Steel and for the workers in Lincolnshire?
As I said about 10 days ago, economics and jobs, not ideology, will drive the decisions that we make.
The hon.
Member is right to point to lots of speculation about the need to buy raw materials.
I assure him that we are having those conversations with British Steel, and we will continue to do so.