Friend is right, and we will do that.
The offer that was put to British Steel and which was refused included conditions to do exactly that, as well as including a number of other things around jobs, as we would expect.
It is very important that any deal using British taxpayers’ money is done in a way that we know is within the law and is a good use of taxpayers’ money.
I am very mindful of that, and I am constantly mindful of the insecurity that people who work at British Steel will feel, as well as the need for all of us to try to work as hard as we can to ensure that we get a good outcome for those people.
I thank the hon.
Lady for keeping an open mind about what to do to save the remnants of our steel industry.
Does she not agree that it is vital that we maintain a strategic capability to make steel?
Is it not unconscionable that we are building British warships with imported steel?
I recognise that the situation represents the cumulative failings of Governments over many decades, but it is now time utterly to change our policy.
That includes the energy policy, which has prioritised things other than price in relation to our energy-intensive industries.
I am glad to hear that the Government have some answer to that, but to build up a strategic capability for wartime, which is what we now need to tool up for in this country, we need a wholesale change in energy policy.
I hope that she will look for common cause between the two Front-Bench teams, because this should be done on a consensus basis.
We do not need to tear chunks out of one another for the mistakes we have all made in the past.
I agree with the hon.
Member’s premise that we need to ensure that we have steel production in the UK, although there is some nuance around some of this.
High-quality steel is being made, as we speak, for  defence purposes by electric arc furnaces.
That is perfectly possible; we melt scrap and add about 20% of primary steel.
For some things, depending on what we are making—I know too much about the steel industry now—we do not need any primary steel.
We are conducting a review of primary steel, which will be finished shortly.
Again, neither Tata nor British Steel is a critical supplier to defence programmes at the moment, but we need that steel production, as I said before, so that we can build whatever we might need in the future.
Of course, we will work cross-party; if that is his offer, it is very gladly taken.
The Minister should not waste the opportunity of a lifetime in the parties of the right urging a party of the left to nationalise a British industry.
One organisation that has been utterly consistent in all this is the GMB union: it wrote to the previous Government’s Defence Secretary saying that a business Minister had failed to answer clearly whether virgin steel was essential for defence.
Today’s Minister seems to suggest that it might not be, but we must have a quantity of virgin steel, even if we add other things to it, to embark on the process of making essential defence products.
Seize the opportunity: keep the blast furnaces, and if necessary, nationalise them for good.
If we get into conversations about different types of steel, it is like the Facebook update “It’s complicated”, right?
It is complicated.
For some things, we absolutely need primary steel; and for some things, we do not.
That is why we are carrying out a fundamental review of steelmaking and the need for it here in the UK.
Those results will come out soon.
The right hon.
Member is right that the GMB has been an advocate for this, as have Community and Unite.