China is not an epoch-defining challenge, strange as  that may be, but it is surely a threat.
Can the Government now correct that, so that we all know where we are with China?
My right hon.
Friend’s views are well known to me, I genuinely welcome the constructive, at most times, debate that I have with him, but nobody should be in any doubt about the gravity of this matter.
These are not the actions of a friendly state, and they require our serious attention.
As he has described, this is an escalating situation.
The measures that we have announced today are the first step, but the Government will respond proportionately at all times to the facts in front of us.
No one should be in any doubt about the Government’s determination to face down and deal with threats to our national security, from wherever they come.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
I thank the Deputy Prime Minister for his statement, and for advanced sight of it.
In the statement, he said:
“I have taken steps to reduce the Government’s exposure to Chinese operators, banning Hikvision and TikTok from Government buildings and devices”,
but the reality is that the Hikvision ban extends only to sensitive sites, despite the fact that we have pushed him to ensure that it extends to all public buildings.
Surely the majority of things that happen in government involve some sort of confidential information.
Will he confirm whether he is extending the ban beyond sensitive sites to all Government sites, as we have been calling for for a number of years?
The attacks on the Electoral Commission and parliamentarian accounts happened nearly three years ago.
Will we be sitting here in 2027 hearing about an attack that is happening right now?
The EU is currently delivering €240 million for cyber-security to improve its collective resilience.
Will the Government deliver an equivalent fund for these islands?
Finally, without more action, can he give us real assurances that this year’s general election will take place without international interference?
As the hon.
Lady is aware, we currently ban Hikvision, and indeed any other Chinese technology relating to CCTV.
We continue to keep that under review.
I do not rule out a further progression in the policy, but that is not the case right now.
On the time taken, it is essential that, before Ministers stand at the Dispatch Box and make assertions attributing such activity to a hostile state, we are absolutely sure of the basis on which we do so.
That requires extensive work by our intelligence agencies, it requires fine judgments to be made, and it requires work to be done with our allies around the world—there will be comments from the United States shortly after my statement.
I would rather we did this in the proper way.
We have invested £2.6 billion on cyber-security during this spending review.
I can never be totally confident in relation to cyber-security—no Government Minister anywhere in the world can be; it is an environment in which the risks are escalating all the time and are turbocharged by artificial intelligence—but I can assure the hon.
Lady and other Members that we are constantly increasing our activity and vigilance in the face of it.
Like my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith) , I am rather underwhelmed by this statement.
In the three years since seven parliamentarians were sanctioned, we have been subject to intimidation, impersonation and hacking, as have the families of exiles from China with whom we have associated.
Today, the Deputy Prime Minister has described hostile actors’ malign acts towards the integrity of our electoral system and parliamentary democracy—foreign interference—and sanctioned two individuals and one company employing 50 people with a turnover of £208,000.