Friend’s Committee to scrutinise our readiness, as the Committee has done—and I commend the report to colleagues who have not already read it—but reinvestment is needed to sustain our armed forces at warfighting level.
That is no scandal; that is the consequence of a peace dividend that rightly allowed successive Governments to disinvest in the resilience that kept our cold war force credible.
However, as the Secretary of State so rightly said in his speech the other week, we are now in a “pre-war era”, so it is the responsibility of this Government and those who follow to reinvest in the necessary warfighting capability.
The Minister rightly points to the ability to sustain fighting.
He knows that an exercise conducted with the Americans showed that the British Army would run out of munitions within  10 days.
Battles in Ukraine showed very early on that this would be an artillery war.
Why—I have asked this question of several Ministers, so I hope that he has the answer—did it take from March or April 2022 to July 2023 to place the orders for new munitions?
We cannot afford this sort of delay in the Ministry of Defence.
The contract has now been placed, and it increases our supply of .155s significantly.
I take issue with the point that the right hon.
Gentleman makes: I am not aware of the exercise he referred to, but in exercises that I have seen, in which the UK has operated alongside the US, again and again the American senior commanders have held the UK force elements in the highest regard.
As I used to do my right hon.
Friend’s job, may I join the tributes to the outgoing, outstanding Armed Forces Minister?
The “Ready for War?”
report just referenced identified problems with recruitment as one issue that impedes our ability to fight.
The Defence Secretary himself has called our recruitment system “ludicrous”, and he told The Times earlier this month that
“the ‘Amazon’ generation, which is used to getting things instantly, were not prepared to wait a year to join the army.”
He is absolutely right, so when will the utterly ludicrous “Crapita” finally be sacked?
I am unable to answer my right hon.
Friend’s specific question, but he will be heartened to hear that as a consequence of all that is going on in the world, and the geopolitical uncertainty that requires us to use our armed forces so extensively, in recent months we have enjoyed record expressions of interest in joining His Majesty’s armed forces.
Obviously, we need to make sure that the time between expressing an interest and starting training is as short as possible; all colleagues on the Front Bench perceive the need for that.
What steps his Department is taking to support defence jobs.
What steps his Department is taking to support defence jobs.
The most recent estimate shows that the Ministry of Defence supports about 209,000 jobs in industries across the UK.
I am pleased to say that this figure will be boosted further by the confirmation last week that BAE Systems will partner with a firm in Australia to build its nuclear-powered submarines.
That will support 7,000 additional British jobs across the programme’s lifetime.
Would my hon.
Friend agree that MOD procurement from small British companies in rural areas such as North Devon can significantly increase defence-related jobs there, and enhance the local economy, especially when those jobs are in high-wage research and development and manufacturing industries?
Will he commit to ensuring that the additional high-skilled jobs and economic benefits resulting from contracts are considered in future procurement decisions?
That is an excellent point from my hon.
Friend, who is a champion of defence small and medium-sized enterprises in her constituency.