I am delighted that the MOD has confirmed  the procurement of additional Chinooks, given that RAF Odiham, in my constituency, is the home of the Chinook force.
However, it is also home to the fleet’s frontline maintenance, second line engine repair, and in-depth upgrade and modification.
Given that 85% of the Chinook fleet sustainment takes place in the UK today, can I have my hon.
Friend’s assurance that RAF Odiham will remain the home of the Chinook, and that there will be a similar, if not higher, level of maintenance of the new variants here and across Britain?
I greatly enjoyed my visit to Odiham, where my hon.
Friend and I discussed a wide variety of issues.
He is right to draw attention to our commitment to the procurement of 14 extended-range Chinooks—they have a huge range, of 1,000 miles—but there is also the industrial benefit to the UK and, of course, to my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
I can confirm that not only has that procurement made us a £300 million saving, but it will contribute £150 million-worth of benefit to the UK’s prosperity.
Will my hon.
Friend update the House on progress made with UK-Ukraine defence manufacturing co-operation, especially with regard to removing the hurdles?
Is there anything more that the Government should be doing?
My hon.
Friend has championed this matter consistently.
I am pleased to say that we held the first UK trade mission in December, and that there will be further such missions.
I can confirm most importantly that, following that mission, UK defence companies and the Ukrainian Government have signed the following agreements.
Babcock has been being awarded a three-year contract by the Ukraine ministry of defence to support and maintain two mine countermeasure vessels; BAE Systems and AMS Integrated Solutions have signed an agreement that will enable them to offer specialised artillery systems support directly to the Ukrainian armed forces; and Thales has signed a memorandum of understanding with the Ukrainian drone company AeroDrone, which will bring together the best of Ukrainian and Northern Irish engineering to deliver new capability to Ukraine’s forces.
I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
Procurement of the new medium-lift helicopter has been characteristically suboptimal under the present Government, but this  particular Defence Procurement Minister has managed, with his inverse Midas touch, to ensure that costs have grown from about £1 billion to £1.3 billion, delivery forecasts have slipped six delayed years to 2031, and the number of assets to be received has fallen from 44 to 35.
Given that the forecast will inevitably slip to the right, service personnel will be under-resourced and the budget will almost certainly grow, what possible confidence can anyone have in this Defence Procurement Minister?
I will take no lectures from the hon.
Gentleman, whose party has been unable even to procure a ferry. [
Hon.
Members: “It says here!”]
I know the subject, and I can confirm to him, because I am very proud of this, that at my insistence our competition for the new medium helicopter will involve a far greater emphasis both on supporting UK industry and on supporting exports.
It is by supporting exports that we secure industrial resilience and support for prosperity across the United Kingdom.
Of course it is a competition, but we have three very good entrants.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Like others in the House, I pay tribute to the Minister for Armed Forces, my right hon.
and gallant Friend  the Member for Wells (James Heappey) —soldier, MP, and Minister during almost the entire Parliament.
His knowledge of this subject is matched only by his great passion for it, and we are all very grateful for his service.
Last week I was in Australia, signing an historic defence treaty to enhance our Indo-Pacific security, and meanwhile our trilateral AUKUS partnership with the United States is accelerating.