Mr Speaker, you and parliamentary security have already been briefed on this activity.
We want now to be as open as possible with the House and with the British public, because part of our defence is in calling out this behaviour.
This is the latest in a clear pattern of hostile activity originating in China, including the targeting of democratic institutions and parliamentarians in the United Kingdom and beyond.
We have seen this in China’s continued disregard for universal human rights and international commitments in Xinjiang, in China’s erasure of dissenting voices and stifling of the opposition under the new national security law in Hong Kong, and in the disturbing reports of Chinese intimidation and aggressive behaviour in the South China sea.
That is why this Government have investigated and called out so-called Chinese overseas police service stations and instructed the Chinese embassy to close them.
However, China’s cumulative attempts to interfere with the UK’s democracy have not succeeded.
Last summer, the Electoral Commission stated that it had been a victim of a complex cyber-attack between 2021 and 2022.
That was the work of Chinese state-affiliated actors who gained access to the Electoral Commission’s email and file-sharing systems, which contain copies of the electoral register.
As the Electoral Commission stated in 2023, when that attack was first made public, the compromise has “not affected” the security of elections.
It will not impact how people register, vote or otherwise participate in democratic processes.
I want to reassure people that the compromise of that information, although obviously concerning, typically does not create a risk to those affected.
I want to further reassure the House that the commission has worked with security specialists to  investigate the incident and remove the threat from its systems, and has since taken further steps to increase the resilience of its systems.
In addition, the National Cyber Security Centre assesses that it is almost certain that the Chinese state-affiliated cyber-actor known as APT31 attempted to conduct reconnaissance activity against UK parliamentary accounts during a separate campaign in 2021.
Hon.
Members may recall that APT31 was one of several cyber-actors attributed to the Chinese Ministry of State Security by the UK and its allies in July 2021.
That email campaign by APT31 was blocked by Parliament’s cyber-security measures; in this case, it was entirely unsuccessful.
However, any targeting of Members of this House by foreign state actors is completely unacceptable.
Taken together, the UK judges that those actions demonstrate a clear and persistent pattern of behaviour that signals hostile intent from China.
That is why the UK has today sanctioned two individuals and one entity associated with the Chinese state-affiliated APT31 group for involvement in malicious cyber-activity targeting officials, Government entities and parliamentarians around the world.
We are today acting to warn of the breadth of targeting emanating from Chinese state-affiliated actors such as APT31, to sanction those actors who attempt to threaten our democratic institutions, and to deter both China and all those who seek to do the same.
Last week, at the summit for democracy in Seoul, I said that we would call out malicious attempts to undermine our democracy wherever we find them.
This is an important tool in our armoury and today we are doing just that.
The UK does not accept that China’s relationship with the UK is set on a predetermined course, but that depends on the choices China makes.
That is why the Foreign Office will be summoning the Chinese ambassador to account for China’s conduct in these incidents.
The UK’s policy towards China is anchored in our core national interests.
We will engage with the Chinese Government where it is consistent with those interests, but we will not hesitate to take swift and robust actions wherever the Chinese Government threaten the UK’s interests—we have done so today and previously.
This Government will continue to hold China and other state actors accountable for their actions.