and gallant Friend  the Member for Wells (James Heappey) —soldier, MP, and Minister during almost the entire Parliament.
His knowledge of this subject is matched only by his great passion for it, and we are all very grateful for his service.
Last week I was in Australia, signing an historic defence treaty to enhance our Indo-Pacific security, and meanwhile our trilateral AUKUS partnership with the United States is accelerating.
As the House will know, ASC and BAE Systems have a multibillion-pound contract for the SSN-AUKUS.
Earlier today the Prime Minister and I launched our very first nuclear defence Command Paper, which will set out the true benefit of this great enterprise, making it a wholly national effort.
I welcome the publication of the Command Paper, and in particular the important role played by Rolls-Royce in Derby, but does my right hon.
Friend agree that for this to be a truly national enterprise, there must be a truly national supply chain and access to jobs for people throughout the country?
My hon.
Friend is right about the extent of the supply chain.
In addition to the very large investment in Rolls-Royce, to which the Australians contributed £2.4 billion last week, and all the work in Barrow that is described in the Command Paper, there are benefits for virtually every constituency in the country.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
We condemn the deadly terrorist attack in Moscow on Friday, and our thoughts are with all those affected, but the attack must not become a Kremlin cover for Putin’s illegal war in Ukraine.
In recent days, we have seen multiple  Russian strikes on Ukrainian cities, yet the last UK air defence support was announced last year.
When is the next one?
I join the right hon.
Gentleman in sending our condolences following the horrific terror attack.
He is absolutely right to say that we are aware of no connection whatsoever with Ukraine; indeed, ISIS has claimed responsibility.
We must resist Putin’s efforts to try to link the two.
With regard to air defence, there have been much more recent attempts to aid our Ukrainian friends, including through the International Fund for Ukraine, which has laid 27 contracts.
We have a £900 million fund, run by the UK on behalf of a large number of other countries.
Of course, anything more recent was from the International Fund for Ukraine, not the UK, which is why we strongly welcomed the £2.5 billion of UK military support for 2024.
However, for nearly three months since that announcement, Ministers have said that the first deliveries to Ukraine will not happen until Q1 of the new financial year.
Wars do not follow financial years, so when will the UK move beyond this stop-start military aid and help Ukraine with the spring/summer offensive?
I can tell the right hon.
Gentleman that we have a constant flow of foreign materiel that we are buying and sending into Ukraine.
I recently announced £325 million for British-Ukrainian drones, and we have increased the overall amount of money going to Ukraine from the previous two years’ £2.3 billion to £2.5 billion.
I gently say to the right hon.
Gentleman—this has been raised by a couple of my colleagues today—that he needs to explain how the Opposition would manage an increased budget for Ukraine, when their plan is to cut £7 billion from the overall defence budget.
An Army non-serving partner says of her children’s mental health treatment:
“When you move, they close the case, and then you have to go all the way back through the system, which takes forever.
By the time you get in, you are moving again.”
Can my right hon.
Friend please give the House an update on recommendations 74, 75 and 76 of the “Living in our Shoes” report, which deal with this issue?
I am grateful to my hon.