Can my right hon.
Friend please give the House an update on recommendations 74, 75 and 76 of the “Living in our Shoes” report, which deal with this issue?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend and, as ever, pay tribute to him for the work he has done in this area.
It is the case that when people move around the country, they are disadvantaged.
We recognise that, which is why integrated care boards are now running a pilot scheme on how we can get around people losing their places on waiting lists when they travel around the country.
Obviously, the issue involves other Government Departments too.
Nevertheless, we have a responsibility, which we discharge in a number of ways.
For example, HeadFIT is being adapted and adopted at the moment to ensure that our veterans and service families are able to access much of its content.
The Government have previously refused to confirm or deny whether Israeli F-35s have been using RAF airbases  or, indeed, other military co-operation between the UK and Israel.
Given the decision of the International Court of Justice, and now the decision of the UN Security Council to call for an immediate ceasefire, what are the operational or policy reasons that deny UK citizens the right to know whether their Government have been complicit in Israeli genocide in Gaza?
We do not comment on operational matters of that sort.
Qatar hosts Hamas’s most senior leaders in Doha, and should have been applying far more pressure on the terror group to release the Israeli hostages and to surrender.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that Qatar’s malign activities bolster our adversaries and therefore weaken our own defence?
I am not entirely sure that I do agree.
I will leave the Foreign Office to talk about the diplomatic angles that it is pursuing, but in my experience, Qatar has been an incredibly helpful partner across a whole load of things over the past few years.
We enjoy the opportunity to strengthen that partnership, both through the sale of UK-built defence capabilities and through increasingly operating together in areas of mutual concern.
It is a relationship on which the UK can build further, and has great potential.
HMS Albion is twinned with Chester, and we deeply value the ship and her company.
Can the Secretary of State provide the next date on which HMS Albion and HMS Bulwark will be at sea, or will he just admit that he has mothballed them both?
The hon.
Lady be pleased to know that I was on HMS Albion the other week and that she has not been mothballed.
The other ship will be the first to sail—I do not know the timing, as that will depend on operational requirements—but they are both continuing in operation.
Like many colleagues across the House, I attended the all-party parliamentary group for UK-Israel and Friends of Israel event.
We were joined by two released hostages and a delegation consisting of young siblings, sons, daughters, grandchildren and cousins of those being held hostage in Gaza.
It is now five months since the hostages were taken, so will the Secretary of State ensure that those victims remain right at the front of his mind in all decisions that are taken on the middle east?
My hon.
Friend can absolutely have that assurance.
It is shocking to see what is happening in the region, but it is too often forgotten—including in this House today by some Opposition Members—that this all began with the taking of those hostages.
We will never forget.
Pension justice is on everybody’s lips just now, so can the Minister tell me what this Government  have done to support the 30,000 veterans who left service before 1975 and who have lost out on preserved pensions?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his question.