Friend  the Member for Sutton Coldfield (Mr Mitchell) , who is sitting to my right, and who I think does an excellent job of answering questions in this House.
On the time that this has taken, there is a difference between acknowledging, as the Electoral Commission did, the fact that an attack has taken place, and the process of attribution, which takes a longer period of time for the reasons I have set out repeatedly from this Dispatch Box.
I am proud to have the British Library at Boston Spa in my constituency, and I will be meeting it in a week’s time to talk about the cyber-attack.
That is just one aspect of what has happened recently, but we are talking about the protection of democracy as well, and the timeframes on which we are moving on some issues does concern me.
One of the big concerns will be deepfake news profiles—with people alleged to have said things, and videos of people allegedly doing things—at the next election.
I urge my right hon.
Friend to work now to try to establish procedures so that everybody across this House will be able to call out efficiently the fake news that may be used to try to influence the election.
As he has said, people should be careful what they believe, but what can people believe in unless there are robust systems to call out what is absolutely fake?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise this issue.
We are working with tech companies on, for example, the watermarking of images to ensure that people have a sense of whether they are real.
However, this cannot just be action from the UK Government; we have to work internationally, which is why at the global summit for democracy we launched the global Government compact on countering the deceptive use of AI by foreign states in elections.
That is the United Kingdom leading across nations around the world to ensure that we can act in co-ordination  to address this issue.
Moreover, everyone in this rapidly evolving technological world needs to be mindful of the fact that information cannot be trusted in the way it used to be just a few years ago.
The Deputy Prime Minister talked in his statement about
“the powerful strength of our collective voices”.