Pension justice is on everybody’s lips just now, so can the Minister tell me what this Government  have done to support the 30,000 veterans who left service before 1975 and who have lost out on preserved pensions?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
As he knows very well, consecutive Governments have made it plain that we do not make changes to pensions retrospectively.
As for pensions for the armed forces overall, Mr Speaker, you will know, as I do as a beneficiary, that they are equitable, fair and generous.
The 2016 better defence estate plans earmarked Fort Blockhouse in Gosport for disposal, yet eight years later after numerous delays, the site is still rotting at the taxpayer’s expense.
It is doing nothing for the local economy, the local community or the MOD.
Will the Minister please update me on when can we will finally see some progress on that site?
I enjoyed my visit to my hon.
Friend’s constituency, where we looked at a range of infrastructure and accommodation.
I appreciate that she wants to see progress, but I stress that while we are engaging as closely as possible with Gosport Council on this and want to make progress, it is a complex site with significant defence events assets still in place relating to the Defence Infrastructure Organisation and the Royal Navy.
I am committed to looking at what more we can do and to engaging further with her.
Tens of thousands of pregnant women in Gaza are suffering from malnutrition and are at serious risk of delivering their babies unsafely and without healthcare.
Will the Secretary of State outline what steps he is taking, along with the Foreign Secretary, to support the delivery of food and medical supplies to those particularly vulnerable women?
We are working to try to bring supplies to all the citizens of Gaza.
I did not run through the list of provisions, but it does include provisions for those in medical need, particularly women who may be pregnant.
As I mentioned, we are working on plans with the Americans in particular, but also with the Jordanians, to provide vastly greater amounts of aid into Gaza.
The terrible terrorist attack in Moscow reminds us that jihadi extremism has not disappeared.
Given its ideology, its reach and its strength, does the Secretary of State agree that ISIS-K is just as much of a threat to the west as it is to Russia?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
There is a perception that Daesh has gone away.
The Daesh core is cooped up in prisons in northern Syria, but Daesh affiliates are growing alarmingly quickly in other parts of the world.
The attack in Moscow is a reminder to us all that we must continue to focus on the counter-terror threat as well as on the state threat.
May I wish the Minister for the Armed Forces all the very best for his next posting?
He will recall that on 1 February he made a commitment to reassess the Afghan relocations  and assistance policy eligibility, specifically for former members of the triples, and said that the process would take 12 weeks.
Will he update the House on what progress has been made on that work to date?
It is disappointing to finish on a down note, but as the hon.
Gentleman knows from a written answer that I gave him last week, it has taken longer than I wanted to establish an independent group of new casework assessors, and that 12 week period has therefore not yet begun.
I was told by officials, when I reluctantly signed off the answer to him last week, that that process was nigh-on complete and that the 12-week period should therefore start imminently.