Lady will be pleased to hear that I have sent teams both to Tampa to work with US Central Command and to the region to help with planning and constructing that pier.
In addition, right at the beginning of the conflict, I ensured that we did hydrographic research, to aid in exactly this kind of situation, when the conditions were right to get a pier built.
This is not a trivial endeavour, but we are working to deliver the pier as quickly as possible; there is the potential to get 2.5 million meals a day to Gaza.
The UK Government’s ability to deliver humanitarian aid depends on the UK’s relationship with its middle eastern partners.
What impact does the Secretary of State think that recent events and UK Government foreign policy decisions have had on that crucial relationship with those middle eastern partners?
The hon.
Lady will be pleased to hear that the Foreign Secretary, the Prime Minister and I have been very proactive in speaking to and making multiple visits to the region.
I have visited the majority of countries in the middle east and Gulf region to discuss exactly the points that she has raised.
There is now a large-scale programme of using a pier to get food in, in addition to the many other efforts made.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Colchester (Will Quince)  pointed out, the issue is not just getting the aid there, but then distributing it; that is a great concern.
I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
When will the Government make a further public determination on Israel’s commitment to international humanitarian law, given the man-made famine unfolding in northern Gaza, which is compounded by Israeli moves to obstruct access to aid?
If the UK finds, as the UN Secretary-General, Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International did, that the Israeli Government and the Israel Defence Forces have violated international law, what steps will the UK Government take to prohibit further arms sales to Israel, pending a resolution of the situation?
Given that the Security Council has just called for a ceasefire, what steps will the Government take through the defence sector to accelerate all available aid for civilians in Gaza?
It is a pity to ask all those questions without referencing the 100-plus hostages who are still being held by Hamas, who brutally slaughtered the population deliberately rather than as a by-product of war.
The hon.
Gentleman asks a number of questions.
I can tell him that on arms exports to Israel, an issue for which I am responsible, it is, to put it in proportion—I think, from the top of my head—just £48 million for the past year.
The numbers are actually very small indeed.
He will know that his latter question is one for the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office.
What recent assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the defence procurement system.
What recent assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the defence procurement system.
What recent assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the defence procurement system.
The Department uses a range of measures to assess the effectiveness of defence acquisition.
We have reduced the   average time taken to deliver our projects and programmes, but we must go further to drive pace, so last month I announced our new integrated procurement model.
The National Audit Office has previously highlighted MOD pilot training procurement failures, so is the RAF now meeting its pilot training quotas?
Is the Minister satisfied with progress in that key area?
The hon.
Gentleman asks a very important question.
Of course, training is fundamental to bringing in the next generation to man our capability.
I recently had the pleasure of visiting RAF Valley, where I discussed the issue with the RAF.
It was able to confirm to me that, for the first time in a long time, there were more students taking up their places rather than in holds.