and learned Friend will be aware of the process that we go through to determine that.
It has to be agreed through a collective Government agreement.
On the point about hostile states, though, I disagree with my right hon.
and learned Friend; it is not the case that any Five Eyes nation has designated China explicitly as a hostile state.
The language I have used in relation to China reflects the complex situation of that state, but I want colleagues to be in no doubt about the direction that Government policy is taking, how gravely we take this issue, and the overall escalation of our stance on it.
I, too, am quite surprised at the difference between what was briefed and some of the information that the Deputy Prime Minister has given us today, and the sum of the action taken.
He said that the Government had taken rapid and robust action when talking about things that happened three and four years ago, and the sanctioning of two individuals and a minor company does not seem to meet the definition of robust.
How does he think that taking the tiny steps he has announced today will deter the Chinese from carrying on in the way they have been doing, as the Deputy Prime Minister has outlined and is very clear from the China report that the Intelligence and Security Committee was finally allowed to publish late?
First, in relation to briefings, I can categorically assure you, Mr Speaker, and Members of this House that there has been no briefing whatsoever from me or my Department in respect of this matter.
As ever, I would say, “Don’t believe everything that you read in the newspapers.”
As for the overall direction of Government policy, it is clearly set.
This is not just about offensive action, but the extensive defensive action we have taken to continuously increase the security of our Government systems.
I make no apology for the time we have taken to properly call out China in this respect.
I want to make sure that when I stand at the Dispatch Box, I am able to do so on a solid basis, painstakingly put together by our allies and our security agencies.
rose—
Who shall we go to?
A former Attorney General, no less.
The front page of The Telegraph today reports Whitehall sources saying that China, Russia and Iran are even fuelling disinformation about the Princess of Wales to destabilise the nation.
Hostile states with leaders who fake their own elections and are hated by their own people are spreading wild conspiracy theories about the royal family, among many other things—our royal family who are hugely popular and much loved.
Does the Deputy Prime Minister agree that British people will ignore that grotesque disinformation despite the pathetic attempts of those autocratic regimes?
I thank my right hon.
and learned Friend for raising the issue, and extend my best wishes to members of the royal family at this very difficult time.
The appalling speculation that we have seen over the past few weeks comes as a reminder to us all that it is important for us to ensure that we deal with valid and trusted information, and are appropriately sceptical about many online sources.
As one of the parliamentarians targeted, can I thank the security officials for the work they did to repel this attack?
I am glad it was not successful.
However, I have to say that the Deputy Prime Minister has turned up at a gunfight with a wooden spoon.
The attack that he stood up and announced at the Dispatch Box happened three years ago, but he comes to the House and calls this “swift”.
He comes to the House and says he has taken robust action but, as  the hon.
Member for East Worthing and Shoreham (Tim Loughton)  mentioned, the entity he has sanctioned has fewer than 50 employees and has a turnover of £200,000 a year.