The question of whether our armed forces are fit for purpose should centre on whether they can carry out the defence tasks set by the MOD, and I believe that they can.
If I may carry on in the same vein as the previous response, does the Minister agree that Labour’s failure to commit to spending more than 2% of GDP on defence presents a much bigger risk to UK security than any objective debate on this side of the House?
Absolutely.
We should urgently achieve 2.5% of GDP; the fiscal situation is improving, and the Conservative party has made that commitment.
As the Secretary of State rightly said in an interview the other day, both main parties should strongly consider a further increase in defence spending in the next Parliament.
I call the shadow Minister.
As the former Defence Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Wyre and Preston North (Mr Wallace) , told the House last January, the Government have “hollowed out and underfunded” the UK military over the last 14 years.
That is in large part due to their total failure on armed forces recruitment, and damning new figures show that over the last decade, 800,000 people who were willing to serve and defend their country simply gave up and withdrew their application.
The current Defence Secretary says that the recruitment system is “ludicrous”, and the organisation running it got called the wrong name by  the right hon.
Member for Rayleigh and Wickford (Mr Francois) , but where is the plan to fix this?
It is not working.
The right hon.
Lady is conflating two separate issues.
The former Secretary of State for Defence and I, and everybody else who has served on the Government Front Bench since we have returned to the prospect of state-on-state war, have referred to a hollowing out of the force.
That is a consequence of decisions made not just by this Government, but by  Governments since the fall of the Berlin wall, because the force that we maintained for the cold war and all its enablement was not necessary when we were fighting counter-insurgency campaigns in Iraq and Afghanistan.
That is what is meant by hollowing out.
The sooner the right hon.
Lady starts to deal with that issue, rather than conflating it with others to make political points, the sooner she will start to contribute to an important debate.
As far as recruitment goes, record interest has been shown in joining our nation’s armed forces, and there is no hiding from the fact that we need to rapidly accelerate the time between expressing an interest and being in training.
Can we accelerate the questions, too?
What assessment he has made of the security of the sovereign base areas and the armed forces in Cyprus.
The UK continually assesses potential threats to our overseas territories, including the sovereign base areas on the island of Cyprus.
British Forces Cyprus provides a permanent military presence, and we are investing in the SBAs to combat current and future threats, in order to ensure local, regional and global security.
I thank the Minister for his response.
The Secretary of State has said:
“We want to do everything possible to ensure the security of Cyprus”.
Does the Minister agree that it would be appropriate to keep the Cypriot Government informed of all UK military operations conducted from their island?
Should not that be an official obligation, for the security of Cyprus?
The SBAs are sovereign bases, so of course we reserve the right to operate from them as needed, based on the UK national interest.
The hon.
Gentleman will be reassured to hear that the Secretary of State, his predecessors, other Ministers in the MOD and I have very good relations with the Cypriots, and we seek to tell them as much as we can about operations that we mount from SBAs there.
I would like to add to the warm words said about my right hon.