Lady has raised that issue.
She will know that we have a defence suicide prevention strategy, which is reviewed regularly.
She will also know that, overall, suicide in the armed forces is below what we might expect in the civilian population.
There is a sub-group within that—young men—where it looks as if the rate is going up.
We are looking very closely at that to better understand the reasons for it and how we can prevent it.
My constituent joined the Army in 1987 and served in the Queen’s Lancashire Regiment until 1994.
During a wrongful operation, he severed all the nerves in his feet.
He is now 52 years old and suffers from several conditions that leave him in excruciating pain every day.
He was on disability living allowance and then moved to personal independence payments, but 18 months ago he was told that he was no longer eligible.
Is that really the way to treat our veterans?
I am very sorry to hear about the hon.
Lady’s constituent.
If she would like to write to me with the details, I will be more than happy to take up that case.
As I said in my opening remarks, we work with other Departments, and it sounds as if this is not principally the responsibility of the MOD, but I would be more than happy to hear from her about her constituent.
About a year ago, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wrexham (Sarah Atherton)  undertook an important and groundbreaking piece of work on behalf of female veterans and women in the armed forces.
Following that, I had the honour of helping her to set up the all-party parliamentary group on women in defence, which has given a platform to female veterans and service personnel, as well as those who work in defence and the charitable sector, to talk to Members from across the House at every level.
We are very much looking forward to the female veterans strategy.
Can my right hon.
Friend assure me that the Government remain committed not just to equal treatment for women in the armed forces, but to an equally positive experience for everyone who chooses to serve?
I can absolutely give my hon.
Friend that assurance.
I pay tribute to him and to our hon.
Friend  the Member for Wrexham (Sarah Atherton)  for all their hard work to improve the position of women in our armed forces.
Women are absolutely central to the way in which defence will be going in the years ahead, as encapsulated in our target to have our armed forces be 30% female by 2030—a challenging and ambitious target.
I should mention our improvements to unform policies, mentoring, flexible service, wrapround childcare, and of course our zero tolerance for unacceptable sexual behaviour, as examples of things we have done recently to improve the lived experience of women in our armed forces.
At the last census, just over 17,000 veterans were living in Birmingham, 35% of whom were over the age of 80.
Despite pledges to end veteran homelessness, Government figures show that it rose last year by 14%, and up to 180 veteran households across the UK are made newly homeless each month.
Can the Minister tell me what he is doing to ensure that veterans in Birmingham and across the UK, who made enormous sacrifices for our safety and security, do not end up homeless?
It is plainly not right that anybody should be without a home, be they a veteran or not.
We are doing everything in our power to ensure that people are set up well for civilian life as they transition out of the armed forces.
The overwhelming majority of people who leave our armed forces are in precisely that position.