It remains safe in our hands.
When assessing our ability to influence the stability of that region, or any other, has the Secretary of State conducted any kind of impact assessment of the reduction of our investment in international aid from 0.7% of GDP, or the fact that we have the smallest standing Army in the United Kingdom for 200 years?
The hon.
Gentleman will recognise that I look after the Defence budget, rather than the overseas development budget, but I think he will welcome the fact that, because of the Indo-Pacific tilt, we have ships with a permanent presence there—HMS Spey and HMS Tamar—and the littoral response group south, which operates in the Indo-Pacific.
We have already sent the carrier strike group previously; it is going to the region again next year.
That is in addition to the global combat air programme sixth-generation programme, and of course AUKUS, for which I was in Australia at the weekend.
I think we can all agree that we are doing a lot more than ever before in the Indo-Pacific.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
As you did, Mr Speaker, I pay tribute to the Armed Forces Minister at his last Defence questions.
Since the last election, we have had five Chancellors, four Foreign Secretaries, three Prime Ministers and two Defence Secretaries, but only one Armed Forces Minister.
He has been a rare constant in the turmoil of Government, totally committed to defence.
We thank him for that and wish him well.
On the Indo-Pacific, we welcome last week’s updated defence agreement with Australia, further progress on AUKUS, and today’s 10-year plan for Barrow to support AUKUS.
This is our most important strategic alliance beyond NATO, so why has the Defence Secretary given the leadership of key parts of AUKUS to the most junior Minister in his Department?
As I explained, I have just been in Australia talking about AUKUS.
I have previously been to Japan, I think at least twice but possibly three times, on AUKUS, and to Italy—sorry, not to Italy, obviously, on AUKUS; that was on GCAP, but with an Indo-Pacific tilt.
I agree with the right hon.
Gentleman’s comments about the Armed Forces Minister, but I am interested to hear his comments on the Indo-Pacific.
Back in 2021, when the integrated review suggested a tilt to the Indo-Pacific, he called it a serious flaw in the programme, and urged us not to defocus from elsewhere in the world.
What recent steps Veterans UK has taken to support veterans and their families.
What recent steps Veterans UK has taken to support veterans and their families with the cost of living.
What steps his Department is taking to support veterans.
What recent steps Veterans UK has taken to support veterans and their families with the cost of living.
With other Government Departments, the Ministry of Defence delivers a range of services to our brilliant veterans and their families.
That includes the administration and payment of armed forces pensions and compensation, the provision of tailored advice and assistance through the veterans welfare service, defence transition services and the integrated personal commissioning for veterans.
A new report from Northumbria University found that suicide among serving personnel and veterans could be reduced if there was better understanding within existing care provision of the specific challenges that they face.
The report also found that military families felt unheard, misunderstood and not cared for during the most difficult periods of their lives, so what steps is the Minister taking, alongside our NHS, to deliver compassionate trauma-informed support for serving personnel and veterans?
I am glad that the hon.
Lady has raised that issue.
She will know that we have a defence suicide prevention strategy, which is reviewed regularly.
She will also know that, overall, suicide in the armed forces is below what we might expect in the civilian population.