The question of whether our armed forces are fit for purpose should centre on whether they can carry out the defence tasks set by the MOD, and I believe that they can.
If I may carry on in the same vein as the previous response, does the Minister agree that Labour’s failure to commit to spending more than 2% of GDP on defence presents a much bigger risk to UK security, objectively, than any matter of debate among Members on this side of the House?
The WASPI website has a grim counter of affected women’s deaths and of money saved by the Treasury.
The current figures are 273,000-plus women and well over £4 billion.
They are rising by the minute.
How far have the consequences of the Government’s 2022 disastrous mini-Budget affected their thinking on this matter?
If the Secretary of State will not commit to full level 6 compensation, as the ombudsman recommends, what does he have to offer Linda Gregory, my constituency born in 1953?
She “did the right thing,” as he said.
She did her sums, got her forecasts and was repeatedly assured by the DWP and HMRC that she had contributions to retire at 60 in order to look after her ailing mum—before this surprise was sprung on her, which has so far cost her £40,000.
Before we come to questions to the Secretary of State for Defence, may I just say this to Minister Heappey: you will be missed and I am sorry you are stepping down.
On a personal level, I thank you for your private briefings to ensure that the House was kept informed.
You will be missed and I thank you for that service.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What recent assessment he has made of the potential merits of publishing all documents relating to the bombing of RFA Sir Galahad.
I recognise the substantial public and parliamentary interest in this matter.
Consequently, I recently visited the National Archives at Kew to view the RFA Sir Galahad files.
As a result, we are looking to release a further two files, subject to the Ministry of Defence’s legal advisers confirming that individuals’ rights under the Data Protection Act 2018 would not be contravened.
In relation to the five files of witness statements, I want maximum transparency, subject to the Public Records Act 1958 and ensuring that personal data is protected.
I shall provide a further update shortly.
On Saturday I attended the first remembrance and reunion event for the survivors and families of those who were lost in the attack on the Sir Galahad.
I know that the Minister knows this—and I thank him for his earlier response—but it is deeply important that the remaining documents from the board of inquiry are released, so that we can get to the truth of what happened on  8 June 1982 .
He has told us what he might release, but, for those who have lived with this for 42 years, can he tell us when we will have those decisions?
I pay tribute to the hon.
Lady for the tenacity with which she has pursued this.
I have enjoyed our meeting to discuss the matter and also the meetings with the Welsh Guards.
It is important that this is handled quickly.
We are moving at pace to ensure that we can do so—with, of course, the caveats that I have just described.
I knew people who served in the Welsh Guards at the time—I was myself in the Scots Guards—and a number who did not come back.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Newport East (Jessica Morden)  on her question.
My right hon.
Friend says that he is moving at pace, but the key point is that it is now decades since this happened.
There is now no question but that some kind of cover-up took place.