It is plainly not right that anybody should be without a home, be they a veteran or not.
We are doing everything in our power to ensure that people are set up well for civilian life as they transition out of the armed forces.
The overwhelming majority of people who leave our armed forces are in precisely that position.
By using measures such as the defence transition service for those who might have particular problems when they return to civilian life—as all members of the armed forces ultimately do—we are ensuring that we minimise the number of people who have served in our armed forces and are left without a home.
Is the Minister aware of the excellent work of the Battle Back Centre in Lilleshall in my constituency, a successful collaboration between the Royal British Legion and Sport England?
Would he, or perhaps the Minister for Veterans’ Affairs, consider visiting the centre soon, given that it has treated more than 6,000 serving and ex-service personnel for all sorts of injuries?
The staff there are fabulous and superb, and they deserve a visit.
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for the invitation, which I will most gladly take up.
I pay tribute to Battle Back, which does a wonderful job, and to him for his work supporting it.
Veteran Roy Sagar, a familiar face to us all in Morley, recently passed away in his mid-90s.
He did so much for veterans and the Royal British Legion locally, and was our parade marshal.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in paying tribute to Roy and all our unsung hero veterans for all they do, and in sending thoughts and prayers to Roy’s family?
Yes, I very much do so.
Our veterans are a wonderful part of our communities and deserve all the support we can give them.
I also pay tribute to the Royal British Legion, which is always there for our veterans when they need it—I speak as president of my local branch.
The legion is a powerful institution—I know you have had a lot to do with it, Mr Speaker—and an important part of what and who we are, and I pay tribute to it, as well as to my hon.
Friend’s late constituent.
I call the shadow Minister.
I appreciate the Minister’s earlier answer, but when Royal British Legion Industries says that 6,000 veterans are homeless or in danger of becoming so, is there a need for more urgent intervention, or is the Minister for Veterans’ Affairs right to hail getting 500 off the streets as a triumph?
I think that getting 500 off the streets is good—it is certainly a start—but one person without a home is one too many, whether they are a civilian or a veteran.
The important thing is that we look at factors that might be peculiar to defence that predispose people to homelessness, because we have a particular duty to those people in accordance with the military covenant.
In general, as the hon.
Gentleman and I both know, people leaving the armed forces are much better placed for the balance of their lives in civilian life than their equivalents in civil society, but that is not the case for everyone.
Some people fall through the cracks, and we must ensure that they are scooped up and looked after.
What progress his Department has made on improving the readiness of the armed forces.
Mr Speaker, thank you very much indeed for your words at the beginning of questions.
I also thank the shadow Secretary of State,  the right hon.
Member for Wentworth and Dearne (John Healey) .
You were both very kind indeed to say what you said.
The UK armed forces are meeting all of their commitments, but there is no mistaking that they are very busy, as one would expect at such a turbulent geopolitical time.