A key component of increasing our resilience is supporting the NCSC and parliamentary authorities by taking up that cyber-security offer.
I urge all Members of this House to do so.
I will be writing to colleagues later today, setting out again the steps that they can take.
At the summit for democracy, I was struck by the powerful strength of our collective voices when we work together to defend our democratic freedoms.
The summit provided the United Kingdom Government with a platform to build international agreements on a new global Government compact on countering deceptive use of AI by foreign states in elections.
It is important and welcome that our partners across the Five Eyes, as well as those in Europe and the Indo-Pacific, are standing in solidarity with our efforts to call out malicious cyber-activity.
I pay tribute to the dedicated public servants, whose painstaking work has continued to expose the reality of the threat we face.
Our political processes and institutions have not been harmed by these attacks.
The Government will continue to call out and condemn this kind of activity in the   strongest terms.
We will continue to work with our allies to ensure that Chinese state-affiliated actors suffer the consequences of their behaviour.
We will take preventive action to ensure these attempts do not succeed.
The cyber-threat posed by China-affiliated actors is real and serious, but it is more than equalled by our determination and resolve to resist it.
That is how we defend ourselves and our precious democracy, and I commend this statement to the House.
rose—
Order.
This was an important statement, which is why it has run on quite a lot longer than the normal 10 minutes.
I am sure everybody will agree that if the two Front-Bench speakers need a little extra time, we will be flexible in exactly the same way.
I call the shadow Secretary of State, Pat McFadden.
I thank the Deputy Prime Minister for his statement, and for advance sight of it.
It is a statement about which there has been significant briefing in the press over the past couple of days.
On questions of national security, Labour will support the Government in efforts to counter attempts by China, or any other state, to interfere with or undermine the democratic process, or attempts to stop elected representatives going about their business, voicing their opinions, or casting their votes without fear or favour.
With that in mind, I pay tribute to the efforts made every day by the intelligence and security services to protect the public, and to protect our democracy and way of life.
The economic relationship between the United Kingdom and China can never mean compromising on national security or our democratic integrity.
The Deputy Prime Minister’s statement touches on a number of issues, and I have some questions about them.
Will he say more about the Government’s assessment of Chinese motives?
Does he believe, for example, that Beijing wants to disrupt our democratic process, or instead to gather data about our citizens for some other reason?
On the specific issue of the Electoral Commission and the electoral register, why does he think that the Chinese Government hacked what is a publicly available database?
Does he believe they were after the details of those who may not be on a public register for good reasons, for example because they might be employed in security-sensitive areas?
Does he believe they were after details and the personal data of political donors, or was there some other motive?
The Deputy Prime Minister referred to the democratic electoral process, and with an election coming it is vital that people have confidence in their ability to register and to vote.
Will he confirm that our electronic register to vote system is sufficiently well protected?
He said that the attacks on parliamentary accounts were unsuccessful.