Friend  the Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith) , I am rather underwhelmed by this statement.
In the three years since seven parliamentarians were sanctioned, we have been subject to intimidation, impersonation and hacking, as have the families of exiles from China with whom we have associated.
Today, the Deputy Prime Minister has described hostile actors’ malign acts towards the integrity of our electoral system and parliamentary democracy—foreign interference—and sanctioned two individuals and one company employing 50 people with a turnover of £208,000.
Does he think that that is proportionate, and can he confirm that the Government will put the whole of the Chinese Communist Government in the enhanced tier of the foreign influence registration scheme?
My hon.
Friend may be aware that we are currently in the process of collective Government agreement in relation to the enhanced tier of the foreign interference registration scheme.
Clearly, the conduct that I have described today will have a very strong bearing on the decision that we make in respect of it.
In relation to the sanctions, it is worth noting that this is the first time that the Government have imposed sanctions in respect of cyber-activity.
I believe that they are proportionate and targeted, but they also sit in the context of actions that we have been taking with our international allies.
They are a first step, and we remain totally open to taking further steps as the situation evolves.
The path we are going on with this is clear.
My first reaction is: “Is that it?”
The spin was clearly not matched by this statement.
The Deputy Prime Minister says that there is an issue around nuclear and higher education.
That is because the Government encouraged China to invest in nuclear, and cut the budgets of our universities so they are reliant on Chinese students.
The Deputy Prime Minister also ducked the question asked by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Wolverhampton South East (Mr McFadden)  about Lord Cameron.
Will Lord Cameron publish all the money and interactions that he had with Chinese entities when he was out of government?
The Deputy Prime Minister says that he is committed to the security services.
Why, then, in the Budget on  6 March , was the security budget cut by £600 million next year?
That is not a sign of a Government who are taking this issue seriously.
The Foreign Secretary has provided a full declaration of all his interests—
No he hasn’t!
I will take lectures from Labour Members on action in relation to security threats with a pinch of salt.
It was this Government who introduced the National Security and Investment Act 2021; it was this Government who passed the Higher Education (Freedom of Speech) Act 2023; it was this Government who passed the National Security Act 2023—none of which we saw from the Labour party during its years in office.
We have seen reports of espionage on UK campuses, aggression on UK soil, massive cyber-attacks and hostile corporate takeovers.
It is abundantly clear that China is a hostile state and poses an unprecedented threat to our national security.
As Home Secretary, I oversaw the enactment of the National Security Act, which built the foreign influence registration scheme designed specifically to deal with such threats so that our authorities have the right powers to tackle them.
Is there not a compelling case for China to be listed on that register, and if not now, when?
I pay tribute to my right hon.
and learned Friend for the work that she did—she and I worked closely together on many of those things.
There is a strong case, and my right hon.
and learned Friend will be aware of the process that we go through to determine that.
It has to be agreed through a collective Government agreement.
On the point about hostile states, though, I disagree with my right hon.