Of course, training is fundamental to bringing in the next generation to man our capability.
I recently had the pleasure of visiting RAF Valley, where I discussed the issue with the RAF.
It was able to confirm to me that, for the first time in a long time, there were more students taking up their places rather than in holds.
That is a key metric in which we are seeing significant progress, but yes we want to go further.
Last March, the Government said that they would have their Ajax scheme ready between October 2028 and September 2029.
Given that only 25% of armoured vehicles have been produced, are the Government on target to meet that deadline?
Yes.
Notwithstanding the waste of £5 billion in procurement since 2019, will the Minister join the shadow Secretary of State for Defence, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Wentworth and Dearne (John Healey)  in a campaign to make in Britain, ensuring our industry and economy move together to support not just our defence, but our economy?
How will he achieve that given that Tata Steel—to which we have paid £500 million —is cutting down its blast furnace capacity?
How will we be able to proceed with the AUKUS contract and other contracts without virgin steel?
On the important question of steel, we do not expect the closure of Port Talbot to have a significant impact on defence, but obviously we will continue to monitor that situation.
I would just gently point out that in 2022-23, the last year for which we have figures available, 89% of spend by the MOD with industry was with British industry.
It will be an awful lot harder to make that level of spend if Labour is unable to commit to matching our spending commitments.
If the hon.
Gentleman is so concerned, perhaps he will join other colleagues on the Labour Benches in insisting that the shadow Secretary of State confirms whether he will match 2.3% of GDP now and our target of 2.5% as soon as the economy supports it.
May I take this opportunity to also place on record my thanks to the Minister for Armed Forces, my right hon.
and gallant Friend  the Member for Wells (James Heappey)  for all the work he has done?
It was a joy to work with him when I was in the Department.
I thank the Minister for Defence Procurement for his procurement review.
It is an excellent document, moving forward in a pragmatic way.
As part of that review, will he reassess where potential gaps might occur between old platforms being retired and new platforms being delayed?
Does he agree that housing procurement—accommodation for our armed forces—is as much an operational capability as a tank?
My right hon.
Friend makes an excellent point.
He made a similar point in the debate on readiness last week about the importance of accommodation.
I think we can all agree that there is a tendency in defence to focus on the big shiny platforms.
Accommodation is a key priority; we are very committed to improving accommodation.
We know that in the winter before this one performance was not satisfactory.
That is why we put in extra investment of £400 million and announced a winter plan.
I am pleased to say that we have made huge progress, for example in ensuring that thousands of properties have work achieved on damp and mould.
I am delighted that the MOD has confirmed  the procurement of additional Chinooks, given that RAF Odiham, in my constituency, is the home of the Chinook force.
However, it is also home to the fleet’s frontline maintenance, second line engine repair, and in-depth upgrade and modification.
Given that 85% of the Chinook fleet sustainment takes place in the UK today, can I have my hon.