The issue of the adequacy of the vaccine damage payment scheme will be fully on the agenda for that meeting in July.
At the hearing, we heard from legal representatives of some of the groups of people who have suffered vaccine damage.
Ms Morris was their counsel.
She said:
“The primary causes of these injuries and deaths are: vaccine-induced thrombotic thrombocytopenia, or VITT; vaccine induced vasculitis; stoke; cerebral venous sinus thrombosis; and Guillain-Barré syndrome.
Survivors are having to cope with the aftereffects of their injuries, including brain damage and physical disablement, whilst the bereaved are struggling to live without their partners, children or parents.
All VIBUK members have a confirmation that their injuries were caused by the Covid-19 vaccine.”
That issue will be debated at the inquiry next year.
Ms Morris KC goes on to say:
“In addition to their injury and bereavement, those we represent have also experienced a second trauma: a lack of medical knowledge and understanding about the risk and presentation of vaccine injury has left injured people undiagnosed and without treatment.
Furthermore, the prevailing institutional mindset within medical bodies and the government has been fixated solely on acknowledging the benefits of the vaccine.
This has led to those reporting vaccine injury to feel disbelieved, unheard and marginalised.”
She goes on:
“Censorship is a very real issue, my Lady for the vaccine injured and bereaved.
Their support groups have been shut down by social media platforms and their experiences censored by the mainstream media.
They have to speak in code online for fear of having their only source of support taken away from them.
They face stigma and abuse for sharing their symptoms in the context of the Covid vaccine and even been branded as anti-vax for sharing very real and medically proven vaccine injuries.”
She then says:
“In August of last year the UK CV Family lost its first member to suicide and a survey of their members reported 73% have considered suicide.”
These issues are going to be debated at the covid inquiry.
Why are the Government not doing something more actively now?
My hon.
Friend, as ever, is making a powerful case.
Has he had any indication of whether in the covid inquiry—or even his Bill; it was not entirely clear from my reading of it, although perhaps he will correct me—any changes should be made retrospectively, so that cases that had already been considered, either on the disability threshold or maximum compensation, would be revisited in the event of any changes being made?
My hon.
Friend makes a very good point.
My view is that the changes should be retrospective in relation to those whose claims have already been dealt with.
The relatively small number of people in respect of whom causation has been established but the disability threshold of 60% has not been met could be dealt with in a routine way.
There is also the bigger issue of whether the £120,000 payment, which has not been increased since 2007, should be updated in line with inflation.
When I have raised this with the Minister in the past, she has said she is looking at it or taking into account the points that have been made.
It is a blatant abuse.
If in 2007 the Government thought that £120,000 was a reasonable payout, why do they now think that a significantly lower sum in real terms is appropriate?
The Government are the cause of this rampant inflation, and they are one of the main beneficiaries of it, because they are refusing to index tax allowances in line with inflation.
The Government’s coffers are filling up as a result of these inflationary pressures, and yet they continue to be Scrooge-like in relation to people who did the right thing and got themselves vaccinated in the interests of public health but suffered consequences because of an adverse reaction.
This is just not good enough.
Will the Government listen?