Would it not be so much better for the Government to undertake the action set out in the Bill now, rather than waiting for the inevitable next summer?
In a sense, the Government have been found out now: everybody realises that, contrary to the impression given for a long time, for some people—an unfortunate minority—the covid vaccines were very bad news.
In some cases, they resulted in deaths and bereavements.
The failure to face up to that is at the heart of my concern and led to my producing the Bill.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for sponsoring it.
Unlike many Bills that I have introduced in this place, this Bill has some explanatory notes, so people who look at it can see that what we are asking for is reasonable.
It does not need legislation; all it needs is will on the part of the Government to act now and do the things set out in the explanatory notes.
As my hon.
Friend said, this is an issue that will not go away, and it is now very much on the agenda.
In the meantime, thousands of people have put in their claims, and those claims are being dealt with pitifully slowly.
Only about half of them have been assessed.
Some of the latest statistics that I have got—it is quite difficult to drill them out of the Government through parliamentary questions—say that, as of  19 September , 221 claims would have been successful on the basis of causation but fell short because they did not meet the 60% disability threshold, and 142 claims have been awarded because they did exceed the 60% threshold.
That is 363 cases where it is accepted that the disabilities suffered are as a direct consequence of the vaccine.
Is it not interesting that of those 221 claims that fell below the 60% disability threshold, some 116 would have exceeded a 20% threshold?
Does that not show that the Government are being unreasonable in sticking to a 60% disability threshold, rather than reducing the threshold in the way that I suggest in the Bill?
In the response to parliamentary question 199355, which I received on  19 September , I was told:
“From  1 October 2021  to  1 September 2023 …6,809 claims relating to COVID-19 vaccinations”
had been made under the scheme,
“and 251 claims relating to vaccines for other illnesses”,
including 15 for measles, mumps and rubella.
I think most reasonable people would say that the alarm bells should be ringing very strongly, because almost all the claims that the vaccine damage payment scheme has received in the last two years have been in relation to covid-19 vaccines.
There have been hardly any in relation to MMR—15, as against 6,809—and failing to deal adequately with those 6,809 claims is actually undermining the case of vaccine confidence.
As a consequence, we are seeing a lower take-up of vaccines.
People do not trust the vaccines and do not trust the Government, and their lack of trust is centred around the way in which the Government have responded—or failed to respond—to the vaccine damage that has resulted from covid-19 vaccines.
This is a very serious issue.
This is a serious issue.
I just hope that the Minister will be rather more forthcoming in her response than she and her predecessors have been in the past.
We have not really got beyond the point of the Government accepting that people have died or suffered serious injury as a result of the vaccines.
I am sure that my hon.
Friend will come on to this point, and I do not want to steal his thunder.
However, the authorities are now accepting that people have been damaged.
They would not be making these payments unless they accepted that damage had actually taken place.
Nevertheless, in some cases the compensation being given does not cover the costs of dealing with the disabilities that people have as a consequence.