It has to be remembered that we will still be introducing a new duty on employers to take reasonable steps to prevent sexual harassment in the workplace, so I hope hon.
Members can see that we are strengthening protections, but we have to be alive to the concerns of the other place.
We have accepted Lords amendment 2—to leave out the word “all” in clause 2, page 2, line 27—which changes the requirement on employers in respect of their duty to prevent sexual harassment from taking “all reasonable steps” to taking “reasonable steps”.
I understand that the removal of “all” means that that duty does not go as far as the hon.
Member for Bath would originally have liked, but it does reassure Members in the other place that the introduction of a duty on employers to take reasonable steps to prevent sexual harassment will strengthen protection for workers.
Before I close, I will touch on the concerns expressed by my hon.
Friend the Member for Devizes.
It is important to say that the Government recognise that sexual harassment in the workplace exists, and while protecting free speech is important, we constantly hear of these experiences, day in and day out—particularly the experiences of women, but  the hon.
Member for Bristol East (Kerry McCarthy)  touched on the harassment of men as well.
We cannot stand by and let that continue.
Guidance and measures are already in place to encourage employers to protect their employees, and the tribunal system is in place as well, but that is clearly not enough, which is why the Bill is so important.
However, we have listened to the concerns around the impact on freedom of speech.
I am very happy to support the hon.
Member for Bath, and thank her again for all her work in this place on the Bill and for her pragmatism.
I know that the amendments were difficult ones to accept, but this Bill will make a difference to the safety of workers in the workplace, and I congratulate her on her work.
Private Members’ Bills are fragile things: they rely on cross-party support, but also support in both Houses.
For that reason, it was very important to be pragmatic; otherwise, the whole Bill would have fallen.
I am grateful for the Government’s patience and their support for the part of the Bill that we all can agree is so important, which is to create a preventive duty on employers.
If the Bill passes today, it will be a good day, and I hope everybody will be able to support the amendments so that it can pass.
Lords amendment 1 agreed to.
Lords amendment 2 agreed to.
Second Reading
Debate resumed.
Question ( 3 March ) again proposed, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
I call Sir Christopher Chope.
Mr Deputy Speaker, I had already finished speaking, and I think the Minister’s predecessor was in the middle of responding.
That is entirely my error.
I did not have the pleasure of being here for the first part of the debate.
I call the Minister.
Thank you, Mr Deputy Speaker, and I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Christchurch (Sir Christopher Chope)  for raising this important topic.
If I may say so in passing, we did not debate today his thoughts about children’s clothing, but I am very happy to meet him about that on behalf of my Treasury colleagues.
My hon.
Friend and indeed I and all my colleagues believe passionately in people keeping more of what they earn.
To do that, we need to ensure that Government money is spent as if it is our own.
We need to ensure it is always spent prudently and delivers the maximum return possible for ordinary taxpayers.