Those figures speak for themselves about why parliamentary intervention is needed.
I am glad that we are supporting this Bill.
My hon.
Friend talks about women being subject to sexual harassment, and we know that the problem is endemic, but it also seems that, increasingly, young men are reporting that they are falling foul of that—even in this place.
It is really important that we recognise that men, particularly younger men, can be victims as well.
Yes, that is absolutely right.
The Equality Act is framed in such a way that it protects everyone from harassment on the basis of their sex.
I think that we now have a Bill that, after the amendments, to our regret will not protect workers from third-party harassment.
The duty to take all reasonable steps has now been reduced or watered down to taking reasonable steps.
We are disappointed that the Bill returns in a form that looks very different from what was originally passed by this House.
It seems that the original good intentions of the Bill have—to use the terms of the hon.
Member for Devizes—been “gutted”, and I am sorry to say that seems to have been with the support of the Government.
Let us not forget that, when the Bill passed through the Commons originally, it did have support from the Government and it also had cross-party support, which is a rarity these days.
Therefore, it is extremely disappointing that the democratically elected House seems to have given in to the unelected Lords, seemingly with the endorsement of the Government.
I have to say that the Government’s decision to support the Lords amendments that have taken the guts out of the Bill is frustrating, given that the Bill was enacting pledges that the Government had made.
Does the hon.
Gentleman not recognise that this is the Bill of  the hon.
Member for Bath (Wera Hobhouse)  and it is up to her to decide which amendments she does or does not accept?
The Government have fully supported the hon.
Lady.
This is not a Government decision; it is part of the parliamentary process.
I thank the Minister for her comments.
The Government have a majority, so if they wanted to keep the Bill in its original form they could have ensured that it passed.
Let me quote what she said at Committee stage.
She said that
“the Government committed to a package of new measures aimed at reducing incidences of workplace harassment.
That includes the two legislative measures being brought forward in the Bill: explicit protections for employees from workplace harassment by third parties, such as customers and clients; and a duty on employers to take all reasonable steps to prevent their employees from experiencing sexual harassment.
”––[Official Report, Worker Protection (Amendment of Equality Act 2010) Public Bill Committee,  23 November 2022 ; c. 10.]
It is true that I have accepted the Lords amendment.
Indeed, it was ultimately me who proposed that we should go all the way in order to preserve one thing that I find incredibly important, which is the preventive duty on employers.
Does the hon.
Member not agree that this is an important step and for that reason it is right that I accept the Lords amendment?
I accept what the hon.
Member says.
We will certainly not oppose the Bill, but we do have to challenge the Minister on why she has changed her mind, given that, last year, she said that the measures in the Bill
“continue to form a key part of the Government’s national strategy for tackling violence against women and girls.
”––[Official Report, Worker Protection (Amendment of Equality Act 2010) Public Bill Committee,  23 November 2022 ; c. 10.]
Why have the Government decided to change their mind on it?
It seems to me that they have folded to pressure from their Back Benchers.