Many Members will raise the outrageous and unacceptable behaviour that many employees have to put up with in the workplace—I recognise that too.
We absolutely need to insist that that does not happen, but that is a job for the culture and for employers.
In a sense, it is a job for all of us to instil the right sort of moral conduct in our communities, but frankly it is impossible to write legislation in black and white that achieves the outcomes the hon.
Lady wishes without also inhibiting free speech.
I will end with an observation about another piece of legislation that I understand is being contemplated for the King’s Speech: a conversion therapy ban.
I am afraid that that is another instance where, under the noble and honourable impulse to stop outrageous and unacceptable practices going on, we are proposing a  piece of performative legislation in response to a vocal and activist lobby group that will put into law an imprecise and fuzzy set of moral aspirations.
Once Opposition Members get hold of it in Committee, on Third Reading and in the House of Lords, the scope will be expanded and then courts will be required to criminalise conversations between adults and their therapists, parents and children, which is exactly what happens in other countries where this well-intentioned legislation has been passed into law.
The law is a teacher, but it is not an opportunity for moral grandstanding and virtue signalling.
We have an obligation to put into black and white words that the courts clearly understand and that do not end up curtailing free speech.
It is a relief that we have this Bill back here today, given that it was reported earlier in the year that it was likely to be shelved, possibly because of the backlash we have just heard.
The Bill has come back from the other place, albeit heavily amended, and it still represents a step in the right direction, albeit a very small one.
The hon.
Member for Bath (Wera Hobhouse)  has done a sterling job in getting this Bill through the Parliamentary maze.
She has been extremely gracious and generous in her comments today, given what is left in the Bill.
I think it is a fine description to say that it has been narrowed in scope.
Alternatively, it could be described, as  the hon.
Member for Devizes (Danny Kruger)  has just done, as having had the guts ripped out of it.
I know which description suits what has happened better.
There is quite a contrast between what we have now and what we had when the Bill started its journey through the House.
The Bill was never about criminalising free speech; it was about tackling a real and live issue in the workplace.
When the Bill started its passage, Members rightly spoke in unison about the appalling scale and nature of sexual harassment in Britain’s workplaces.
Indeed, we should all be deeply concerned about the numbers of women facing harassment at work.
The latest data from the Government show that nearly one in three employees experienced some form of sexual harassment in the previous year.
That means that 4.7 million women each year experience harassment in the workplace, and we know that the impact on those victims can be profound.
We know that it can lead to a variety of harms, including psychological, physical and economic harms, and all too often the perpetrators get away with it.
According to recent data, 41% of perpetrators of sexual harassment see no sanction at all.
Meanwhile, 17% of those who are sexually harassed end up working elsewhere due to their experiences.
In 2023, that is not good enough.
Those figures speak for themselves about why parliamentary intervention is needed.
I am glad that we are supporting this Bill.
My hon.