Establishing that preventive duty will shift the emphasis away from a reliance on individuals reporting harassment to employers and will encourage  employers to take preventive steps.
We are optimistic—we can be—and hope that the Bill will drive structural change by fundamentally shifting the responsibility from the individual to the institution, but what that will mean in reality and how much capacity the EHRC will have to investigate complaints remains to be seen.
Its responsibility to create a statutory code of practice should mean that the focus will be more on working with employers.
Does the Minister have any information on when she expects that statutory code of practice to be published, should the Bill be passed, and will it draw mainly from the non-statutory code of practice that has already been produced?
We believe that everyone should be able to go to work safe from sexual harassment, knowing that their employer has taken steps to create a safe working environment.
That is why a Labour Government would go much further than the House has today.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Bath (Wera Hobhouse)  on progressing this Bill, which tackles the important issue of sexual harassment in the workplace.
I thank her for the pragmatism she has shown to ensure that the Bill can progress with agreement from across the House.
It is slightly disappointing to see the shadow Minister,  the hon.
Member for Ellesmere Port and Neston (Justin Madders) , take such a partisan approach, because the Bill has had cross-party support throughout all its stages.
It is often very difficult for private Members’ Bills to pass through this place, but the Government have fully supported the Bill, because it is such an important issue to tackle.
We have especially made time for an additional sitting Friday, to ensure that the Bill passes.
We remain committed to tackling sexual harassment in the workplace by introducing the employer duty, to strengthen protections in the Equality Act 2010.
While I note the concerns from my hon.
Friends the Members for Southend West (Anna Firth) and for Devizes (Danny Kruger), I am very pleased that consensus has been reached here and in the other place, and I hope Members will agree that this important Bill should now be on the statute book.
I would like to particularly thank my hon.
Friend the Member for Devizes, who has some genuine concerns about the Bill that he has expressed today and at previous stages.
This is a difficult subject.
While there may be differences in views and opinions, I am really pleased that the hon.
Member for Bath has been able to progress the Bill through both Houses, because we need to make our workplaces better and safer.
That is particularly true for women.
We have heard recently about some of the experiences of female surgeons in the healthcare system.
With my other hat on as a Health Minister, I am particularly pleased that this legislation will hopefully prevent some of those experiences in future.
I turn to the Lords amendments.
Lords amendment 1 leaves out clause 1, to remove the proposed liability of employers for third-party harassment in the workplace.
I am glad to hear that the amendment to remove this third-party harassment liability eases concerns that it could have had a chilling effect on free speech in the workplace.
I am pleased that that has been addressed.
There are some—I know the hon.
Member for Bath is one of them—who are disappointed that the amendment has removed the third-party harassment liability, for  very valid reasons, but this is about getting a compromise, so that we get the majority of the measures in the Bill through this place.
The Government believe it is important that workers are protected against this form of harassment, and good employers are already taking steps to ensure that their employees are protected from harassment by third parties, regardless of the legal position.