I hope that the Government will put that right today.
I, too, thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Christchurch (Sir Christopher Chope)  for introducing the Bill, for the work and research that has gone into it, and for his reaching out and speaking to people about it.
At the tail end of his speech, he talked about the phrase “safe and effective”, and I will start my speech there.
“Safe and effective” became the covid vaccine catchphrase—we will call it that—and it was repeated so many times over that couple of years.
It cropped up everywhere: in Government communications, in interviews with experts and across a media that was only too happy run with that covid slogan—safe and effective.
So ingrained did it become in the national psyche that to ever ask questions about the covid vaccine became very difficult to do indeed.
Asking questions is a vital part of scientific and political debate.
However, when discussing covid, we no longer appeared to be dealing with science—oh, no, Mr Deputy Speaker—rather, we were dealing with “the science”.
To question “the science” was to risk being called and labelled a “covidiot”, or that most poisonous of terms “anti-vaxxer”.
People who just wanted to query this new vaccine were closed down and vilified.
I looked up the definition of “anti-vaxxer” and was surprised to learn that it is someone who opposes the use of some or all vaccines, regulations mandating vaccination, or usually both.
There were 246 of us in this House who, on  13 July 2021 , voted against mandating the vaccines for care workers.
That is 246 anti-vaxxers in this House, according to the latest definition.
That is absolute nonsense.
People were not anti-vaxxers.
Other people have been concerned that families are losing faith in other vaccines because of the way that they were treated over the covid-19 vaccine.
There have been  drops in the take-up of the MMR and polio vaccines, which is wrong; people need to take those vaccines.
But all Members in this House wanted to do was to question the new vaccine, and to have a debate on it, particularly when the House wanted to mandate it for people and for care workers.
My point is this: if we allow language to be corrupted in this way, and definitions of words to be bent out of shape, we lack the tools for nuanced debate.
It is only by having a wide and open debate that we get to the central gravity of truth.
We have not had anything like a wide and open debate on the topic of the safety and efficacy of the covid-19 vaccines.
I come back to the word “safe”, which means free from harm or risk of any kind.
It is a word with an absolute definition.
It is not to be qualified or diminished, yet we know that, like all medical interventions, the covid-19 vaccines are not 100% free from risk or danger.
That is why the blue guide, a document published by the MHRA that gives detailed guidance on them legislation controlling how medicines are advertised in the UK, says:
“Advertising which states or implies that a product is ‘safe’ is unacceptable.
All medicines have the potential for side-effects and no medicine is completely risk free as individual patients respond differently to treatment.”
That principle is replicated in the UK pharmaceutical industry’s own self-regulatory code of practice, which also states that the word “safe” must not be used without qualification.
On that basis, and worryingly, both Pfizer and AstraZeneca are guilty by their own industry’s self-regulatory code of breaking their own best practice.
They were found to have misled the public both by misrepresenting and overstating the efficacy of the covid vaccines and erroneously describing them as “safe” in press releases and on social media without qualification.
How many other organisations and individuals are also guilty of misleading the public in that way?