Friend and indeed I and all my colleagues believe passionately in people keeping more of what they earn.
To do that, we need to ensure that Government money is spent as if it is our own.
We need to ensure it is always spent prudently and delivers the maximum return possible for ordinary taxpayers.
It is also true, and I hope he would join me in recognising, that many of our public sector workers are a source of real pride to this country—from our healthcare workers in the NHS to our armed forces on the front line and those local government officials who do such important work for our local communities.
Their services are paid for by the taxpayer, and indeed they are taxpayers themselves, and all of us seek to take a responsible and balanced approach to the conditions offered to public sector workers.
We as a Government have sought to do that in every pay round.
For the 2023-24 round, we accepted the headline pay recommendations of the independent pay review bodies in full for the armed forces, teachers, prison officers, the police, the judiciary, medical workforces and senior civil servants.
For most workforces, accepting these recommendations has resulted in the highest pay uplifts for three decades, providing a fair reward for workers and a fair deal for taxpayers and employers alike.
Exit payments, such as for redundancy, are an aspect of this.
They help employers to make necessary organisational change, just as regularly happens in the private sector, and they support individuals and uphold employment law as they leave employment.
However, my hon.
Friend is absolutely right that the taxpayer ultimately foots the bill for these individual payments.
They can be many times larger than average earnings elsewhere in the public sector, and it is absolutely right—I hope to have support for this across the House—that we look at how fair and how proportionate these payments are, particularly at a time when it falls to the Government to make difficult but responsible decisions about the public finances.
The Government share his concern  about the overall level of spending on exit payments, particularly the number of very large exit payments made to individuals in recent years.
That is why we are committed to limiting large exit payments and making provision for the recovery of those payments when that is appropriate.
Can the Minister also give an assurance that large exit payments will never be agreed for public sector workers facing disciplinary proceedings who choose to leave instead of facing those disciplinary proceedings?
Can he assure me that no big exit payments will be given in those circumstances?
I thank my hon.
Friend, who is a doughty champion of the value of taxpayers’ money, and he makes a very important point.
The commitment I can give goes rather more broadly than that, which is that the Government will seek to make sure that any exit payments always offer value for money and that every pound of taxpayers’ money should be well spent.
In responding ultimately to the consultation that the Government conducted almost a year ago, I will ensure that the point he raised is fully addressed.
My hon.
Friend says that the Government are committed to doing something, but we are now in 2023, and it was in 2015 that the Government first resolved that something must be done about obscenely high public sector exit payments in excess of 95k.
In the intervening period, the Government have been all over the place, and I wonder whether the Minister could tell me the result of the most recent action, which was a consultation paper in August 2022.
The closing date for that was  17 October 2022 , more than a year ago.
What has happened to that?
My hon.
Friend makes a fair point about the pace with which the Government have been able to proceed.