So I ask that the House supports this Bill on Second Reading.
It is a pleasure to see you in the Chair, Mr Deputy Speaker.
I commend my hon.
Friend  the Member for Christchurch (Sir Christopher Chope)  for not only a tremendous speech setting out his inarguable case, but the ferocious and tenacious way in which he has pursued this matter.
He is like a dog with a bone, and I am sure that victims of damage from the covid vaccine are very grateful to have him as a champion for their situation.
As he pointed out, I am a sponsor of the Bill and so I support it wholeheartedly.
I would also like to encourage him to think about extending about its scope a bit further so that it not only deals with the damage caused by the vaccines, but seeks to try to prevent such damage from happening in the first place.
Obviously, once people have been severely disabled or, as in some cases, have died as a result of the vaccine, that is no comfort; we want to prevent this from happening in the first place and some things could usefully be done to try to help in that regard too.
Of course, the authorities love to play down the fact that some people have suffered adverse reactions to these covid-19 vaccines.
I am sure many of us have had contact from constituents who have experienced serious symptoms following vaccination.
I am talking not about a sore arm, which many people suffered as a result of the vaccination, but about a range of life-changing conditions such as strokes, heart attacks and blood clots, to name a few.
My hon.
Friend mentioned Anna Morris KC and her submission to the covid inquiry; as she said, these are not normal side effects that anybody  would reasonably expect from a pharmaceutical product.
I very much hope that, when the Minister responds to the debate, she puts it clearly on the record that she and the Government accept that some people have suffered adverse reactions to the covid-19 vaccine and, in some cases, very serious adverse reactions.
In some cases, people have died as a result of taking the vaccine.
This is an opportunity for her today to make that clear on the record for everybody to hear.
I can anticipate her speech in some regards.
She will no doubt say that the vaccine programme was a great success and that it gave the vast majority of people a great deal of benefit.
But that is not the point in this particular case, as my hon.
Friend said at the start of his speech.
Nobody is arguing about that.
We are talking about the small proportion of people—it is a large number of people—who have suffered adverse reactions as a result of the covid-19 vaccine.
That is what I hope she will address directly in her speech.
The point my hon.
Friend makes is important.
On  1 June 2022 , in answer to a question as to whether the Government accepted that some people had died as a direct result of having received the covid-19 vaccine, the Minister’s response was that the MHRA published a weekly report
“covering adverse reactions to approve covid-19 vaccines”,
which were available on a following link.
Quite.
My hon.
Friend is right, and today gives the Minister the opportunity to make it unequivocally clear that the Government do accept that that has happened.
That would be a big step in the right direction and would at least give some comfort to those people who have felt ignored for far too long.
The authorities are of course playing down the adverse reactions that people have had from covid vaccines because, first, they do not want to pay up, as my hon.