This is an important issue, and I thank him for the tone in which he has conducted the debate and for his sentiments at the start, when he said that this is not about  being anti-vaccination.
As my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Tatton (Esther McVey)  indicated, vaccination is a crucial part of our armour in dealing with disease across the world.
The Bill is specifically about the covid vaccination and I advocate, as did the shadow Minister, that after clean water, vaccinations are the most effective public health intervention in the world in terms of saving lives and promoting good health.
The flu vaccination, which is being rolled out as we speak, will enable many people to be healthy over this winter and avoid hospital admission.
The HPV vaccination for preventing cervical cancer, which is rolled out to young girls and boys in our schools, has the potential to eradicate cervical cancer in future, and we must remember that vaccination has a powerful role to play in the health of our nation.
Globally, we have one of the best immunisation programmes around the world, and it is important to pay tribute to all those staff who take part in vaccinations programmes and make them such a success.
Let me turn to the covid vaccination.
The UK was at the forefront of tackling covid-19 through the vaccination programme, and it was the first healthcare system in the world to deliver the covid vaccination outside clinical trials.
We should be proud of that.
As the shadow Minister said, it was one reason why we were one of the first countries to lift restrictions, because of our success in covid vaccination.
On the point made by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Shipley (Philip Davies) , I am happy to go on record and say that although covid vaccines have saved tens of thousands of lives, unfortunately there have been extremely rare circumstance where individuals have, very sadly, experienced harm and difficult circumstances, following a covid vaccination.
Thankfully, such cases remain rare, but that does not reduce the impact on those individuals who experienced that and their families.
I am sure the whole House will join me in expressing concern for those individuals who suffered such harm, and their families.
Vaccination remains the best way for individuals to protect themselves and others from the impact of covid-19.
We have done the right thing by encouraging people to have the vaccine, to protect both themselves and other more vulnerable members of society.
I am grateful for what the Minister has said, but I think that the people who, as she acknowledges, have suffered harm and damage from the vaccine—they were coerced into taking it in one form or another—would probably prefer more than just sympathy and concern from people in the House.
What they really want is proper compensation.
Will she therefore take on board what my hon.
Friend  the Member for Christchurch (Sir Christopher Chope)  said and ensure that people are adequately and properly compensated for the damage done to them?
Will she at the very least ensure that the maximum amount that can be paid out rises in line with inflation?
I will come to those points shortly.
All medicines have risks and side effects—even simple paracetamol, which is taken safely by the vast majority of people, can have serious side effects for some—and it is no different for the covid vaccine.
That is true of all vaccinations, and that is why we set up the scheme specifically for vaccinations in the first place.
The Government cannot support the Bill’s proposals to make provision about financial assistance specifically for those who have had a covid vaccination.
The scheme as a whole is to support anyone who has had side effects to a certain level of impairment from any vaccination, and it would be wrong to single out covid-19 for a separate scheme.