What has happened to that?
My hon.
Friend makes a fair point about the pace with which the Government have been able to proceed.
I will write to him, following his important intervention, with the latest on the prognosis for that.
I hope he will also recognise that it is not correct to say that the Government have done nothing.
The Chief Secretary to the Treasury, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Salisbury (John Glen)  is, as we speak, leading an important piece of work about productivity across all public sector spending.
All my colleagues in government are endeavouring every day to ensure that every pound of Government money is well spent.
My hon.
Friend will recall—this is why it is so important to get this right—that past attempts have not always delivered the desired results.
In 2020, the Government laid legislation—notwithstanding his own prolific endeavours on this, I know that my hon.
Friend is not in general a big advocate of the Government constantly legislating—but in 2020 the Government legislated to introduce a cap on payments.
That was subsequently withdrawn following unintended consequences, and the risk of overriding and conflicting with people’s contractual entitlements.
Let me be clear: my hon.
Friend is absolutely right in his intention.
The Minister says that he will write to me—I always love receiving letters, particularly from him—but the Government have known that this Bill has been on the Order Paper.
It was introduced in  June last year, and in August last year the Government issued a consultation paper and said, “Everybody must respond to this paper by  17 October 2022 ”, thereby indicating some sense of urgency.
What has happened to the response to that consultation?
Surely the Minister can give an answer now, rather than saying that he will write to me later.
As so often is the case, it is sometimes better to be right than to be quick.
Given that the Government absolutely understand and share my hon.
Friend’s concerns, it is much better that when they bring forward that response to the consultation, we celebrate.
I acknowledge today the first anniversary of the closing date for that, and it would indeed be unfortunate for there to be a second anniversary.
Notwithstanding that, it is not the case that the Government are not making progress on this matter, and if my hon.
Friend really supports the cause that he has so nobly championed over so many years, chronicling the period since 2015 that he talked about, we must do it right.
We are dealing with a complex interplay between existing public sector arrangements, consultation with impacted bodies, including the unions, and the potential role of legislation.
I said I will write to my hon.
Friend.
He will have to contain his excitement as to the specifics of my letter, but it will follow in due course.
Only “in due course”—it is not being promised for next week, even.
Perhaps it will be next year sometime?
Will my hon.
Friend accept my interpretation of what has happened, which is that we have had eight years since the Government committed to doing this, and the score now is eight to the blob and nil to the ordinary people of this country, who are the taxpayers.
I will not accept that construction, but what I will accept is my hon.
Friend’s entreaties that every day it is the duty of this Government—indeed, it is the proud philosophy of this party—to spend taxpayers’ money wisely.
There are many, many ways in which we can do that.
I have referred to the productivity review by right hon.
Friend the Chief Secretary.
Local government has a significant responsibility.