That is true of all vaccinations, and that is why we set up the scheme specifically for vaccinations in the first place.
The Government cannot support the Bill’s proposals to make provision about financial assistance specifically for those who have had a covid vaccination.
The scheme as a whole is to support anyone who has had side effects to a certain level of impairment from any vaccination, and it would be wrong to single out covid-19 for a separate scheme.
The Government already provide long-standing mechanisms to offer financial assistance to individuals suffering disablement following vaccination in the form of the VDPS.
Just to clarify, the VDPS is not a compensation scheme.
It was established in 1979 to provide a one-off tax-free payment to individuals who had been found on the balance of probability to have been harmed by a vaccine listed in the Vaccine Damage Payments Act 1979.
In December 2020, covid-19 was added to the scheme to ensure that those who had severe disability found to be linked to the covid-19 vaccine would receive support through this tried and tested system.
The Government’s current focus is on scaling up the scheme’s operation by the NHS Business Services Authority, which took over its running in November 2021 from the Department for Work and Pensions, because we felt it was better placed to access patient notes and to improve timeliness.
We have seen a significant improvement in trying to process claims, which I will come to.
The Bill also asks the Government to report on the merits of a no-fault compensation scheme for covid-19 vaccine damage.
Establishing a dedicated stand-alone scheme would risk favouring those who, in extremely rare circumstances, have sadly experienced harm following a covid-19 vaccine above those harmed by other vaccines, which, again, does happen in rare circumstances.
That would create inequality between vaccines, which could be damaging to other vaccination programmes.
Another element of the Bill is to question whether there should be an upper limit on the financial assistance available.
It is important to reiterate that the VDPS offers a one-off lump sum payment.
It is not intended to cover lifetime costs for those impacted.
The amount has been revised periodically by statutory sums orders.
The initial payment when the scheme was set up in 1978 was £10,000.
It has been reviewed several times, with the current amount set at £120,000 as of July 2007.
The award should be considered in addition to the Government’s support package for those with a disability or long-term health condition, which includes statutory sick pay, universal credit, employment and support allowance, attendance allowance and personal independence payments.
The Minister says that the figure has been reviewed periodically and that we are now at £120,000.
She just said that it was last reviewed in 2007, which was 16.5 years ago.
Does she not think it is time for another periodic review?