However, while the covid-19 vaccination programme has been hugely successful, there have been some extremely rare cases of people sadly suffering side effects and deteriorating health with possible links to covid-19 vaccines.
While serious and adverse events are rare compared to the number of doses administered, when they do occur, they can have unexpected and life-changing implications.
It is therefore right that our healthcare system and this Government do all they can to improve the diagnosis and treatment of those who have suffered from this.
The yellow card scheme already collects and monitors information on suspected safety concerns, and a dedicated  team of scientists reviews information to monitor the vaccine roll out.
I encourage everyone to keep using that scheme, to ensure that information can be collected.
Where vaccine damage tragically occurs, it is right that individuals and families can access the vaccine damage payment scheme.
It is important that that scheme is fit for purpose and that the Government act to make that happen.
There have been reports of operational delays within the vaccine damage payment scheme.
Those reports suggests that hundreds of people have been waiting over 12 months for an outcome, with some waiting more than 18 months.
In fact, following a question about the VDPS earlier this year, the Prime Minister vowed to improve the scheme, so I will be interested to hear from the Minister about the Government’s response to tackling those delays.
Will the Minister confirm that the Government believe that the scheme is fit for purpose and whether they plan to update it?
Will the Government assure us that the NHS Business Services Authority has the capacity to process applications to the VDPS in a timely manner?
I urge Ministers to meet and engage with affected individuals and their families to look at ways to improve diagnosis and treatment and at how claims under the VDPS can be addressed more quickly.
On that point, will the hon.
Lady give way?
I will, but the hon.
Member has spoken at length already.
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for giving way.
Does the Labour party believe that the vaccine damage payment scheme is fit for purpose, or does it not believe that?
As I have said, I have asked the Minister to meet members of the families who are directly affected to see whether there are ways to improve the scheme, and how that could be addressed more quickly.
That is the best step forward, and we need to listen to individuals regarding tailored support and where it needs to be improved.
Finally, it would be remiss of me not to join colleagues in calling out the scourge of vaccine misinformation.
Getting a vaccine is so important, especially for those who are most vulnerable.
We must ensure that all vaccine misinformation is debunked, and that the most important message, that the vaccine is safe and effective, is shared.
I hope the Minister will echo my remarks on the danger of misinformation.
Getting a vaccination is too important for the health of this nation—indeed, this world—to be playing fast and loose with the facts.
Although the Opposition do not support the Bill, we hope that the Government will tackle the issues that I and other hon.
Members have raised, and address whether further action is required.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend  the Member for Christchurch (Sir Christopher Chope)  on securing the Second Reading of this Bill.
This is an important issue, and I thank him for the tone in which he has conducted the debate and for his sentiments at the start, when he said that this is not about  being anti-vaccination.
As my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Tatton (Esther McVey)  indicated, vaccination is a crucial part of our armour in dealing with disease across the world.