I have referred to the productivity review by right hon.
Friend the Chief Secretary.
Local government has a significant responsibility.
Local government was not in scope of that consultation, but separate guidance has been given to local government, and it is the duty of us all to ensure, for example, that the many arm’s length  bodies that are so important to the delivery of government in this country are entirely responsible with their pay arrangements.
The Government have also separately legislated and taken action to curtail the use of non-disclosure agreements and confidentiality agreements that prevent the transparency of daylight and oxygen intruding into this space, and that is an important measure, too.
To conclude—unless my hon.
Friend the Member for Christchurch wants to intervene further—this is a very important topic.
The Government and my hon.
Friend are at one in terms of the destination.
I understand that he would like more velocity in reaching that destination.
As I say, not only will I write to him, but I am happy to meet him or other colleagues on this important Bill that seeks to achieve the right balance of fairness between those who serve our community in the public sector and protecting the interests of the taxpayer.
What more can one say?
This is just desperate, is it not?
I would say it is no joking matter.
We have made light of it, and in one sense, perhaps one of the reasons why the blob might respond ultimately is that we are mocking it so much.
Up to now, it has been successful in preventing any action being taken on this key policy issue, which is of concern not just to national taxpayers, but to local government council tax payers.
There is so much abuse.
We reckon the cost to the Exchequer may be as much as £1 billion a year.
We hear from the Prime Minister about his commitment to reducing the burden of tax and the debts of this country, but why are we not reducing this area of public expenditure?
It is avoidable.
We can do it, but nothing is being done and that suggests to me that there is something fundamentally wrong with how this Conservative Government are operating.
They are not in control; the blob is in control.
I urge my hon.
Friend the Minister to reverse that situation so that the Government once again take back control.
What more can one say today?
I will let the House know if and when I receive a response in writing, as promised by my hon.
Friend, but I am so lost for words on this that I can only ask that the debate be adjourned.
I do not want to put the Bill to a vote.
Ordered, That the debate be now adjourned.—(Rebecca Harris.)
Debate to be resumed on  Friday 27 October .
Second Reading
I beg to move, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
This is a very serious issue, which I first raised in the House back in the summer of 2021, on  21 June , when I presented what was then called the Covid-19 Vaccine Damage Bill.
That Bill was given a short Second Reading debate on  Friday 10 September 2021 , and at the time I described it as being
“about all those who have suffered injury or even death as a result of enlisting in the war against covid by being vaccinated.”
I went on to say:
“There is a lot more damage being done to our citizens as a result of covid-19 vaccinations than in any other vaccination programme in history.
That does not mean…that it is not worth while, and I am…not an anti-vaxxer…but what is important is that, if people do the right thing, they should not be denied access to”
—reasonable—
“compensation”. —[
Official Report,  10 September 2021 ; Vol.
700, c. 630-631.]
I pay tribute to my hon.