Friend is right, and today gives the Minister the opportunity to make it unequivocally clear that the Government do accept that that has happened.
That would be a big step in the right direction and would at least give some comfort to those people who have felt ignored for far too long.
The authorities are of course playing down the adverse reactions that people have had from covid vaccines because, first, they do not want to pay up, as my hon.
Friend has set out clearly, and, secondly, it was they who pushed these products so strongly to the public in the first place—or dare I say it, coerced the public into taking them at the time.
It was of course coercion when this House, back in July 2021, voted to mandate the vaccine for care workers, resulting in tens of thousands of hard-working carers leaving their jobs.
We also came within an ace of mandating the vaccine for all health workers.
Just think of the damage that that would have been done, with potentially 100,000 workers leaving the NHS on the back of that.
In December 2021, this House voted for plan B, which introduced vaccine passports for large gatherings, among other things.
As we knew then and as we know now, the vaccine does not stop infection or transmission.
There was no evidence base for the policy.
There was no impact assessment done on the policy.
Thank goodness that that ugliness that we saw in this House was short-lived.
I was—and still am—proud to have been one of the 126 who voted against that mandation.
People were coerced in other ways.
People were told that they were not allowed to go on a flight anywhere unless they had taken two vaccines.
They were not allowed to visit anywhere.
In effect, everything was done to force people to take the vaccine.
Whether that was, in utilitarian terms, a good or a bad thing is neither  here nor there with regard to my hon.
Friend’s Bill.
What is here or there is that, given all of that, when people do have adverse reactions to the covid vaccination —in some cases, very serious ones; in some cases, sadly, people have died—the Government have an absolute duty to pay the appropriate compensation to people when they moved heaven and earth to force them to take it in the first place.
In some cases, they forced people to take it against their will— otherwise, they would have lost their jobs.
The Government have a duty to do something here.
Where we are at the moment is just not good enough.
It is worth noting how shocking the treatment of unvaccinated people became.
Our policies led to untold damage to their livelihoods and mental health.
Friends and family turned their backs on them, because of the prevailing narrative in politics and the media that they must be bad people for making up their own mind about a personal medical intervention.
I think my hon.
Friend  the Member for Broxbourne (Sir Charles Walker) , one of the greatest people in this House, summed it up best:
“suggesting that these people who, for whatever reason...have chosen not to get vaccinated are somehow deserving of our bile is a disgrace.
It does not reflect badly on them; it reflects badly on us.
”—[Official Report,  31 January 2022 ; Vol.
708, c. 76-77.]
In black and white on the Pfizer website, one can read important safety information concerning the Pfizer/BioNTech covid-19 vaccine:
“Myocarditis and pericarditis have occurred in some people who have received”
that product,
“most commonly…adolescent males 12 through 17 years of age.”
It goes on to say that the chance of that occurring is “very low”—I am sure the Minister will reiterate that today—but, of course, the chance of somebody of that age suffering serious illness related to covid is very low as well.