On that basis, and worryingly, both Pfizer and AstraZeneca are guilty by their own industry’s self-regulatory code of breaking their own best practice.
They were found to have misled the public both by misrepresenting and overstating the efficacy of the covid vaccines and erroneously describing them as “safe” in press releases and on social media without qualification.
How many other organisations and individuals are also guilty of misleading the public in that way?
We were told that AstraZeneca vaccines were perfectly “safe”—that word again—and that there was no evidence of blood clots.
But the advice was changed on  7 April 2021  so that those under the age of 30 would be offered an alternative brand, due to the now proven link with blood clots.
The advice then changed again so that  the under-40s would be offered an alternative brand.
A safety signal was picked up and acted on—thank goodness—but in Denmark the problem was picked up much sooner.
It paused the use of the AstraZeneca vaccine on  11 March 2021 , after it had vaccinated 734,000 people.
At the same time, 24 million people had been vaccinated in the UK, without the MHRA detecting a signal of a problem.
Why were we so far behind the curve?
Was it because debate had been closed down and people were not allowed even to question what was going on?
What about mRNA vaccines?
In Florida last year, the state surgeon general recommended against males aged between 18 and 39 receiving mRNA covid-19 vaccines of any brand.
My question is: what evidence was Florida reacting to, and is the MHRA urgently looking into whether we should be following suit here?
In July 2020, the Government published the “First Do No Harm” report, which highlighted significant problems.
It stated:
“The MHRA needs substantial revision, particularly in relation to adverse event reporting and medical device regulation.
It needs to ensure that it engages more with patients and their outcomes.”
It also stated:
“The spontaneous reporting platform for medicines and devices, the Yellow Card system, needs reform”,
and that the
“system is not good enough at spotting trends in practice and outcomes that give rise to safety concerns.”
What has been done since that report was published just over two years ago?
Have these concerns been heard and acted on?
Dame June Raine, the head of the MHRA, recently said that the covid pandemic
“has catalysed the transformation of the regulator from a watchdog to an enabler”,
which does not exactly sound like good news for anyone concerned about safety.
Ultimately it comes down to this: the Government repeatedly told the public that covid vaccines were safe, and for many—probably the vast majority—they were, but plenty of people have suffered as a result of their decision to follow the Government advice and take this new medical intervention.
Some have tragically lost their lives and, as was noted last month at the covid inquiry by Anna Morris KC, victims and their families have been marginalised and
“face stigma and abuse for sharing their symptoms…and even been branded as anti-vax for sharing very real and medically proven vaccine injuries.”
This is really quite unacceptable.
It is way past time that the Government do the right thing and follow the recommendations of my hon.
Friend the Member for Christchurch.
It has been shocking to hear how slowly the vaccine damage payment scheme has been operating.
Applicants are having to wait months.
We heard from the solicitor Peter Todd at a recent hearing of my all-party parliamentary group on pandemic response and recovery.
He described how 139 applicants have been waiting for more than 18 months for a decision on their case.
This is excessively long, especially when people are injured and potentially unable to work.
We were also told that 162 claims were found to have had disablement caused by the vaccine, but it was judged that those people were just not disabled enough to merit a financial reward.