708, c. 76-77.]
In black and white on the Pfizer website, one can read important safety information concerning the Pfizer/BioNTech covid-19 vaccine:
“Myocarditis and pericarditis have occurred in some people who have received”
that product,
“most commonly…adolescent males 12 through 17 years of age.”
It goes on to say that the chance of that occurring is “very low”—I am sure the Minister will reiterate that today—but, of course, the chance of somebody of that age suffering serious illness related to covid is very low as well.
The Minister might not be so keen to point that out, and Pfizer does not seem to point it out on its website, but we should make that clear, too.
I raise that because—I hope the Minister will address this in her remarks—I have been rather alarmed to hear of a clinical trial for a Moderna mRNA covid vaccine involving healthy children aged 12 and up.
That is not something from the past, from during the pandemic; it is happening now.
It has been approved by the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency and involves the Bradford patient recruitment centre, which is on the edge of my constituency, so some of my constituents could be involved.
I wrote to the Health Research Authority in August to ask what ethical rationale there is for the inclusion of healthy children in the trial, because it is known, and has been for a long time, that healthy children are at a vanishingly low risk of covid-19—they were at the height of the pandemic and they certainly are now.
So far, I have not received a coherent answer to that simple question.
But it has come to my attention that the centre has been recruiting children for the trial using advertisements that have not been ethically approved, as is required by UK law.
Children can be recruited to a clinical trial only if they as individuals have some reasonable expectation of significant benefit when balanced with the risks associated with their participation.
Potential benefits for adults that may flow from a trial are not a good enough rationale and do not trump that principle.
So, given that there cannot be any expectation of significant benefits for a cohort of people who are not at significant risk, what is going on here?
Why are those decisions being made?
It comes back to where I started: the authorities seem completely unable, and in some cases unwilling, to protect people—in this case, children—from potential harm.
The cost-benefit analysis, if it has been done—I am not sure that it has—certainly does not appear to stack up.
I will finish by commending the recommendations of my hon.
Friend the Member for Christchurch in the Bill.
The Government have a duty of care to the people who have been injured by or lost loved ones to the vaccine, which they took because the Government pressured them into doing so.
The Government also have a duty to prevent harm from happening in the first place.
Failing to act on this will only lead to more harm and further damage to the public’s trust in authority.
I hope that the Minister will, in summing up, refer to what is happening in Bradford and explain why that particular trial has been allowed to go ahead.
During the pandemic, the authorities did not go big on warning people of the potential damage or adverse effects of the vaccine; they were just interested in coercing as many people as possible into taking it.
They must accept responsibility for those who have done the right thing but faced damage as a result.
I hope that the Government will put that right today.
I, too, thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Christchurch (Sir Christopher Chope)  for introducing the Bill, for the work and research that has gone into it, and for his reaching out and speaking to people about it.