Further protections are essential to give businesses and organisations clarity on what they need to do to make their workplaces safe for everybody.
We hope that the debate on this Bill has encouraged all businesses and organisations to recognise that they can make a significant difference in protecting staff from harassment by customers and clients.
There remains unfinished business, but the discussion is moving us forward and it is important that we get cross-party support in both Houses, which is why I keep saying that I am accepting the Lords amendments.
The Government’s own survey on sexual harassment found that every day 1.5 million people face sexual harassment from a third party at work—that does not even consider the scale of other forms of third-party harassment, for example those of a racist or homophobic nature.
I will continue to make the case for protections against third-party harassment to be put in place, and I hope that the Government will listen and continue to  work with the Fawcett Society and the wider alliance for women to bring the required legislation forward in the next Parliament.
I am content that as of today we have reached a consensus on a pragmatic way forward.
It is vital that we send a clear signal that sexual harassment in the workplace is not acceptable and steps should be taken to prevent it.
I am grateful for the cross-party support and particularly the support of the Government.
I ask the House to accept the Lords amendments so that this Bill can pass into law.
No one should have to wait any longer for this vital step towards safer and more respectful workplaces.
I do not propose to divide the House today and I am happy that we have got to a place where the Bill has been effectively gutted by their lordships.
I am happy with the cross-party consensus on where we have got to.
It is right that we have removed the third-party liability, but there is something regrettable about the way this Bill has developed.
There was a good moment when, in response to pressure from their lordships, the Government proposed to introduce a new defence against Equality Act harassment, whereby it should be possible to defend a suit on the grounds that there was no intention to injure the injured party, and merely overheard conversations and civil discussions, be they among colleagues or customers, should not be liable to legal action.
That was a good step; it developed and improved our equalities law.
In response to pressure from the other place, the Government have now withdrawn the third-party liability measure, which is a good thing.
I agree with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Southend West (Anna Firth)  that we are now in a position to abstain from opposing this Bill.
However, we need to debate our equalities framework in this country.
Fundamentally, we need to stop bringing forward what I call performative legislation intended simply to outlaw behaviour we disapprove of, immoral conversations, bad manners, and action likely to cause hurt and distress.
We cannot legislate against all of those actions and if we try—
Will the hon.
Gentleman give way?
I will be happy to give way to the hon.
Lady in a moment.
I recognise that we all intend to do the right thing by bringing forward this legislation.
I recognise that the Government are trying to do the right thing, as is  the hon.
Member for Bath (Wera Hobhouse) .
However, we get into all sorts of trouble when Opposition Members get hold of this sort of law in Committee and when the courts are required to judge on what will necessarily be obscure language about the management of human relations and free speech.
The precedent being set by this law is dangerous.
Does the hon.