I say a big thank you to Baroness Burt of Solihull, who has worked tirelessly in the other place to ensure that my Bill got to this stage.
My thanks also go to the team at the Government Equalities Office, whose constant advice and encouragement has been outstanding.
Finally, I thank my own team for sticking with me.
I will now speak to Lords amendments 1 and 2, which have undoubtedly narrowed the scope of my Bill.
Lords amendment 1, tabled by Lord Hannan of Kingsclere, removes clause 1 from the Bill, getting rid of the proposed liability of employers for third-party harassment in the workplace.
It means that incidents of third-party harassment will continue not to be covered by the law, other than in extreme cases resulting in clear personal injury or where a criminal offence has been committed.
The legal situation  will remain as it has been since third-party harassment protections were repealed in 2013.
I personally think that that is a shame.
Lords amendment 2, tabled by Baroness Noakes, narrows the concept of “all reasonable steps” to simply “reasonable steps”.
The practical steps that an employer might take would be substantially the same.
For example, employers might consider implementing an effective equality policy, providing anti-harassment training and dealing effectively with employee complaints, among other things.
The difference in the wording means that the tribunals would apply a lower threshold when assessing a breach of the employer duty compared with the original drafting of the Bill.
The Equality Act 2010 already contains a statutory defence that requires an employment tribunal assessment of whether an employer took all reasonable steps to determine legal liability.
The amendment will not change the Equality Act’s existing statutory defence, but will create a different test for the new duty on employers to prevent sexual harassment.
The employer duty will still send a strong signal to employers that they need to take action to prioritise prevention of sexual harassment and ultimately improve workplace practices and cultures.
I cannot stand here and say that I am completely happy with the amendments, but if I did not accept them the Bill would not progress into law, and that would be a lot worse.
Peers in the other place have reached an understanding with Baroness Burt of Solihull and me: to ensure the passage of the sexual harassment preventive duty, we have accepted the amendments under discussion today.
The longer it takes for legislation preventing sexual harassment to become law, the more workers—especially women—will be left at risk of workplace sexual harassment.
That would simply not be acceptable.
In the face of continuous scandals, we as lawmakers cannot stand by and do nothing.
Once the Bill has passed into law, it will be the beginning of a much-needed culture change.
I have been most grateful for the guidance of the Fawcett Society and the wider alliance for women, who continue to support the Bill because of the substantial difference it will make to women’s lives.
Without their support and guidance, I would not have been able to take this revised Bill forward.
Those groups remain disappointed that the clause that would have provided protection from third-party harassment has not been taken forward.
I fully accept their disappointment.
Further protections are essential to give businesses and organisations clarity on what they need to do to make their workplaces safe for everybody.
We hope that the debate on this Bill has encouraged all businesses and organisations to recognise that they can make a significant difference in protecting staff from harassment by customers and clients.
There remains unfinished business, but the discussion is moving us forward and it is important that we get cross-party support in both Houses, which is why I keep saying that I am accepting the Lords amendments.