Official Report,  10 September 2021 ; Vol.
700, c. 630-631.]
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for his campaign on behalf of so many of all our constituents who write to us expressing concern about the vaccine programme and, in particular, about the injuries scheme.
Does he agree that it is very wrong for the media, and indeed colleagues here, to castigate campaigners for the vaccine-injured for being conspiracy theorists, anti-vaxxers and troublemakers?
As my hon.
Friend says, these are people who took the vaccine in response to a call from Government, and they deserve the support of not only the health service but the Government themselves if they turn out to have been injured by it.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his generous comments.
He himself has been a valuable member of the all-party parliamentary group on covid-19 vaccine damage, and he is right to say that many people—not just our constituents in this country, but people elsewhere—feel that they have been ignored by the powers that be.
There is a glimmer of hope, in that during the public inquiry into covid-19, Lady Hallett, when discussing the terms of reference for what is called the fourth module of the inquiry—which will take place next July—seemed very much minded to deal with the issues that my hon.
Friend has mentioned and about which I continue to be concerned.
In order to emphasise that this is not just a subject for the United Kingdom, let me mention a book that was published recently.
I declare an interest, as one of the contributors. “
Canary In a Covid World: How Propaganda and Censorship Changed Our (My) World” is described as
“A collection of essays from 34 contemporary thought leaders.”
In my own essay, I said a great deal about these issues, including about the failure of our own vaccine damage payment scheme to recognise that people had suffered harm and, in some cases, bereavement as a result of the vaccines.
We could not, I said, continue to ignore these pressures.
It was encouraging to learn about all that is  happening in other parts of the world from contributors in Canada, the United States, the rest of Europe, Australia and New Zealand.
I have here a House of Commons Library edition of the book, and I am going to return it to the Library, so if any other Members want to have a look at it, they can.
I commend my hon.
Friend for all the sterling work he has done on behalf of the people who have been injured by the vaccine.
May I return him to his point about the covid inquiry and what Baroness Hallett said?
I would not want him to give the impression that that means the Government should be able to leave it to the inquiry to deal with this issue, given that it may not produce a full report for many years.
People need compensation now.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the Government should adopt his proposal—which provides for a much shorter timescale—and get on with it, rather than using the inquiry as a get out of jail card?
Absolutely.
My hon.
Friend has anticipated what I was going to say later, namely that the Government need to take their head out of the sand and face up to the reality that this issue will be debated at the inquiry next year.
People with the rights of audience have already made their preliminary statements.
Would it not be so much better for the Government to undertake the action set out in the Bill now, rather than waiting for the inevitable next summer?
In a sense, the Government have been found out now: everybody realises that, contrary to the impression given for a long time, for some people—an unfortunate minority—the covid vaccines were very bad news.
In some cases, they resulted in deaths and bereavements.