The Government’s coffers are filling up as a result of these inflationary pressures, and yet they continue to be Scrooge-like in relation to people who did the right thing and got themselves vaccinated in the interests of public health but suffered consequences because of an adverse reaction.
This is just not good enough.
Will the Government listen?
That is what I hope will happen as a result of this debate and of the pressure that the Government must be feeling from what will happen at the covid inquiry.
There are other points made in the submissions to the covid inquiry, but what is most important is that Lady Hallett and the counsel to the inquiry have made it quite clear that they will be spending a lot of time looking into these particular issues.
No longer will the Government be able to avoid answering questions, as they are able to in this House when we raise questions and they can give us non-answers.
They will be facing the cross-examination of the counsel to the inquiry and be held to account for their actions or lack of action.
That is why, although the Bill obviously will not get a Second Reading, the Government need to take into account and act on the recommendations in it, because this issue is not going to go away.
I am conscious that other Members want to speak in the debate, so I will just make a couple of other points.
If the Government are not prepared to increase the rate at which people can be paid, how are we going to get anywhere?
At the moment, people who are sadly victims of the contaminated blood scandal do not have to show 60% disability in order to qualify for compensation.
Should there be some equivalence between the compensation that is payable under the contaminated blood inquiry and that which should be paid to those who have become victims of covid-19 vaccines?
If we look at personal injury payouts under the Judicial College guidelines, a 60% disability is the equivalent of an above-knee amputation of one leg.
Under the guidelines, that would give rise to damages—just for that trauma—of anything between £105,000 and £137,000.
The consequential loss flowing from that—the loss of earnings, the health costs and all the rest of it—would be in addition to that.
Does that not just show how paltry these sums are?
It makes the case for a no-fault system.
Why are we messing around with trying to establish liability?
If somebody confirmed as being perfectly healthy has a vaccine and then suffers a lot of adverse consequences, why can we not accept that, in the absence of any other explanation, it must be assumed that those consequences were as a direct result of the vaccine?
Interestingly, Oxford University’s Centre for Socio-Legal Studies has described the Vaccine Damage Payments Act 1979 as a “no-fault compensation scheme”.
Would that it was.
If it was, we would not be where we are now.
That is one of the most important issues that should be addressed the Government.
Indeed, it is being addressed in other jurisdictions.
Let us remember that for years the Government said that these vaccines were absolutely safe and effective—there was no qualification at all.
Germany’s Health Minister said something similar, but more recently retracted, saying that he had got it all wrong and that although they were safe and effective in most respects, they were not safe and effective for everybody.
As a result, Germany is paying out significant sums to people who were adversely affected.
Our Government need to address this issue seriously and try to get back on to the right foot in advance of the hearings at the covid inquiry next July.
So I ask that the House supports this Bill on Second Reading.
It is a pleasure to see you in the Chair, Mr Deputy Speaker.
I commend my hon.