He described how 139 applicants have been waiting for more than 18 months for a decision on their case.
This is excessively long, especially when people are injured and potentially unable to work.
We were also told that 162 claims were found to have had disablement caused by the vaccine, but it was judged that those people were just not disabled enough to merit a financial reward.
In many of those cases, the decision was reached without a doctor meeting or even speaking to the applicant to help with the assessment.
In the rare cases that money has been awarded, the payment has not changed since 2007, as my hon.
Friend has said, so its value has been eroded by inflation, which simply is not good enough.
In conclusion, I will make a plea for transparency and integrity.
It is time to be honest with the public about the safety of these vaccines, and we must start by giving them access to information and data without further delay.
We must also, as an urgent priority, look after those who have been damaged, or those who have tragically lost loved ones.
We may then begin to restore the faith that has undoubtedly been lost in the authorities responsible for protecting and promoting public health.
There are many unanswered questions and the repetition by Ministers of those three words—“safe and effective”—is  simply not a good enough answer, for all the reasons I have just given, so I am delighted to support the  Bill introduced by my hon.
Friend the Member for Christchurch.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Christchurch (Sir Christopher Chope)  on securing Second Reading of the Bill.
I thank  the right hon.
Member for Tatton (Esther McVey)  and  the hon.
Member for Shipley (Philip Davies)  for participating in the debate.
I have listened attentively to the issues they raise.
I will begin by setting out Labour’s position on the matter.
We believe that the covid-19 vaccine is safe and effective.
It has saved countless lives, not only in Britain but across the globe.
Over the course of the pandemic, over 230,000 people across the UK died with covid-19.
Therefore, it is important we do not understate that getting a vaccination has been, and continues to be, the single most effective way to reduce deaths and severe illness from covid-19.
rose— Members from across the House will be aware that all vaccines go through extensive and ongoing testing procedures.
The covid-19 vaccines went through multiple stages of clinical trials before being approved. [
Interruption.]
The vaccine has met strict independent standards for safety, quality and effectiveness.
On that point, will the hon.
Lady give way?
I will not.
Order.
It is entirely up to the hon.
Lady whether she gives way or not, but Members should not walk into the Chamber three quarters of the way through a debate and then seek to intervene.
It is important for me to set out Labour’s position on the matter.
Without the vaccine and the work of scientists, volunteers and NHS staff, we would not have been able to end the lockdowns and return to our daily lives.
I am sure we all agree on that.
Therefore, the shadow health and social care team remain extraordinarily grateful to all those who have worked so hard to build and roll out the vaccines across the UK.
However, while the covid-19 vaccination programme has been hugely successful, there have been some extremely rare cases of people sadly suffering side effects and deteriorating health with possible links to covid-19 vaccines.
While serious and adverse events are rare compared to the number of doses administered, when they do occur, they can have unexpected and life-changing implications.
It is therefore right that our healthcare system and this Government do all they can to improve the diagnosis and treatment of those who have suffered from this.