Yes, it should be the beginning of a culture change to prevent sexual harassment happening before it gets to a point where it has such damaging effects.
The Equality and Human Rights Commission found that in nearly half of cases reported the employer took no action, minimised the incident or placed the responsibility on the employee to avoid the harasser.
What one also finds again and again is that the employer does not really know what to do.
When the Bill becomes law, there will be guidance for employers so that they know exactly what is expected of them.
That should help organisations to face those problems.
I thank the hon.
Lady for giving way, because she is making a very important speech.
Protecting people, especially women, from harassment is hugely important.
The Government have a fantastic track record of bringing in legislation to protect vulnerable people.
I had strong concerns about the Bill in its unamended state, particularly on making employers responsible for third-party harassment.
However, yesterday I contacted Denise Rossiter, the chief executive of Essex chambers of commerce, to ask the opinion of Essex businesses.
The message I received back was clear: local Essex employers warmly welcome  the amendments made to the Bill in the other place.
I am delighted the Government have backed them.
I welcome the amendments, in particular Lords amendment 1, and I support the Bill in its amended state.
I thank the hon.
Lady for that intervention and I am pleased we have come to a point across both Houses where we can pass the Bill, as amended, into law.
I will come to the amendments later in my speech and she will hear what I have to say.
The current laws on sexual harassment mean that employers often adopt individualised responses to institutional problems.
That creates space for employers to minimise what is going on and leads to confusion about how to respond appropriately.
Only 45% of managers felt supported by their organisation when reports were made to them.
Ultimately, our current laws do not protect people who have encountered traumatic experiences.
We can and must do better.
My Bill will strengthen the legislative protections against workplace sexual harassment.
It will help to create safer working environments that are fit for the 21st century.
It introduces a standalone duty for employers to take responsible steps to prevent sexual harassment within their organisations.
That will make a real difference, as it will require employers to take proactive steps to address sexual harassment.
It will help to instil a culture change, and it will ensure that people who abuse women and others can no longer rely on their workplaces turning a blind eye.
Instead, they will be held accountable for their actions, making workplaces safer, more productive and more enjoyable for everyone.
I have been pleased to see cross-party consensus for my Bill from the outset, with all parties willing to work together to ensure its passage.
There has been unstinting cross-party support from a sizeable majority of MPs and peers, which clearly demonstrates that workplace sexual harassment is not a party political issue anymore.
I am glad that today should mark the final point of the passage of these vital protections into law.
It took the best part of 2023 to get us here, and I thank everybody involved for their patience and support.
I express my particular gratitude to the Minister for Women and Equalities and the Government Whips, whose support during the ups and downs of the difficult passage of the Bill I have greatly appreciated.
I say a big thank you to Baroness Burt of Solihull, who has worked tirelessly in the other place to ensure that my Bill got to this stage.
My thanks also go to the team at the Government Equalities Office, whose constant advice and encouragement has been outstanding.
Finally, I thank my own team for sticking with me.