However, the authorities are now accepting that people have been damaged.
They would not be making these payments unless they accepted that damage had actually taken place.
Nevertheless, in some cases the compensation being given does not cover the costs of dealing with the disabilities that people have as a consequence.
Given how the Government coerced people into taking the covid-19 vaccine, without particularly warning them about the adverse reactions that might happen in some cases, does my hon.
Friend think the cost of dealing with the disabilities caused should be covered by the Government in full, rather than up to the arbitrary limit that is in place?
Absolutely.
In essence, that is what the Bill calls for.
At the moment, someone can put in a claim and it is resolved months or years later.
Even if they are found to have suffered serious injuries, the maximum payment is £120,000, which is meant to cover all the consequential losses, the cost of care and perhaps the lifetime support that they may need as a result of those injuries.
The Government say, “Don’t worry, you can bring a civil claim in parallel,” but the civil claims that some people are bringing in parallel are being frustrated by Government lawyers.
In some cases, months have gone by and then the Department of Health and Social Care has said, “You should be making your claim against AstraZeneca rather than against the Department.”
However, essentially that is a claim against the same organisation, because the Government are the indemnifier of any liabilities on the part of the producers of these—at the time—experimental vaccines.
I will quote briefly from a reply that the Prime Minister gave to my right hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for Kenilworth and Southam (Sir Jeremy Wright)   on  22 March  this year.
My right hon.
and learned Friend has a constituent who is a litigant; he suffered four weeks in a coma and has permanent injuries as a result.
He has carers, with all the associated costs and loss of earnings, and the £120,000 does not begin to get near the compensation to which he would be entitled under normal circumstances.
My right hon.
and learned Friend asked the Prime Minister about the £120,000 maximum payment and about the arbitrary 60% threshold, but did the Prime Minister respond to either point?
Sadly, he did not.
All he said was:
“We are taking steps to reform vaccine damage payment schemes, by modernising the operations and providing more timely outcomes”.—[Official Report,  22 March 2023 ; Vol.
730, c. 330.]
That was not an answer.
It was hardly accurate either, because the outcomes are not timely.
Many people have been waiting for more than 18 months for their application to be dealt with.
There are many hundreds of applications for which the medical notes have still not been received.
The Government, under pressure from me, said that they would introduce subject access requests to ensure that people could get the medical notes.
Subject access requests have been put forward, but not in respect of every case.
A lot of those requests have been outstanding for more than three months, against a statutory limit of one month.
I do not think that the Prime Minister was correct in saying that effective steps are being taken to modernise the operations and provide more timely outcomes.
I turn briefly to what is in the Bill, particularly to link it in with the UK covid-19 inquiry.
On  13 September  this year, Lady Hallett held the preliminary hearing for module 4 of the inquiry, which, as I have said, will take place in July next year.
The issue of the adequacy of the vaccine damage payment scheme will be fully on the agenda for that meeting in July.
At the hearing, we heard from legal representatives of some of the groups of people who have suffered vaccine damage.
Ms Morris was their counsel.