”––[Official Report, Worker Protection (Amendment of Equality Act 2010) Public Bill Committee,  23 November 2022 ; c. 10.]
Why have the Government decided to change their mind on it?
It seems to me that they have folded to pressure from their Back Benchers.
Let us not forget that the Bill came about as a result of an extensive Government consultation, which received more than 4,000 responses.
It is not necessarily for me to come to the Government’s defence here, but I think the hon.
Gentleman is tying himself up in knots with his argument.
The amendment was passed in the House of Lords.
He will have noticed, I am sure, that the Government do not have a majority in that House, so they cannot be held responsible for an amendment passed in it.
If the Government had done as he asked by overturning the Lords amendment, the Bill would have fallen altogether, so I am not entirely sure what he is arguing for.
I am sure that the hon.
Member is aware that we vote regularly on Lords amendments in this place, and that the Government use their majority to overturn them.
The point that I am trying to make is this: where does this leave Government policy on the issue?
The Fawcett Society found that 56% of women working in the hospitality sector, and 47% of those working in the services industry, have faced sexual harassment in the workplace.
What will the Government do about that?
If the hon.
Gentleman wished to press the matter to a vote as a point of principle, he could vote down the Lords amendment.
I am sure that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Devizes (Danny Kruger)  would be delighted if he did, because in doing so he would guarantee that the whole Bill fell.
Is that really what he wants?
No, that is not what I want, which is why I have said that we will not oppose the amendment, but we are still entitled to express our disappointment about the capitulation.
The Equality and Human Rights Commission’s 2018 report found
“a quarter of those reporting harassment saying the perpetrators were third parties”
and that third-party sexual harassment was dealt with poorly and considered
“a ‘normal’ part of the job”
by some employers.
I do not think that is a situation that we should defend.
Let us be clear: we would not have objected to the Bill if that had been in place—we certainly would have supported it—but we will support it as it stands because, as the hon.
Member for Bath said, it is an important step in the right direction, albeit a much smaller step than originally intended.
The question remains: what is the Government’s plan to deal with third-party harassment?
If they will not bring forward a legislative solution, what do they intend to do?
If there were a repeat of the scenes at the Presidents Club tomorrow, what would be the consequences for the perpetrators?
We need answers to those questions.
Despite the removal of the word “all” from the Bill, the duty to prevent sexual harassment is, as the hon.
Member for Bath said, a new duty that represents a positive step forward.
Establishing that preventive duty will shift the emphasis away from a reliance on individuals reporting harassment to employers and will encourage  employers to take preventive steps.
We are optimistic—we can be—and hope that the Bill will drive structural change by fundamentally shifting the responsibility from the individual to the institution, but what that will mean in reality and how much capacity the EHRC will have to investigate complaints remains to be seen.
Its responsibility to create a statutory code of practice should mean that the focus will be more on working with employers.