However, we get into all sorts of trouble when Opposition Members get hold of this sort of law in Committee and when the courts are required to judge on what will necessarily be obscure language about the management of human relations and free speech.
The precedent being set by this law is dangerous.
Does the hon.
Gentleman agree that a lot of the damage that is done in a workplace, which leaves an individual, perhaps a young one in their first employment, feeling undermined, damaged, bullied and harassed, often comes from exactly the sort of casual conversation they overhear in a canteen or in the office?
The intent of the Bill was not to be restrictive of people, but to protect young people in the workplace, on whom these things can have a huge impact.
The hon.
Lady defines exactly the issue.
She talks about the intent of the Bill being to protect people from feeling distressed, which I think is absolutely right—we should all intend that—but it is difficult for law to manage and protect people’s feelings.
The consequence of writing that into black and white means that we then require courts to adjudicate on all sorts of very difficult emotional issues.
The hon.
Lady talks about the intent behind the Bill.
We all intend the right thing here.
We are all in unity that we disapprove of harassment and incivility, but we disapprove of all sorts of things that we cannot and should not try to criminalise.
The consequence of criminalising bad manners—even very bad manners—is fundamentally to curtail free speech and the freedom upon which all of our civility as a society depends.
I am glad that we are having this discussion in a very respectful way, because that is how it should work.
I recognise that that discussion may not have been had enough and we need a little more time having it.
Does the hon.
Gentleman think that legislation guides better behaviour and that, for that reason, it is important that we pass certain laws?
That is the intention of the Bill.
As I say, I have accepted the Lords amendment, but does he agree that legislation guides better behaviour and that is what we should aim for?
This is an important discussion.
The hon.
Lady is saying that the law is a teacher—indeed, it is—and influences the culture.
It is also true that the law needs to reflect the culture, so we modernise our legislative framework in response to public opinion and how things are.
We now legalise things that were illegal in the past in response to the way culture evolves.
However, the law is a teacher in a bad way too.
It can introduce negative effects into our culture and chill free speech.
It can inhibit the sorts of conversation that are necessary for the development and progress of our society, which is a topic that will come up later in other legislation.
There were significant attempts during the pandemic to effectively criminalise or inhibit free speech around the pandemic response, on exactly the same grounds that we might use in this debate, namely that it is important for public protection and the protection of the vulnerable that misinformation, disinformation and, in this context, harassment should be criminalised.
That was wrong, and I really worry about the possible chilling effect of this legislation.
A narrow gap is left in this law to criminalise free speech.
Many Members will raise the outrageous and unacceptable behaviour that many employees have to put up with in the workplace—I recognise that too.
We absolutely need to insist that that does not happen, but that is a job for the culture and for employers.
In a sense, it is a job for all of us to instil the right sort of moral conduct in our communities, but frankly it is impossible to write legislation in black and white that achieves the outcomes the hon.