Does the Minister accept that his Government’s severe cuts to police numbers, which mean we are at the bottom of international ranking tables, is leaving our young people and communities without the protection they need?
Perhaps I have not said often enough in this Chamber that we now have record numbers of police officers across England and Wales, including in the Metropolitan police area, which has the highest number of police officers per capita of any police force in the country.
Despite that, I was disappointed to see in the recent figures published that, while across the rest of the country excluding London knife crime went down, on Sadiq Khan’s watch in London it went up.
In 2010, the period of service to be eligible for a police long service medal changed from 22 years to 20 years.
Sadly, no decision was made to award it retrospectively, meaning that people such as Sedgley resident Guy Hewlett, who served with distinction for 20 years, were excluded.
This seems to be fundamentally unfair.
Will the Home Secretary agree to look into that unfairness, as a simple remedy could be found to recognise officers who served for the minimum 20 years pre 2010?
Changes of this nature are generally not applied retrospectively.
I will look at that matter again.
Normally, when a length-of-service period has changed it applies prospectively rather than retrospectively, but I will look at the issue.
Last month, tragically, a young man was stabbed to death at Strawberry Hill station in my constituency.
The Minister will know that the key to tackling violent crime is intelligence-led community policing, but despite his previous answer we have seen police officers cut by a third since 2015 and regular abstractions from my constituency into central London.
When will the Minister ensure that my constituents have a visible policing presence again so they feel safe?
I am sure that is a question the hon.
Lady will be posing to London’s police and crime commissioner, Sadiq Khan, in the course of the upcoming mayoral election.
Thanks to Government funding, the Metropolitan police, in common with England and Wales, now has record police numbers.
In the case of the Met there are about 35,000, and in the rest of the country there are about 149,000.
In fact, not only does London have the highest per capita funding of any force in the country, it has the highest number of officers per capita of any force in the country, so Sadiq Khan really has no excuse at all.
Under the new changes, the minimum income threshold for family visas is being raised incrementally over the next year.
However, the only date we have been given so far for that threshold increase is  11 April 2024 .
For people like my constituents who are planning to get married and are making wedding plans, will the Minister set out when we will have further clarity and an update on the timetable for announcing the future thresholds?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend and I recognise his desire for certainty.
What I can say is that we expect to complete the reform in early 2025, with further staging posts to come.
We are, of course, carefully monitoring the implementation through the period of delivering the initial increase.
It is right that we go about it in that incremental way to give certainty to people.
In Bristol, we have sadly seen a number of young people killed by knife crime in the last few weeks.
We have a Conservative police and crime commissioner, but unlike the Minister I have no desire to party politicise this.
What is he doing to work with the Department for Education to ensure schools are involved in trying to lead the fight against knife crime and young people getting involved, whether as victims or perpetrators?
The Youth Endowment Fund, led by Jon Yates, has received a £200 million endowment.