Friend is very supportive of the holistic approach that the Government are taking on this issue.
The measures that we have announced and are taking forward will reduce the inflows by 300,000.
It is important to consider this against the back to work plan that the Department for Work and Pensions is delivering to encourage more people to take on these roles domestically.
She should be absolutely certain that we as a Government will deliver on these measures and will continue to keep them under review to see whether we can go further.
That stands in stark contrast to those on the Opposition Front Bench, who have no plan at all.
To cut a long story short, a constituent’s skilled work visa application was mistakenly withdrawn by the Home Office.
The error has resulted in him no longer having the right to work in the UK, forcing him and his wife to leave their jobs.
His wife is five months pregnant and, although they pay their NHS surcharge, the Home Office error means that they are again getting healthcare bills.
The situation is increasingly desperate, so I ask the Minister to meet me to look into this case and ensure that this Home Office error does not do any more harm than it already has for this young couple.
The hon.
Lady will appreciate that I do not have the specifics of the case to hand, but if she kindly shares them with me, I will look into the case as a matter of urgency.
I hope the Minister will take this opportunity to recognise that the right to claim asylum is allowed under international law and that, therefore, there is no such thing as an illegal asylum seeker.
On that basis, perhaps he can tell us whether he or any Minister has met people with lived experience of the system and whether he will meet the people at the Maryhill Integration Network in Glasgow North to discuss these issues.
The hon.
Member will recognise that, in an answer to one of his hon.
Friends, I said that I would be willing to meet him and his Glasgow colleagues to discuss some of the challenges.
I have made an undertaking to him that that meeting will happen, and I will make sure that it happens at the earliest possible opportunity.
I am keen to understand what the challenges  are and to make sure that the support that we are providing to help facilitate move-ons, for example, is meeting the needs that exist.
I call the shadow Minister.
Since our last Home Office questions, the list of Government failures on immigration has continued to grow relentlessly: 30,000 asylum seekers stuck in limbo, unable to be processed due to the Prime Minister’s legislative fiasco; 250 visas awarded to a care home that does not actually exist; net migration trebled; and criminals free to fly into our country undetected on private jets.
Having just sacked the independent inspector of borders and immigration, is the Home Secretary sitting on 15 different reports by the inspector because he is checking for typos, or is it because he is utterly terrified of what those reports will tell us about this Government’s shambolic and failing immigration system?
Let me answer that point very directly: having given proper consideration to those reports, we will be responding to them.
As I said in the House last week, we will do so very soon.
The shadow Minister mentioned the Government trying to dodge scrutiny.
When it comes to the general aviation report, for example, it was our officials who asked the inspector to take it forward.
Far from dodging scrutiny, we have invited it in that area.
We will respond properly and thoroughly to that report in exactly the way that I undertook to do last week.
I call the SNP spokesperson.