This morning, I met the chief constable and the police and crime commissioner of Staffordshire to make that clear.
I also spoke this morning to the chair of the National Police Chiefs’ Council, Chief Constable Gavin Stephens, to make the same point.
I am pleased to report to the House that four people have now been arrested in relation to the incident in Stoke city—[Interruption.]—on charges under section 4A of the Public Order Act 1986 and section 68 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994—
Order.
Sorry, Minister, but we cannot both be standing at the same time.
Has the Minister had a chance recently to talk to the Conservative police and crime commissioner for Devon and Cornwall Police, which has been in special measures since 2022, and is now being sued by seven former and serving women police officers for failing to deal with rapes, emotional abuse and beatings over a number of years?
What can he do to reassure the public in Devon and Cornwall that these allegations will be thoroughly independently investigated and any wrongdoing acted on?
Of course, we have the Independent Office for Police Conduct to make sure that there is an independent body available to investigate serious allegations about police forces or their conduct of particular investigations.
On the Engage process, the chief inspector of constabulary chairs regular meetings of the policing performance   oversight group, where forces in Engage are looked at and overseen.
Devon and Cornwall is one of those forces, along with the West Midlands and London.
Local policing is really important.
I have had some good news from my police and crime commissioner, Alison Hernandez, which is that Liskeard is to have a new police inquiry office.
Would my right hon.
Friend join me in welcoming this, and will he look at what further funding is available for this to happen in other towns?
I pay tribute to the excellent police and crime commissioner, Alison Hernandez, for the work that she has done to get the Liskeard centre open, and of course I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for her tireless work campaigning on behalf of Devon and Cornwall Police.
Devon and Cornwall Police now has 3,718 officers, which is a record, and next year it will be receiving £28 million more funding compared with the current financial year, providing plenty of money to invest in services, as my hon.
Friend quite rightly requests.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for everything you do to keep Members of Parliament safe.
I know that so much of it goes unseen.
I know, from talking to residents in Hull West and Hessle, that they are deeply concerned about the rise in antisocial behaviour.
Antisocial behaviour is not trivial; it has a huge impact on neighbourhoods and on the mental health of the people subjected to it.
So why are the Government failing to take it seriously?
With great respect, that is complete nonsense.
The Government published an antisocial behaviour action plan just last year.
From April of this year, in just a couple of months’ time, every single police area in England and Wales will have funding—£66 million in total—to run hotspot patrols in areas where there is antisocial behaviour or serious violence problems.
We have 10 force areas running pilots for immediate justice, where people committing ASB have to do immediate reparations, and we banned nitrous oxide on  8 November  last year.
So an action plan is being implemented, and every single police force is having money to run hotspot patrols to combat ASB.
What steps his Department is taking to help ensure the safety and wellbeing of asylum seekers in asylum accommodation.
We continue to provide safe, habitable and fit-for-purpose accommodation for asylum seekers who would otherwise be destitute.
The Home Office has established procedures to hold contracted accommodation providers responsible for the provision of the safety, security and wellbeing of asylum seekers.