The sub-postmasters have no trust or faith in the compensation processes being handled by the Post Office or the Government.
Today’s commitments will still not deal with all the inequalities in the schemes or the undue influence that the Post Office still has on the process.
Echoing the sentiments of some of my hon.
Friends, may I ask the Minister to agree to place the compensation schemes into an external independent body, completely outside the influence of the Post Office?
I asked the Prime Minister, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bethnal  Green and Bow (Rushanara Ali)  has asked, about the timescales for the legislation to overturn the convictions, but we still have not got an answer.
If it is not before the general election, will it be before the summer recess?
Finally, when will people be held to account for this miscarriage of justice, be it within the Government, the Post Office or Fujitsu?
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps he is taking to tackle knife crime in Greater Manchester.
What steps he is taking to tackle knife crime in Bournemouth.
As we have said often in debates this House, knife crime is a terrible crime; it tears families apart and all too often takes young people from us.
As the House will know, violent crime overall has reduced by 51% since 2010, but there is more we can do.
That includes funding violence reduction units—Manchester’s VRU has £20 million of funding for the coming financial year—and running hotspot policing in areas where serious violence and antisocial behaviour are a problem.
The £66 million of funding for that across England and Wales is in addition to the existing police funding settlement.
In September 2021, my constituent Rhamero West was chased across Manchester, stabbed and killed—he was just 16.
His mum, Kelly, has worked tirelessly to make sure that no other families have to face the suffering she and her family have faced, including by raising money to fund a network of bleed kits across Greater Manchester and a youth project in Fallowfield.
She wants to tell Rhamero’s story to help save other young lives, so will the Minister agree to meet her?
Yes, of course.
It sounds as though the hon.
Gentleman’s constituent is campaigning bravely, as so many parents do, to try to bring some good out of a terrible personal tragedy, so I would be delighted to meet him and his constituent.
May I quickly put on record my thanks to the Security Minister and the Policing Minister for their efforts in upgrading MPs’ security?
Across the UK, ever more young people are choosing to carry knives.
Sadly, that is the case in Bournemouth as well.
Violence reduction units are dedicated police units that have a proven track record of reducing knife crime in town centres in other parts of the country, not just through increased policing, but by working in the community, including at schools, to educate youngsters on the dangers of carrying a knife.
I am grateful for the increase in police numbers in Dorset, but will the Minister ask the Chancellor to see whether extra funds can be provided specifically for a VRU for Bournemouth?
I will convey my right hon.
Friend’s request to the Chancellor, and I put on record my thanks for his tireless campaigning and that of other Dorset MPs for resources for that county and its police force.
Dorset police will receive about £11 million more next year than it received the previous year.
Thanks to the campaigning of my right hon.
Friend and other Dorset MPs, it also received an exceptional special grant last year of £600,000 to help campaign against violence.
My right hon.
Friend is right to say that violence reduction units have a very positive effect.
In the next financial year, £55 million will be spent on them for the 20 police force areas judged to have the most significant  violence problems.