What will the Minister do to sort that out?
I can reassure the hon.
Gentleman that, under our tackling organised exploitation programme, we are keenly aware of the difference between victims and criminals, and that children are being drawn into criminal enterprises and gangs at ever-younger ages.
I want to provide reassurance that where we have evidence of that happening, the child should be referred through  the national referral mechanism—the framework for identifying victims of exploitation by county lines groups and equivalents.
That can be done with or without the child’s consent, and it provides the police with a vital tool not just to protect the child but to disrupt the criminal activity in which they are being enlisted.
Last week, Bedfordshire police reported that two drug dealers who had trafficked a vulnerable 15-year-old child from Luton to sell drugs were sentenced under modern slavery laws.
Although that conviction is of course welcome, I think we can all agree that this is not just slavery; it is the despicable act of grooming children into a life of drugs, gangs and violence.
Why do not the Government back our plans for a new specific offence to lock up such criminals for exactly what they are doing and stop them exploiting children and young people for a life of crime?
I agree with much of what the hon.
Lady says.
The Prime Minister implemented new measures to deal with child sexual exploitation in April of last year, but part of that deals with organised exploitation, which goes wider.
I am glad to hear that those two criminals were convicted under modern slavery laws.
I want to reassure her that, under our Criminal Justice Bill, which is making its way through the House, grooming gangs will receive enhanced sentences.
It is deeply disturbing when children and young people are involved in violent crime.
Experience from around the world shows that a whole-of-Government approach is crucial in tackling the problem, as has been acknowledged in successive Government strategies.
Will the Minister give us an update on how the Government are ensuring that that is delivered?
If I have understood my right hon.
Friend’s question correctly, I can tell her that we are doing a huge amount on child exploitation.
Only last week, we implemented the No.
1 recommendation of the independent inquiry into child sexual abuse, for mandatory reporting, and we have more to come.
This remains a Government priority.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Minister says that the Government are doing loads, but since 2018 there has been a huge increase in the number of weapons seized in schools in some areas of the country, with knives and Tasers found in some instances.
Our young people continue to bear the brunt of the Tories’ decision to hollow out youth services and prevention work in our communities.
Meanwhile, ninja swords and other weapons remain just a google search away.
Parents should not fear for their children’s safety at school.
When will the Government match Labour’s ambition for a Young Futures programme and prioritise the safety and opportunities of our young people?
I make no apology for the success of our violence reduction units and the difference that they have made to young people’s lives since 2019.
My right hon.
Friend the Minister for Crime, Policing and Fire made the point that the crime survey for England and Wales shows that there has been a 51% fall in violent crime since 2010.
More than that, our violence reduction  units, working in conjunction with our Grip hotspot policing, have delivered a statistically significant fall in violent injuries.
Hospital admissions for knife crime and equivalent have fallen by 25% since 2019, and overall knife crime has fallen nationally by 5% since 2019, all in the life in this Parliament.
We have banned zombie knives and cyclone knives, and our Criminal Justice Bill will give the police more powers to make pre-emptive seizures.