We can have an SO24 to get an immediate debate because the debate is so important to the House.
”—[Official Report,  22 February 2024 ; Vol.
745, c. 872.]
Those were your words, Mr Speaker.
In good faith, my colleagues and I sought to bring forward an SO24 debate, which, among other things, would have sought to end the sale of arms to Israel and call on the Government to use their voice at the United Nations to exercise our view in favour of an immediate ceasefire.
It is my understanding that that SO24 application has not been accepted.
Can you please advise me on when it will be accepted?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for giving me notice of his point of order.
The Standing Order says that I should not give the reasons for any decision regarding a  Standing Order No.
24  application.
Indeed, properly, we should not be discussing what is a private application to the Speaker.
However, given the exceptional circumstances we find ourselves in today, my view is that I ought none the less to explain my reasoning.
In determining whether a matter is proper to be discussed under the Standing Order, I must have regard to two criteria.
The first is the extent to which it concerns the administrative responsibilities of Ministers of the Crown or could come within the scope of ministerial action.
I am satisfied that the matter does relate to areas of ministerial responsibility and falls within the scope of ministerial action.
Secondly, in determining whether a matter is urgent, I must have regard to the probability of the matter being brought before the House in time by other means.
The House came to a resolution on this matter on Wednesday last week.
Further, I understand that the Government are ready to make a relevant statement tomorrow, so there is a very imminent opportunity for this important matter to come before the House.
That is why I decided that the application for an emergency debate should not proceed.
That decision of course does not mean that Members cannot apply for a debate at a later stage, when circumstances might have changed.
While the decision is mine to take, I have consulted my Deputies and the Clerks on this matter and we have agreed on this approach.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I would like to make a statement on the recent response to Houthi aggression in the Red sea.
Thirty years ago, the United Nations convention on the law of the sea came into force.
That agreement was ratified by 168 nations and it states explicitly in article 17 that
“ships of all States, whether coastal or land-locked, enjoy the right of innocent passage through the territorial sea”.
Since  19 October  the Houthis, aided and abetted by Iran, have launched a ruthless and reckless campaign of attacks against commercial shipping.
These attacks are not solely limited to commerce; our military vessels are also in the Houthi crosshairs.
The Royal Navy, the US Navy and most recently the French Navy have also been targets.
Vessels owned by Chinese and Bulgarian companies and crews from India, Sri Lanka and Syria have been targeted indiscriminately, making a mockery of Houthi claims that this is all about Israel.
From the outset we have been clear that this cannot carry on.
Freedom of navigation underpins not only our security but our prosperity.
Around 80% of traded goods are carried over the seas, as are about 90% of the goods arriving in the United Kingdom.
These necessities on which we depend arrive through a small number of critical waterways, so upholding these precious freedoms is essential for the preservation of life.
This Government are determined to help restore the tranquillity of the Red sea.