What steps his Department is taking to help ensure the safety and wellbeing of asylum seekers in asylum accommodation.
We continue to provide safe, habitable and fit-for-purpose accommodation for asylum seekers who would otherwise be destitute.
The Home Office has established procedures to hold contracted accommodation providers responsible for the provision of the safety, security and wellbeing of asylum seekers.
In addition, asylum seekers have access to a 24/7 helpline to raise concerns and make formal complaints.
Recent tragic events demonstrate that even those who are at risk of suicide are ignored after repeatedly raising concerns about their mental health in asylum accommodation.
Why have Ministers changed the allocation of asylum accommodation policy to make it harder for people to prove that they are at risk of harm at a particular site?
Will they learn the lessons from December’s tragic incident?
I do not accept the depiction that the hon.
Lady paints of the situation.
We of course make appropriate case-by-case decisions about accommodation arrangements for individuals, reflecting the needs they have and with proper referrals made, as one would rightly expect, to any other agencies that may be required to ensure somebody’s health or wellbeing, and that any safeguarding issues are properly addressed.
Migrant Help support is of course available for people to access 24/7 and raise any issues.
What recent progress he has made with his French counterparts on tackling illegal migration.
Joint working with our French partners is crucial to stopping the boats.
Thanks in no small part to that joint working, small boat crossings were down by 46% last year.
My spies tell me that my hon.
and learned Friend was in France just nine days ago.
Were there any lessons to be learned from the French authorities about more co-operation that can go on to stop the boats even further?
My hon.
Friend is right: I was in France nine days ago.
Even while I was there, a boat was seized, but he is right to say that more needs to be done.
Personnel, equipment and technology are key to breaking the business model of the criminal gangs.
Having met the new Préfet du Nord, I am in no doubt that this is a joint mission.
Will the Minister update the House on the number of illegal migrants who have crossed the channel and are currently being accommodated in hotels at the expense of the public purse?
How does that compare with the number of UK nationals who are currently homeless or sleeping rough?
I can confirm that the Government have beaten our target of closing 50 hotels by the end of January, which I am sure the hon.
Gentleman will want to welcome.
What progress his Department has made on closing asylum hotels.
The Home Office has been clear that the use of hotels was a temporary and short-term measure to ensure that we met our statutory obligation to accommodate destitute asylum seekers during a period of unprecedented  numbers of small boat arrivals.
We are making significant progress in closing hotels, with more than 64 closed by the end of January.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
Shrewsbury has more listed buildings than any other town in England, and we benefit from beautiful architecture that attracts a huge amount of tourism from across the United Kingdom and overseas.
Our top hotel in the centre of Shrewsbury is being used to house illegal migrants.
We were given an assurance that the hotel would be taken out of that use, yet we have heard nothing further from the Minister or his Department.
When will the Lion Hotel in Shrewsbury revert back to its normal use, which is housing tourists?
It is certainly the case that I have not given an assurance to that effect, but I know that my hon.