More than that, our violence reduction  units, working in conjunction with our Grip hotspot policing, have delivered a statistically significant fall in violent injuries.
Hospital admissions for knife crime and equivalent have fallen by 25% since 2019, and overall knife crime has fallen nationally by 5% since 2019, all in the life in this Parliament.
We have banned zombie knives and cyclone knives, and our Criminal Justice Bill will give the police more powers to make pre-emptive seizures.
What assessment he has made with Cabinet colleagues of levels of compliance with post-charge police bail curfew conditions.
Decisions on bail conditions are set, enforced and monitored locally, but it is very important that where police bail conditions are set down, they are adhered to, in order to protect the public.
Three members of my constituent’s family were killed in an appalling dangerous driving case.
The offender was on police bail at the time, with curfew conditions, for a separate offence.
Given that legislation does not allow for tagging in such cases to enforce those curfew conditions, will my right hon.
Friend consider bringing forward changes to the law so that electronic monitoring can be used for offenders released on post-charge police bail?
My hon.
Friend raises a very important point, informed by a tragic case in his own constituency.
He is right that, as it stands, the legislation does not allow for tagging of people who are simply on police bail—that is to say, before their first appearance in court.
There are some considerations to do with whether tagging constitutes a form of punishment and whether that is appropriate prior to a court hearing.
However, my hon.
Friend raises a reasonable point informed by a constituency case, and I am happy to take it away and look at it with him.
I thank the Minister very much for that response.
Obviously, with a renewed and reinvigorated Northern Ireland Assembly and a Minister in place, we in Northern Ireland are very keen to work alongside the Minister on some of the suggestions he has referred to.
Will he contact the policing and justice Minister in the Northern Ireland Executive to ensure that what is going to happen here can happen to us in Northern Ireland, and that we can all gain the advantage?
I thank the hon.
Member for his question.
It is, of course, very good news that the Northern Ireland Assembly and Executive have been restored.
Policing is devolved, so the Assembly and Executive can set their own policy.
However, if they would like any information about the policies we are pursuing in the England and Wales jurisdiction, I would be very happy to share that information and work constructively and collaboratively with all the devolved Administrations, including in Northern Ireland.
What recent discussions he has had with chief constables on delivering policing at a local level.
We have very regular discussions with chief constables across the country about local policing—in fact, just this morning I had a discussion with the chief constable of Staffordshire Police about some local policing issues in that county.
It is a dialogue that happens on a regular and ongoing basis.
Police chief constables are, of course, operationally independent, but we work very closely in partnership with them.
Leighton Buzzard, Dunstable and Houghton Regis are the third, fourth and fifth largest towns in Bedfordshire, yet they have a fraction of the police officers that are based in Luton and Bedford.
Will the Minister speak to the chief constable to ensure that we get a fairer allocation of the record number of police officers we have in Bedfordshire, spread across the county and with a 24/7 first responder presence?
My hon.
Friend is a doughty champion for his part of Bedfordshire.
He is quite right to say that Bedfordshire, in common with many other parts of the country—and indeed with England and Wales as a whole —has a record number of police officers.