We all must challenge all forms of threat, prejudice, racism and hate.
Having heard the words from the former deputy chair of the Conservative party of a Muslim Mayor, who said that his “mates” are Islamist extremists and that he has been taken over by “Islamists”, is any Home Office Minister now prepared to stand up and say not only that those words about the London Mayor are wrong, but that they believe they were Islamophobic and should be condemned as such?
Within 24 hours of those words being used, this Prime Minister took immediate action by removing the Whip from that individual.
If only all leaders of every political party were as quick to remove the Whip from those who spread hatred in our community.
As Rochdale sadly demonstrates, they are not.
I am sorry that the Minister, who I know takes issues seriously, chose not to respond to my question.
Rightly, on all sides of the House we have called out and condemned antisemitism, and we must continue to do so.
If Government Ministers cannot openly challenge Islamophobia, they play into the hands of extremists—both far right and Islamist.
The Minister will know that hate crime fuels extremism.
If the Government took any of this seriously, they would not have just ditched plans for a new hate crime strategy or left it nine years to update the countering extremism strategy.
Does he agree that it is not just their inability to say the words but their failure to act that is leaving our communities exposed?
I am sorry that the right hon.
Lady does not see the action as clearly as others in this House.
The Whip was removed immediately because anti-Muslim hatred is wrong.
There is no hierarchy in hatred or racism.
It is all wrong.
Anti-Muslim hatred is wrong.
The support that some have given to Islamist communities in our country is tragic and this Government will work against it.
That is exactly why we have proscribed Hizb ut-Tahrir—because we will work against hatred from whichever community, in whatever way it comes.
I understand that the Government are looking to further restrict the ability of sex offenders to change their name.
Should we not impose at least the same restrictions, or perhaps an outright ban, on those convicted of murder, because they can continue to be a threat to the families of those they murdered?
The Home Office explored whether a name-change ban should be extended to murderers and determined that the operational need did not exist.
Anyone convicted of murder automatically receives a life sentence.
If they are released from prison, they are managed by probation for the remainder of their life and they remain under an obligation to notify probation within 72 hours of any change of their name.
Should they fail to do so, they face immediate recall to prison and up to an extra five years behind bars.
So far, we feel that that is working adequately.
Next month, it will be four years since the publication of the cross-party Youth Violence Commission report, which recommended violence reduction units.
However, knife crime and serious violence are soaring across the country.
Does the Minister accept that his Government’s severe cuts to police numbers, which mean we are at the bottom of international ranking tables, is leaving our young people and communities without the protection they need?
Perhaps I have not said often enough in this Chamber that we now have record numbers of police officers across England and Wales, including in the Metropolitan police area, which has the highest number of police officers per capita of any police force in the country.
Despite that, I was disappointed to see in the recent figures published that, while across the rest of the country excluding London knife crime went down, on Sadiq Khan’s watch in London it went up.