Will the Secretary of State answer the question asked by the shadow Defence Secretary, which he avoided earlier: now that this appears to be sustained operation, might a vote in this House be appropriate?
We will continue to gauge the view of the House on these matters.
I have noted that each party’s representative has—from tentatively to fully—supported these measured responses.
If the rapidity or severity of the attacks increased, for example, my judgment at the moment would be that it is possible to read the mood of the House, but we will keep that under review and ensure that we continually come back to the House to provide defence intelligence briefings to Members who require them.
According to a survey released by the British Chambers of Commerce, over half of British retailers and exporters have been impacted by the disruption in the Red sea, which is causing logistics delays, pushing up costs, and risking higher prices and  fewer choices in British shops and elsewhere.
Can my right hon.
Friend confirm that our military action is consistent with the UK’s overarching aim of de-escalating tensions and restoring stability in the Red sea?
Yes, I can absolutely provide that reassurance.
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right to point out that the situation is already having a cost for British consumers.
As I mentioned in my comments, globally about 80% of goods move by sea; for the United Kingdom, it is about 90%, given that we are an island.
It is very important therefore to show, both for the purposes of deterrence and to weaken the Houthis’ ability to attack shipping, that we mean business when we say that this cannot carry on.
After four separate strikes in seven weeks, this appears to be a prolonged military campaign, so I ask the Minister again, as I did on  5 February : what is the long-term strategy, and how does this relate to the ongoing precarious situation in Yemen itself?
If the Government’s plan is to sustain military action, will he speak to the Prime Minister to ensure that Parliament accordingly has a vote or a say, which is only right?
I hope the hon.
Lady will join me in welcoming action against the Houthis, who have attacked a ship that—as I mentioned—has provided aid to the people of Yemen on multiple occasions.
I know that she does not make this mistake, but some people think that the Houthis are somehow the Yemeni authorities.
They are not; they are not the Government.
They are destroying that country through their actions, and are actually preventing aid from getting to the people of Yemen, so it is absolutely right that we take this action.
To assure the hon.
Lady, the previous three attacks were seven days apart or so; it has been a longer period this time.
We have been able to wait longer, perhaps because the Houthis have fewer options to attack shipping, but I stress that we will continue if they carry on attacking shipping.
The simplest thing for all of us to do is to send a clear, united message to the Houthis that they must stop attacking innocent shipping.
The Secretary of State is absolutely right to say that military action is necessary but not sufficient to deal with the long-term problem of the Houthis.
He has mentioned the necessity of tackling financing and the illegal shipping of weapons, but global shipping is peculiarly vulnerable to cyber-attack.
What is the Secretary of State doing to ensure that the UK’s cyber-capabilities are shared with our international partners to protect our global shipping interests?
There are essentially two forms of warfare that my hon.
Friend is pointing to: one is direct cyber-attack and the other is the use of electronic warfare to cause particular outcomes.