Over the past few weeks, we have seen disgraceful attempts to intimidate this House, to undermine the democratic process and to spread fear among those who have been elected to represent our country.
That is unacceptable.
It must end.
To this House, I want to say clearly that the Government will defend our democracy.
We are working with the police and with Parliament to ensure that disagreements are resolved in this House through debate, not outside with threats of violence.
To those who seek to threaten this House, I say this: we will not be cowed; we will not be intimidated; and we will not be silenced.
We will do whatever is necessary to protect those elected to represent us, to safeguard our freedoms and to protect our rights.
I know I speak for colleagues across the whole House when I say we will always act in the interests of our constituents and our country.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
He will be aware that there has been a 335% increase in Islamophobic hate cases in the UK since  7 October , and a 589% rise in antisemitic incidents compared with 2022.
That is affecting our most marginalised and vulnerable groups.
What steps is the Minister taking to protect worshippers and faith schools and to reduce unprecedented levels of hate across these islands?
Over the past year this Government have increased the funding to the Community Security Trust by around £3 million, taking the total to around £18 million.
We have spent a similar amount on other places of worship—only last week I approved spending on security measures to mosques and churches around the country, exactly to counter the kind of hate crimes that the hon.
Member described.
We have engaged with not just the Community Security Trust but organisations  such as Tell MAMA, which do a fantastic job of engaging with us on anti-Muslim hatred.
It is extremely important that we all work together, not just to support and protect every religion and community in our country but to ensure that we lower the tension so that we can all be free to express our views.
Stealing from small convenience stories is causing concern because of both the financial impact on owners and the threat of violence towards staff.
I am grateful to the Minister for meeting colleagues and me to discuss this last week.
I pay tribute to the Thames Valley police and crime commissioner Matthew Barber for his excellent retail crime strategy.
Will my right hon.
Friend set out how the Government plan to tackle those thefts and threats?
This is a very serious issue.
The Government have a retail crime action plan agreed with police, which includes making sure that the police always attend when a suspect is detained, when police attendance is needed to secure evidence or when there has been an assault.
It also includes always following up every single line of inquiry when retail crime occurs, including running footage of the offender through the facial recognition database, and identifying and going after the criminal gangs that often are behind shoplifting.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Last week, Tell MAMA reported that anti-Muslim hate incidents have trebled.
That follows recent reports that antisemitic incidents have hit a record high.
We all must challenge all forms of threat, prejudice, racism and hate.
Having heard the words from the former deputy chair of the Conservative party of a Muslim Mayor, who said that his “mates” are Islamist extremists and that he has been taken over by “Islamists”, is any Home Office Minister now prepared to stand up and say not only that those words about the London Mayor are wrong, but that they believe they were Islamophobic and should be condemned as such?
Within 24 hours of those words being used, this Prime Minister took immediate action by removing the Whip from that individual.