We have a Conservative police and crime commissioner, but unlike the Minister I have no desire to party politicise this.
What is he doing to work with the Department for Education to ensure schools are involved in trying to lead the fight against knife crime and young people getting involved, whether as victims or perpetrators?
The Youth Endowment Fund, led by Jon Yates, has received a £200 million endowment.
Its mission is to work with young people—and that includes working with schools in the way that the hon.
Lady has described —to identify the most effective interventions that could stop young people getting on to the wrong track, a track that can often have tragic consequences.
The youth endowment fund is working with violence reduction units in the 20 police force areas most affected, which are spending £55 million a year, to make the necessary interventions, for instance in schools, to keep our young people safe.
During a recent night out in Wrexham, where I am known as a nurse as well as the Member of Parliament, I was asked to help  police with a man who had collapsed.
As I was beginning cardiac resuscitation, the emergency call handler said that the first responder would be with us in an hour and 15 minutes.
Fortunately the man was stabilised, but then came the wait.
We are well used to the level of service provided by the Welsh Labour Government, but has the Minister made any assessment of how much time is lost by the police attending emergency services?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her work in helping the community: her service has been exemplary.
The police will of course help when there is a threat to life or safety or when criminality is involved, but when the emergency is purely medical, for instance when someone is undergoing a mental health crisis, it is for the NHS to respond, and the nationwide roll-out of the Right Care, Right Person model across England—and soon, I hope, across Wales as well—will ensure that a medical response comes when it is needed.
Yew Lodge hotel in the north-west Leicestershire village of Kegworth continues to accommodate 230 male illegal migrants.
How much longer will this blight be inflicted on my constituents by the Government?
The hon.
Gentleman makes no mention of the fact that one of the hotels in his constituency is being closed, but he might like to welcome that.
He should actually be backing the Government, because we are getting on with closing these hotels.
We are tracking ahead of profile in that regard, and we also have a credible plan to reduce the inflow of people crossing the channel by illegal means.
In respect of the projection of an antisemitic, terrorist-originating slogan on to the Big Ben tower last week, the Metropolitan Police Commissioner claims that he is powerless.
That is utter nonsense, Among other options, the police could use section 4A of the Public Order Act 1986, which refers to the use of
“threatening, abusive or insulting words or behaviour”
with
“intent to cause…harassment, alarm or distress”.
It was behaviour, and it was insulting to Jews and many others.
The police could also have reasonably feared a breach of the peace, ordered the removal of the projection machine, and, if there was non-compliance, arrested the individual for obstructing a constable under the Police Act 1996.
I have personally prosecuted people for these offences.
Police who fail to do their duty can be disciplined for neglect of that duty.
Will the Minister act?
I am sure that all Members were horrified when those political statements, one of which, by implication, called for the destruction of Israel, were beamed on to the Big Ben tower.
It was totally unacceptable, and, incidentally, it was also a breach of planning law.
I do expect the police to take action; my right hon.