Those attacks do absolutely nothing for the Palestinians, whose agonies are extreme.
Last week, Parliament passed Labour’s motion calling for an immediate humanitarian ceasefire.
We all want: an end to the fighting, now; no ground offensive in Rafah; all hostages released; and aid to Gaza ramped up greatly.
Let us come together this week to work for a ceasefire that is observed by all sides, and that can build into the political process that is needed if we are to secure lasting peace, through a two-state solution, for both Palestine and Israel.
I am grateful for the right hon.
Gentleman’s comments.
He asked a series of questions, and I will respond directly.
On effectiveness, we believe that this set of attacks was effective, and early reconnaissance shows as much, as I outlined in my statement.
As ever, it will take a few days to get a full picture, but we have no reason to think that the action was not entirely successful.
We very much intend our attacks on Houthi infrastructure to be a deterrent.
The Houthis think that they can continue their actions; our strikes will ensure that they understand the consequences of those actions and the price to pay for them, but perhaps other people, controlling other waterways, will also understand that the world will not simply stand back and allow those actions to take place.
The right hon.
Gentleman asks about the Prime Minister coming to the House.
I gently point out to him that, technically, he is wrong; the Defence Secretary has the legal authority to sign off actions, as part of royal prerogative.
Legally, I have responsibility for the attacks,  although, as he rightly points out, the Prime Minister came to the House to give the first two statements on them.
As the message in each of those statements is similar and I have legal responsibility, it seems proper and right for me to come to the House and respond to questions.
We have had very full statements after each round of attacks.
The shadow Defence Secretary is quite right to say that this sits within a much wider diplomatic context.
I went into some detail in my comments, but I am happy to talk more about the wider work that is going on in the region to try to bring to a successful conclusion the wider conflict, which is, in my view—and I think I heard him say in his view—nothing to do with why the Houthis are attacking shipping in the Red sea.
Finally, I would just gently say—although many of the SNP are not here—that to claim that the House passed in full agreement a particular resolution last week is a little bit rich given the circumstances.
I call the Chair of the Defence Committee.
Open source information suggests that the strikes are diminishing the capability of the Houthis to attack international shipping.
As that is both welcome and important, will the Secretary of State concur that that is also his assessment?
It is welcome that Aspides and Prosperity Guardian are co-ordinating, but does that also include on the interdiction of weapons being smuggled from Iran into Yemen?
My right hon.
Friend is right that we are degrading—attrited, as they say in military terms—that capability.
However, it is still the case that the Houthis are capable of launching attacks.
To what extent?
Well, the House will come to its own conclusions, but it will note that the gap between the first three rounds of attacks was relatively short, and that the gap between that and this fourth round has been longer.
Again, we will wait to see what the response is.
On interdictions: yes, we will certainly continue to try to ensure that Iran is not resupplying.
The single best message to go out from this House is that Iran should stop that activity.