That is why, recently, the European Union officially launched its Operation Aspides; Members will know that aspides meant “shield” in ancient Greek.
We very much welcome the commitment of our EU partners to joining in the work that has been going on, because no nation should ever be able to threaten the arteries of global commerce.
Thirty years ago, nations of the world all came together to protect innocent passage on our high seas.
Thirty years on, the House should be in no doubt whatsoever that we will continue to stand up for those rights, and do all that we can to defend life and limb of sailors everywhere, and to preserve their precious trading routes, on which we all depend.
I commend this statement to the House.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I thank the Defence Secretary for advance sight of his statement.
We accept that the weekend’s airstrikes were legal, limited, and targeted to minimise the risk of civilian casualties.
We pay tribute to the total professionalism of all forces personnel involved in the operations, which were conducted to protect shipping in the Red sea and uphold freedom of navigation for all nations.
As the Defence Secretary said, the Houthis have been attacking ships of all nations: Chinese, Bulgarian and French ships have been targeted; Danish, Greek and UK ships have been hit; and even aid vessels destined for Yemen have been in the firing line.
The UK and US Navies have been forced to shoot down drones in self-defence.
Today, the British Chambers of Commerce reports that more than half of British exporters are being hit by higher costs and delays because of the Houthi attacks.
The Houthis are threatening international trade and maritime security, and putting civilian and military lives in serious danger.
That is why the UN Security Council last month passed a resolution condemning the Houthis’ actions “in the strongest terms”, and demanding that their attacks cease.
We accept that the military action over the weekend was justified, but was it effective?
What were the objectives for these latest strikes?
Were they fully met?
Were the targets at both Sana’a and Bani destroyed?
Ministers have said that the aims of earlier strikes were, first, to deter Houthi attacks and, secondly, to degrade their capabilities, but deterrence does not feature in the weekend’s eight-nation joint statement in support of the strikes, and the Defence Secretary said this afternoon that “Houthi intent remains undiminished”.
Has deterring attacks been dropped as one of the Government’s objectives for this military action?
As the Defence Secretary says, this was “the fourth such operation” since  11 January .
When will the Government judge this to be a sustained campaign?
At what stage do the Government think that Parliament needs a say?
It is the Prime Minister’s responsibility to authorise UK military action and account for it to the public in this House.
When will we hear from him?
Any military action against the Houthis must be reinforced by a diplomatic drive in the region aimed at stopping the flow of Iranian weapons, cutting off Houthi finances and settling the civil war in Yemen.
What more can the Defence Secretary say about the Government’s wider action?
We continue to back the Royal Navy’s role in defence of shipping from all nations through Operation Prosperity Guardian.
How is that US-led taskforce co-ordinating with Operation Aspides, the European Union’s new naval presence in the Red sea?
Finally, I totally reject Houthi claims that firing missiles and drones at ships from around the world is somehow linked to the conflict in Gaza.
Those attacks do absolutely nothing for the Palestinians, whose agonies are extreme.
Last week, Parliament passed Labour’s motion calling for an immediate humanitarian ceasefire.
We all want: an end to the fighting, now; no ground offensive in Rafah; all hostages released; and aid to Gaza ramped up greatly.