Again, we will wait to see what the response is.
On interdictions: yes, we will certainly continue to try to ensure that Iran is not resupplying.
The single best message to go out from this House is that Iran should stop that activity.
It is worth noting that it has been only Britain and the US that have been doing interdictions in the past few years—and, of course, we will continue to do so.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
First, let me thank the Secretary of State for due sight of his statement.
I think that, as an opposition party, we would give it our tentative support.
What the shadow Defence Secretary said about possible mission creep does give us concern, but I am sure that it is the role of the Opposition to keep asking those questions.
The Secretary of State knows that my last question regarding this issue was on the position of the People’s Republic of China.
Until recently, exports between Europe and China were in excess of £400 billion a year, and there is no doubt that they will suffer as a result of the extended time that it takes to travel between China and Europe, but what beggars belief is China’s utter silence in relation to what is going on—notably, given that it has a military naval capacity in Djibouti.
The Secretary of State and I will disagree on the issue of Gaza.
If we had secured a real vote last week, we would probably have seen that recorded formally in the House.
Gerald M. Feierstein, the former US diplomat, has said that
“the Houthis’ effort to insert themselves into the Gaza conflict”
is aimed at
“strengthening their support base in the country and cementing their movement more firmly in the… ‘axis of resistance’”.
I wonder whether, like me, the Secretary of State is concerned that we are not only strengthening that axis of resistance but, with illicit Chinese and Russian support, now broadening it in the Red sea.
I thank the hon.
Member for his—as he has described it—tentative support.
I have noted that the House has been largely unified on this issue during the past four statements, following previous attacks.
He asks about the mission creep situation.
I hope he feels reassured by the concept that we have waited longer, in part because the Houthis’ capabilities have been damaged, so that there is a longer gap and we do not see this thing speeding up.
We have no intention or desire to see it increase, but we will act if there continue to be attacks on commercial and naval shipping.
The hon.
Member asks about China and Russia and I have to say that I agree; it is important that countries that are impacted by this—the entire world, but perhaps China in particular—do speak up.
We would welcome China being more vocal about the situation.
As I mentioned in my comments, a Chinese vessel has been attacked, so this is of direct concern to the country.
I call on China and, of course, Russia—for what it is worth—to be more vocal on these issues.
Lastly, I just do not accept this Gaza-Houthi connection.
I remind the House that the Houthis were against Hamas until 2015, and now they arrive on the scene and pretend to support them.
They are opportunist thugs taking advantage of the situation and of people’s lives and misery—not just in Gaza but in Yemen—and they should stop and desist immediately.
The Secretary of State will recall that, in handling this topic on  5 February , he strongly endorsed the suggestion that a lot of this trouble in the middle east was linked to tactics to divert from the war in Ukraine.