Members, including my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cities of London and Westminster (Nickie Aiken) , the Government are willing to look at the way those provisions are drafted, to ensure that they are tightly and narrowly drawn, because out intention is that the first stop will always be to offer support.
Criminal sanctions are appropriate only as a last resort if rough sleeping causes a serious problem, for example for businesses.
As drafted, the Bill is a new vagrancy Act with bells on.
Rough sleeping is up 75% since 2010.
Rather than criminalise people who happen to be rough sleeping, should we not provide support and build the houses they need?
As I said, my colleagues in the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities are providing extremely comprehensive packages of support.
Rough sleeping is down by 35% since 2017 and by 28% since before the pandemic in 2019.
The Government are willing to look at changes to make these provisions tightly defined and narrow.
The intention is to use criminal sanctions only as a last resort where rough sleeping is disrupting a business, for example, and preventing it from operating.
It is a last resort—the first resort will always be offering help and support.
What steps he is taking to reduce levels of legal migration.
What steps he is taking to reduce levels of legal migration.
On  4 December , the Government announced a package of new measures to further reduce net migration, including but not limited to stopping overseas care workers bringing family dependants, increasing the salary threshold for skilled worker visas to £38,700 and raising the minimum income requirement for family visas in stages to £38,700.
The changes are being introduced gradually from early 2024 and are not retrospective.
I welcome the measures taken to reduce abuses of the immigration system, but I also recognise the need to exempt critical occupations where we have a specific shortage from the new minimum salary, for example health and care workers.
However, in the Migration Advisory Committee’s interim review of the immigration salary list, published on Friday, several occupations have been removed because a discounted salary of around £31,000 is well above the going rate for such occupations.
Given the vital and growing importance of food security across the country, will my hon.
Friend commit to a review of those occupations which, although not the highest tech or highest paid jobs in our economy, are none the less critical for our food sector and our rural and coastal communities?
There is no stronger advocate for the fishing industry in this House than my hon.
Friend.
He will appreciate that we have received that return from the MAC.
We will look very carefully at its recommendations, but my hon.
Friend knows that as a Government we have been consistently flexible in responding to the needs of the fishing sector.
I would argue that there is more we can do to promote domestic employment, but let me take this matter away and consider his representations.
A key issue often raised by my constituents is the desire to see a dramatic reduction in legal migration.
Bearing in mind that the Opposition appear to have no plan in that regard, can my hon.
Friend reassure me that he will look at new ways to stop this migration, that he will make sure that everybody has the right to work in this country and that we will not decrease wages by bringing in cheap labour from abroad?
My hon.
Friend is very supportive of the holistic approach that the Government are taking on this issue.
The measures that we have announced and are taking forward will reduce the inflows by 300,000.
It is important to consider this against the back to work plan that the Department for Work and Pensions is delivering to encourage more people to take on these roles domestically.