In recent months, Five Eyes nations have raised concerns about the actions of agents with links to India targeting Sikh activists in the United Kingdom.
Most disturbingly, there have been alleged assassinations and foiled assassination plots.
The US and Canadian authorities have taken the lead at senior levels to publicly call out this challenge to their sovereignty, the rule of law and their democratic values.
Given the reports of British Sikhs facing similar threats, what steps are the Government taking to secure their safety?
Will the Minister show the same strength as our partners do in publicly defending their democratic rights?
Let me be completely clear: if there are any specific threats against any British citizen by any foreign power, we will take immediate action.
The Sikh community should be as safe as every other community in the United Kingdom.
All British citizens are equal, whatever their colour, creed, faith or political allegiance.
The reality is that we have taken all the action we believe is appropriate at this stage.
We of course maintain a very close relationship with our Five Eyes partners, and we are absolutely clear that if the situation changes and we need to take action, we will do so.
Russia’s deadly poison attack in Salisbury, Iran’s intimidation of Iran International journalists and China’s secret police stations have long showed the need for a robust strategy to counter transnational repression on British soil.
The Minister mentioned that a review is under way into the UK’s approach to transnational repression.
When will it be published, and will it be part of a wider strategy to counter hostile state activity in this country?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
The review is under way, and it includes many different elements from communities from around the world who are now settled happily in the United Kingdom.
He will understand why I will not go into individual details.
Certain communities have been targeted, such as the Hong Kong Chinese community, which is now very welcome in the United Kingdom under a policy that this Government introduced—I am very proud of the number who have claimed asylum and taken the opportunity as British nationals overseas to settle here—and we are looking at others.
We are open to any reports of transnational repression, and we are listening.
What steps his Department is taking to identify young people most at risk of being drawn into violent crime.
What steps his Department is taking to identify young people most at risk of being drawn into violent crime.
Since 2019, we have invested £160 million in 20 violence reduction units across England and Wales, and a further £55 million has been committed this year.
Violence reduction units have reached more than 270,000 young people.
They bring together specialists from health, the police, local government and community organisations not just to tackle violent crime, but to identify the young people who are most at risk of being drawn into it and provide evidence-based interventions to support them.
I am grateful for that answer.
Children as young as 12 are being recruited by local drug dealers in the central wards of Stockton, and are provided with pocket money—huge sums for them—to carry and deliver class A and class B drugs.
Many of them are in thrall to their balaclava-wearing controllers, who largely act with impunity.
Although the police and other agencies work hard to combat such organised crime, Cleveland has the highest crime rate in the country, and police and councils do not have the fair funding needed to deal with criminals or provide good diversionary activities for those vulnerable young people.
What will the Minister do to sort that out?
I can reassure the hon.
Gentleman that, under our tackling organised exploitation programme, we are keenly aware of the difference between victims and criminals, and that children are being drawn into criminal enterprises and gangs at ever-younger ages.