My hon.
Friend is a doughty champion for his part of Bedfordshire.
He is quite right to say that Bedfordshire, in common with many other parts of the country—and indeed with England and Wales as a whole —has a record number of police officers.
In the case of Bedfordshire, the number is 1,456, and across England and Wales as a whole we now have over 149,000 officers: that is more than we have ever had before, and over 3,000 more than we had under the last Labour Government.
I speak regularly to Chief Constable Trevor Rodenhurst and the excellent police and crime commissioner in Bedfordshire, Festus Akinbusoye.
Of course, how they deploy their record headcount is a matter for them, rather than for Government, but I will certainly mention the issues that my hon.
Friend has raised when I next speak to them—I think we are having a meeting quite shortly—and I know that my hon.
Friend will mention these issues as well.
At the weekend I had to seek extra police support, due to the far-right abuse that I have suffered, which has been inspired and unleashed in part by the conspiracy theories and racist, Islamophobic, anti-Muslim hate peddled by the Members for Ashfield (Lee Anderson), for Fareham (Suella Braverman) and for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss). [
Interruption.]
Order.
You cannot name Members.
It was peddled by Members of the Government party.
Does the Minister agree that there is no place in this House or society for such divisive language?
One Member has had the Whip removed.
Does the Minister agree that other Members should also have the Whip removed, or does he agree with the points that were made?
This House as a whole should be clear that hatred based on religion or race has no part in a civilised country, whether it is directed towards the  Jewish community, who have suffered a surge in antisemitism, or the Muslim community.
The Conservative party is prepared to act extremely quickly, as we did at the weekend—a great deal faster than the Labour party when it had an issue in Rochdale.
I am pleased that the Minister made reference to his meeting with the chief constable of Staffordshire Police after a disgusting hate mob appeared outside a Stoke-on-Trent Conservative fundraiser on Friday.
It appears that a police officer allowed members of the public, who were spewing their hatred, into the venue’s private function room, where they sought to intimidate, harass and bully members old and young—some as young as 11 years old.
One individual involved used to be a member of the now proscribed terrorist organisation Hizb ut-Tahrir.
Is it not about time that we in this House stood up— because, I am sorry, Mr Speaker, but the actions of last week emboldened these individuals to take such action—and said with a clear voice that democracy will not be subdued in this way?
Yes, that is important.
We make it clear in this House that Members of Parliament, elected councillors or anyone engaging in political activity, including attending political events, should be able to do so without intimidation and without harassment.
No one in this House should feel that they have to change their vote, or change procedure, as a result of external pressure.
What happened in Stoke city on Friday evening was completely unacceptable.
A political meeting was disrupted, and indeed closed down by protest.
That is unacceptable.
This morning, I met the chief constable and the police and crime commissioner of Staffordshire to make that clear.
I also spoke this morning to the chair of the National Police Chiefs’ Council, Chief Constable Gavin Stephens, to make the same point.
I am pleased to report to the House that four people have now been arrested in relation to the incident in Stoke city—[Interruption.]—on charges under section 4A of the Public Order Act 1986 and section 68 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994—
Order.