In welcoming the announcements that she is making, can she say what more she will do to ensure we get more young people into our construction industry?
My hon.
Friend is right, and I know he has championed this cause for many years to ensure there are strong vocational and technical routes, including into areas such as construction.
Around 5,000 more construction apprenticeship places will be made available each year, thanks to our £140 million investment, but that investment comes with reform, such as new foundation apprenticeships to equip young people with the skills they need, and construction technical excellence colleges in every region, working together with business, to ensure that we are training the plasterers, the electricians and the bricklayers of the future.
Those are fantastic careers with great prospects, and we must ensure that they are available to more young people, including in my hon.
Friend’s community.
In my constituency of Amber Valley the David Nieper academy teaches employability skills in conjunction with local industry, and it has had zero NEETs—those not in education, employment or training—at age 18 for the past two academic years.
Will the Secretary of State join me in congratulating its students and its staff, and will she commit to visiting, to see how by bringing the workplace into the classroom it celebrates both the academic and the vocational?
That is fantastic to hear, not least given the challenges that we still see with quite high levels across our country of young people who are not  in employment, education or training.
I and the Work and Pensions Secretary are determined to take action on that, and I would be more than happy to do my best to honour my hon.
Friend’s request.
After the creative reimagining of the Government’s target for hiring more teachers, it would be helpful to have some precision on the record for the target of two thirds of young people in higher learning.
We know that higher learning means level 4 or above, but what exactly is a gold-standard apprenticeship?
Does it mean one in growth sectors with very high levels of completion?
Yes, that is one area.
We are refocusing our target to ensure that there are strong technical and vocational routes for our young people, as well as the opportunity to go to university.
Going to university remains a strong option for many young people who want that chance—I know Conservative Members have always been keen to do down our fantastic universities—but the big gap that we have as a country is around level 4 and level 5, especially in technical and vocational education.
The right hon.
Gentleman spent a long time in the Department for Education looking at that issue; this Government will tackle it.
Bath college offers more than 1,000 courses up to degree level and is home to 10,000 learners.
Its alumni include gold medal winner Jason Gardener and drum and bass producer Danny Byrd.
I heard the Secretary of State speaking this morning about the vital importance of vocational training.
What can the Government do to support Bath college to expand its programmes and training courses?
Through the spending review, from next year we are investing £800 million in 16-to-19 funding.
That funding will run alongside the many commitments in the White Paper that I will set out, around more foundation apprenticeships, new V-levels and better routes into technical and vocational opportunities for our young people, working closely with businesses in key areas such as defence, construction and engineering—but there is more to come.
Too many young people are being saddled with huge debts from universities with little to show by way of career prospects.
There is a clear case for the Government to slash poor-value degrees and redirect the savings to the apprenticeship budget, doubling it to, say, £6 billion a year.