Somewhere along the line, as  the hon.
Member for East Wiltshire (Danny Kruger)  pointed out, there would either be a discount on the next generation of nuclear weapons, or free delivery of weapons at some point in the future.
A lot of this was shrouded  in mystery, in the private conversations between Wilson and Prime Minister Ramgoolam at the time, so there is a lot of confusion surrounding that.
Somewhere at that time the idea was to set up the British Indian Ocean Territory, and somewhere at that time the decision was made that the archipelago—including Peros Banhos, which is a considerable distance from Diego Garcia—would be separated from Mauritius as well and that it would have to be depopulated, hence the utter brutality of the removal of the entire population from the islands.
So the question that many Members have brought up is this: should the Chagos islands be separate from Mauritius or part of Mauritius?
Interestingly, during the 1965 discussions Mauritius never accepted the separation.
It never accepted that the Chagos islands should be separated either constitutionally or in any other way from Mauritius.
As we know, the decision was basically forced on the Mauritians in return for their independence.
We now have a situation in which we have finally got a treaty.
It has its imperfections—of that everyone is agreed.
Personally, I am less than happy about the idea of a massive military base on Diego Garcia, and even less happy that it might be there in 100 years’ time.
However, a treaty has been agreed that will ensure the right of Chagos islanders to return to the Chagos islands, but unfortunately only a limited right of return to Diego Garcia itself.
I am looking forward to the Minister’s speech, and I would be grateful if was able to say a bit more about the rights of access to Diego Garcia for Chagos islanders, their right to visit the church and the graves of their ancestors, and whether there is some possibility of a degree of residence on Diego Garcia.
There is no other place in the world where a military base is surrounded by an entirely depopulated area, in this case an island, and I would be grateful if the Minister was able to say something about that.
We have fought for the right of return.
I fully understand that Chagos islanders—some resident here, some in the Seychelles, many in Mauritius, and others in a diaspora all around the world, in France and many other places—probably all have different views and different memories, but in the surveys that were done when this issue was discussed at great length about 10 years ago, they were all in favour of the right of return.
The issue of sovereignty under Mauritius was not really a great feature of those discussions, although it appears to be now.
We should listen to the Chagos Refugees Group, based in Mauritius and led brilliantly by Olivier Bancoult, who has been through every court case.
Indeed, he started the whole process of demanding the right of return, which has eventually been successfully achieved.
The statement that the Chagos Refugees Group made last week said:
“The Agreement therefore meets the aim of our community to be reunited with our Islands.
It has been concluded after nearly 3 years of negotiation between Mauritius and the UK and extensive consultation.
Unless, therefore, the Agreement is approved and implemented, our exile will continue with no hope of restoring our fundamental human right to return.
It was the creation of BIOT on  8 June 1965 , 60 years ago, which led to our exile.”
We are seeing another page in the dramatic history of the Indian ocean.
Surely we should recognise the human rights of the people who were so disgracefully treated by Britain—and by the United States, but principally by Britain.
They, at last, will see some degree of justice and the ability to return to their islands.