I met the Minister’s predecessor to discuss introducing a similar programme for education professionals.
Would the Minister look again at how that programme could support teachers who are struggling in some of the most difficult educational circumstances?
The Government have invested an extra £1 billion into the high-needs block, and we have changed the teacher training package to ensure that it includes material on supporting children with special educational needs.
The PINS programme—partnerships for inclusion of neurodiversity in schools—is working across the NHS and education to provide more training  for teachers on neurodiversity.
We are absolutely aware that teacher training is a huge issue and will continue to listen to ideas from both sides of the House.
As I have made clear in this Chamber on numerous occasions, in my part of the world there are sadly far too few specialist school places for children with SEND.
Headteachers across Weymouth and Portland have made clear to me that only with a new special school will we be able to deal with this problem.
Given the urgent need, will the Minister work with me behind the scenes, by hook or by crook, to open a new SEND school at the Osprey Quay site in Portland in my constituency?
My hon.
Friend has already reached out to me several times to advocate for his constituents and the importance of specialist places.
I very much look forward to working with him to increase provision in his constituency.
On Friday, I met primary schools in my constituency that are accommodating in their classrooms children who they are not set up for.
One school had to convert its library for two children for whom the main classroom setting is overwhelming, and a second had to do the same for its IT department.
What reassurance can the Minister give those teachers and schools that they will get the funding and resources they need to accommodate children with additional needs?
I have visited bespoke resource centres.
I was recently in a resource centre in Southwark that provides that kind of brilliant provision.
The £740 million we have set out is exactly to provide more specialist places that allow children to get the right support they need, often within mainstream schools and within their local communities.
I call the shadow Minister.
I welcome the Minister once again to her place.
SEND is a huge issue for every parliamentarian in this House, but for months parents and children across the country have been left in the dark with no clarity as to how the Government will support children with special educational needs.
There has been much speculation that EHCPs might be scrapped—speculation caused by the Labour Government—and the Minister gave no answers in the packed Westminster Hall debate before the recess.
I wrote to her after that debate.
That was over a month ago, and I have yet to receive a letter providing any clarity.
Will she give clarity to the parents she speaks about, confirm when the White Paper might be published and tell us whether the Government will be amending the 2014 legislation and scrapping EHCPs?
The previous Government had 14 years to deliver this reform.
Where was any of this urgency when they were in power?
I ran a council in which I saw every day the broken system we were left to operate—the one that the last Conservative Secretary of State for Education called “lose, lose, lose”.
I can assure the hon.
Gentleman that this is urgent for me.
I have seen the problems and heard stories from across the House  about the challenges that we face.
We are determined to work with families, teachers and experts to get the reforms right and ensure that we do not make the mistakes that the previous Government made.
What steps her Department is taking to help improve the SEND system.
What steps she plans to take to reform SEND provision.