I am happy to correspond with the hon.
Member about the situation facing that school.
In relation to school buildings, a number of schemes are available to provide support.
In Blackpool, too many young people needing SEND placements have been sent outside the borough, often an hour away.
There is a proposal on the table for two new SEND schools in Blackpool with 120 places, but it seems to be in limbo.
Will the Minister agree to meet me to discuss this and how we can get adequate support for our great young people?
This Government want every child able to be educated in their community, not having to travel long distances.
That is why we have set out the £740 million investment in specialist places.
I am very happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss the circumstances.
The Equality and Human Rights Commission has said that the Secretary of State needs to speed up publication of the guidance on single-sex spaces used by trans people in schools, so can the Secretary of State confirm that the guidance will be published before the conclusion of Labour’s deputy leadership contest, or will she continue to forsake female-only spaces for her own political ambitions?
I will happily answer the hon.
Gentleman’s question directly, but he is a little confused about the question he is asking.
The code of practice from the EHRC is about adults; it is not about schools.
On the particular question of the code of practice from the EHRC, we received it at the start of September.
It is a 300-page-plus document.
We are considering it carefully.
I required further material from the EHRC, which was provided only last week.
It is utterly baseless to suggest that there is any going slow on what is a sensitive and  important area that we must get right.
As someone who used to run a women’s refuge, I know how important single-sex spaces are.
I also know it is important that trans people continue to receive protection under the Equality Act 2010, free from prejudice, harassment and discrimination.
Under the previous Government, British parents had the highest childcare costs in Europe.
Will the Minister please set out how the expansion of early years education is reducing the cost of living for hard-working British parents?
Happily.
The average family will save £7,500 per child per year under this Government’s record expansion of childcare.
A serious fire at St Martin’s school in my constituency has left most of its secondary children without face-to-face education for nearly four weeks now.
Will the Minister meet me to determine how we can ensure that the buildings are brought back into use as quickly as possible, and how the children can be brought back up to speed, so that they are not disadvantaged?
I would be very happy to have a discussion with the hon.
Lady about the arrangements, to ensure that we can get students back into proper classrooms as soon as possible.
A new school has been in the offing in Bidwell West for almost a decade now.
The independent council promised me that places would be available from September 2027, but now appears to be backtracking.
Is the Minister willing to meet me to discuss the obvious concerns of parents, many of whom moved into the new build estate because of the promise of a brand-new school?
I would be very happy to find out more about the situation my hon.
Friend describes, and to offer any help or support that we can.
Before we come on to the urgent question on the Chinese spy case, I would like to reiterate my remarks from last week.
I remain disappointed by what has happened in this case.
I am, alongside the Lord Speaker, continuing to seek advice from officials and specialist legal advice on what further steps might be taken to pursue this issue in other ways.