The Intelligence and Security Committee has also indicated that it will investigate.
We welcome the launch of the inquiry and the investigations, with which the Government will, of course, fully co-operate.
I have already set out the range of activity that this Government are taking to combat the Chinese espionage threat, and I hope that that is well understood.
Let me also provide the House with the reassurance that the Government will take all necessary action to keep the UK safe and secure.
I call the shadow Home Secretary.
Last Wednesday, the Prime Minister told this House that no Minister or special adviser was involved in the handling of the China spy case, yet The Sunday Times has since reported that the Home Secretary had
“heard that the case might collapse and had made representations to ensure the evidence put forward was as ‘strong as possible’.”
So I ask the Minister: when did the Home Secretary become aware that the case might collapse, and what representations did she or her proxies make about the evidence and to whom?
Why has the House been told—including just now—that Ministers and advisers were not involved in any way when The Sunday Times reports that they were?
The Sunday Times also reported on a key meeting that took place on  1 September —a meeting that the Government originally denied took place.
Is it true that Jonathan Powell chaired that meeting?
Did that meeting discuss the CPS view that the evidence provided to that point was inadequate, and the possibility of providing further evidence in the case?
Will the Minister agree to publish the minutes of all meetings in which this case was discussed and the correspondence relating to it?
The Sunday Times reported that following the meeting, the Attorney General’s Office was asked to speak to the CPS.
Did anyone from the AGO speak directly or indirectly to the CPS after that meeting?
Can the Minister confirm that Dan Chugg from the Foreign Office was at the  1 September  meeting, and that it was the same Dan Chugg who approached the Lord Speaker with a proposed deal in which the Chinese ambassador would be allowed back into Parliament?
The Sunday Times also reported that the DNSA is understood to have acknowledged privately that the decision not to say that China is an ongoing threat was political in nature.
Is that true?
Finally, the current Government’s position has been that all the evidence provided related to the previous Government’s policy, but we now know that that is categorically not true.
In paragraph 8 of Matt Collins’s third statement, from August this year, which he copied and pasted from the Labour manifesto, he stressed the importance the current Government attach to a “positive relationship” with China, weakening the evidence compared with 2023 and bringing in current Government policy, contrary to what we have been told in recent weeks.
Why have the Government been providing this House with inaccurate information, and why did Ministers know what the CPS wanted but refuse to give it to the CPS?
With great respect, a lot of what has just been said does not actually relate to the urgent question that was initially asked by the shadow Home Secretary.
I have to say, the Opposition’s position is confusing.
They initially criticised the Government for intervening.
Then—[Interruption.]
I will answer the question.
I am answering it.
I think it is important that on these matters of national security, we try to debate things in a reasonable and sensible way.
That is the approach that this Government will seek to take.
If Members opposite—[Interruption.]
Order.
I think we have had enough.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
The Opposition’s position is confusing.
They initially criticised the Government for intervening.
Then, when it became absolutely clear that we had not done that, they criticised us for not intervening.