Does it refer to the previous Government’s Whips Office, Government officials or somebody else?
Thirdly, given that the Prime Minister’s spokesperson still refuses today to say that China is a threat to Britain’s national security, would the Minister be comfortable with Labour MPs accepting meeting requests from representatives of the Chinese Communist party or any nations allied to China?
I am genuinely grateful to the hon.
Member for the points he has raised.
Let me take them in turn.
I lead on behalf of the Government on vetting, and a lot of work has taken place in government since we came into office to ensure that the systems and processes that underpin our vetting are fit for purpose.
The hon.
Gentleman is right to ask about it.
Although it might seem like a reasonably niche point, it is an important one because our national security is underpinned by our ability to vet those who have access to privileged information.
He, for reasons that I completely understand, made reference to a link between the work that we are doing in government and the importance of ensuring that the appropriate vetting procedures are in place for this House.
I know he will understand that, fundamentally, that will be a matter for the Speaker and for this House, but I can give him an absolute assurance that we will work closely with Mr Speaker, the Deputy Speakers and all those in this place to ensure that we look carefully at what happened and satisfy ourselves that the vetting arrangements are absolutely fit for purpose.
The hon.
Gentleman’s second point related specifically to two Members of this House.
I do not believe that either of those two Members are in their place today.
I am keen to meet them and work closely with them, and to ensure that the Government are providing the support that they may want or require.
I am happy to speak to the hon.
Gentleman and to those Members about the point that he has made.
With regard to the hon.
Gentleman’s final point, which was specifically about China, I hope he will acknowledge that the Government have been crystal clear about our position with regard to China—[Interruption.]
Right hon.
and hon.
Members may chuckle, but we have had this debate previously.
If there are Members who think that the nature of our relationship with China can be defined by a single word, then I do not believe that they are serious about the nature of the relationship.
All Members in this House have an absolute responsibility to decide for themselves what meetings they take.
With great respect to the hon.
Gentleman, I do not believe that it is for Ministers to opine from the Dispatch Box about whether individual Members should take meetings or not.
Personally, I am very clear that China remains an active, persistent and everyday threat to our country and has done so for many years.
In the light of this, what steps is the Minister taking on behalf of the Government to ensure that parliamentarians across this House are much better protected in the years to come from the kind of foreign interference that we saw—regularly, unfortunately—on the last Government’s watch?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend, not only for his question but for his previous service and for the work of his constituents with regard to underpinning our national security.
He makes an important point.
He will know—as will you, Madam Deputy Speaker—that the National Protective Security Authority recently published guidance designed specifically to provide hon.
Members with advice and guidance to ensure that they are best able to deal with the risks and threats that all of us in this House face.
On the second part of my hon.
Friend’s question, that is something that the Government take incredibly seriously.
We inherited the defending democracy taskforce  from the previous Government.