There was an important omission from the shadow Home Secretary’s remarks.
As hon.
Members will know, the first substantive witness statement was provided under the previous Government, when the right hon.
Member was a Home Office Minister, yet neither he nor the Leader of the Opposition have taken the opportunity to say what involvement Conservative Ministers and Conservative special advisers had in the main tranche of the evidence.
The Prime Minister has confirmed that no Labour Ministers or special advisers were involved with the provision of evidence for the case.
Last Wednesday during Prime Minister’s questions, the Prime Minister asked the Leader of the Opposition to confirm whether that was also the case under the previous Government.
I was in the House last Wednesday, and I think that I heard the Leader of the Opposition confirming from a sedentary position that she did know the answer to that question, but the Conservative party has refused to  confirm if any Conservative Ministers or special advisers were involved in the provision of evidence under the previous Government.
I wonder if any of the former Ministers in the Chamber can provide the answer.
As Ministers have repeatedly said from the Dispatch Box, the Government are extremely disappointed that the case did not proceed to trial.
I gently say to Opposition Front-Bench Members that they need to stop throwing mud and start coming to terms with what happened on their watch.
The Chair of the Home Affairs Committee,  the right hon.
Member for Staffordshire Moorlands (Dame Karen Bradley) , and other relevant Select Committee Chairs, including me, have met the Director of Public Prosecutions and sent him a detailed series of follow-up questions.
The Chair of the Joint Committee on the National Security Strategy, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Warwick and Leamington (Matt Western) , has convened an inquiry and is likely to call a number of relevant witnesses, including Government Ministers.
The Minister mentioned that the ISC will be looking at this matter.
Can he assure the House that the Government will co-operate fully with those inquiries and responses, and that that is the best way to take these matters forward in a thorough and timely fashion?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his question and for the role he has played in these proceedings.
Yes, I give him the absolute assurance he seeks.
There is an important role for the House to play in looking carefully at precisely what has gone on.
That is why, on behalf of the Government, I very much welcome the work that will now be done by the JCNSS and the ISC.
Both those important Committees have an important role, and I am sure that hon.
Members across the House will want to make other contributions as part of that process.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
What a mess.
We have three questions for the Minister.
First, what conversations has he had with all relevant parliamentary authorities—that might include the Speaker’s Office—about plans to tighten vetting or ongoing monitoring of researchers and staff to ensure this does not happen again?
Secondly, in the witness statements released by this Government, there is a reference to the use by the previous Government of “back channels” to attempt to dissuade  the right hon.
Member for Tonbridge (Tom Tugendhat)  and  the hon.
Member for Rutland and Stamford (Alicia Kearns)  from raising concerns about Confucius institutes.
What is the Minister’s understanding, based on the evidence, statements and any other information available, of the meaning of “back channels” in that context?
Does it refer to the previous Government’s Whips Office, Government officials or somebody else?
Thirdly, given that the Prime Minister’s spokesperson still refuses today to say that China is a threat to Britain’s national security, would the Minister be comfortable with Labour MPs accepting meeting requests from representatives of the Chinese Communist party or any nations allied to China?
I am genuinely grateful to the hon.