St Anthony’s is one of two schools in my constituency of Beckenham and Penge to be awarded money for school-based nurseries in the first round of funding, the other being Oak Lodge Primary in West Wickham.
Does the Minister agree that school-based nurseries such as these are essential for providing the high-quality places we need and, crucially, for tackling early childhood inequalities and closing the attainment gap before children start school?
I do agree with my hon.
Friend, and I congratulate St Anthony’s and Oak Lodge, as well as my hon.
Friend for being a tireless champion for his constituents.
This Government have delivered 5,000 places at new school-based nurseries this year alone, with 7,000 more to come next September.
I encourage Members across the House to get their local schools to apply for a phase 2 grant.
As the Minister has said, nurseries are an important part of the childcare picture.
Last month, I visited Mousehold infant and nursery school, which—thanks to the funding it has received from this Government—has been able to double the number of places it offers to families in Norwich North.
The team there told me how this will make a real difference, as did families.
Will the Minister join me in thanking the fantastic team at Mousehold, and expand a bit further on the steps being taken to ensure that more provision like this is accessible to families in my constituency and beyond?
Absolutely—I thank the brilliant team at Mousehold, who are so dedicated to giving every child the help and support they need.
This Government want every child to have the best start in life, which is  why we have expanded childcare entitlements, are supporting schools to open new nurseries, and—after the Conservative party dismantled them—are bringing back family hubs in every community in our country.
My constituent Seb told me how pleased he was when the Government extended the role of free childcare, but his nursery changed the rules so that the free hours can be taken only after 1 o’clock and have to be spread over four days a week.
That means that the previously paid-for care is not now free, but costing £500 more than before.
We know that this is happening across the country as nurseries struggle with the jobs tax and other excessive costs, so what are the Government going to do to help those families get what they are entitled to?
I encourage the hon.
Lady to write to me with the details of that case, because we are absolutely clear that in this rapid expansion of childcare—which half a million children have been able to access this September—those 30 hours should be available, and it should not be the case that extras are charged or anything else.
I am happy to look at the specifics of the case.
The Minister is new to the Dispatch Box, so perhaps we can forgive her for suggesting that the Conservatives cut the number of family hubs, since we invented them.
Focusing on the issue of cost and moving away from primary schools, private providers are finding that the jobs tax and other hits are making it more and more difficult to pay the bills and ensure that that entitlement—which we all want to see given to parents—is delivered.
Can I invite the hon.
Lady to give any reflections from her early days as a Minister on how we can deliver that?
Can she reach out to those in the Treasury and elsewhere to make them understand the ecosystem in which those providers sit?
Sure Start was one of the greatest successes of the last Labour Government, and it drove significant improvements for our children.
The Conservative party systematically dismantled that across our country, with significant negative consequences for our children and young people.