I am delighted that we now have 750 new free breakfast clubs, and that from April next year another 2,000 will open, reaching half a million more children, lifting children out of poverty and backing families.
That is the difference a Labour Government make.
What steps her Department is taking to help improve the special educational needs and disabilities system in Cheadle.
As part of our plan for change, we are determined to improve the SEND system across the country so that every child has access to the best opportunities.
We are committed to improving inclusivity and expertise in mainstream schools through the earlier identification of needs, as well as to ensuring that special schools cater to those with the most complex needs.
Paul and Ellie are children with special educational needs in a primary school in Bramhall.
Their parents, like many across Cheadle, have reached out to me for help.
Their SEND provision has been suddenly taken away.
Paul and Ellie’s parents are now considering withdrawing them from mainstream schooling.
Parentkind research shows that more than one in three parents of children with special educational needs say that their needs are not being sufficiently met.
Paul and Ellie’s parents deserve much more certainty and clarity, so can the Minister confirm when they will bring forward the schools White Paper and, with it, the crucial information on the SEND reforms for anxious parents?
I have heard so many stories like Paul and Ellie’s, and I am so sorry about the experiences they have had.
That is why it is so important that we are already taking action to invest in mainstream inclusion, to improve teacher training and to support early identification, and it is why we are investing £740 million to support schools to provide more specialist places.
We are already taking that action, and we are working very closely with parents around the country, like Paul and Ellie’s, to bring forward a wider set of reforms.
What steps her Department is taking to improve support for children with special educational needs and disabilities in mainstream schools.
By prioritising early intervention, training and inclusive support in mainstream schools, we are expanding the capacity to deliver timely, consistent and high-quality SEND provision.
This will improve support for children and families.
We are engaging with children, parents and experts about the challenges in the system and how we can work together to make sure that every child has the right support when they need it.
I thank the Secretary of State for visiting Golborne All Saints during the summer.
As she saw, it is a shining example of inclusive education in action.
As we mark ADHD Awareness Month, will the Minister outline the potential impact of the curriculum review on children with ADHD, and how that can become standard for all children with SEND, so that every child can thrive in a nurturing environment?
The Secretary of State was telling me just this morning what a wonderful visit she had to Golborne All Saints Catholic primary and pre-school, and about the amazing practice there.
I read with interest the report from my hon.
Friend’s constituents at her recent SEND roundtable.
The review is looking closely at what affects children’s learning in mainstream schools, including those with SEND, ADHD and those without a formal diagnosis, making sure that every pupil can access a broad and balanced curriculum.
Elstree village school in my constituency is an excellent example of a small and nurturing school that specialises in supporting children with special educational needs.
Sadly, we have recently been informed that Hertfordshire county council is considering closing the school.
Will the Minister join me in sending a clear message to Herts county council that they should reconsider that decision and prioritise the needs of children with special educational needs in mainstream schools?
I have been very clear that we want to invest in early intervention and nurturing provision for children with special educational needs.