Breakfast clubs give children a great start to the day.
They drive improvements in behaviour, attendance and attainment, and they can save families up to £450 a year.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend and the schools in her constituency on their efforts, and I look forward to more and more children benefiting as we continue our roll-out.
I  acknowledge that the Government have inherited local government finance and SEND requirements in what is probably their worst crisis in history.
However, Cornwall has faced one of the steepest—indeed, the steepest—demands for education, health and care plans in recent years, and one of the greatest SEND needs, as well as one of the lowest levels of high-needs funding.
Would the Schools Minister be prepared to meet me, along with fellow MPs from Cornwall and representatives of the local education department, in order to avoid further crises?
The Government have put £1 billion into the high-needs block to support children with special educational needs, but I want to hear from Members from around the country about their ideas for reforms, and I am happy to meet the hon.
Member and colleagues.
Let me first declare that I chair the all-party parliamentary group for schools, learning and assessment and the APPG on social mobility.
Businesses, schools and young people in Bracknell Forest all tell me that essential skills such as financial, digital and media literacy, creative problem-solving, communication and collaboration are more important than ever, but are not formally recognised or measured.
How can we help young people to succeed by developing and recognising those essential skills?
I look forward to working with the APPG.
We agree that we need to equip young people with key knowledge and skills to adapt to a rapidly changing world, and the curriculum and assessment review will say more about the wider curriculum.
According to a survey carried out by campaigners from the adoption and special guardianship support fund, just 40% of respondents believed that the previous £5,000 fair access limit was sufficient to meet their children’s needs.
Following its reduction to £3,000, 71% reported a reduction in the number of therapy sessions.
What will the Minister do, as a matter of urgency, to address the detrimental impacts of the changes to the ASGSF?
I thank the hon.
Member for that important question.
This is National Adoption Week, which I am sure Members across the House will want to celebrate, recognising the importance of adoption and the need to fill the adoption gap—about 1,500 adoptive parents for children are being waited for at the moment.
We are looking at the future of the adoption and special guardianship support fund, which provides essential support, and we have tried to ensure that the scheme is accessible to as many families as possible.
rose—
Order.
Can I say to those on the Front Bench that when I start coughing and shaking my head, I am trying to move you along, not indicating that you should carry on?
I think I am getting my signals wrong.
I recently met dedicated parents from my constituency who choose to home-educate their children.
They raised questions about duties on parents and providers to report details of their children’s education and recreational activities included in the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill.
Could the Minister reaffirm his support for home-education families and meet me, so that we can provide clarity for these parents?
England is an international outlier by not requiring the registration of electively home-educated children, and we are remedying that with the Bill’s measures.
Information on non-educational activities will not be required for inclusion in the registers.
I will happily meet my hon.
Friend to discuss this further.
Time and again in my constituency surgeries, I hear stories of children’s needs going unrecognised and unsupported for years.
Given the aim of increasing mainstream inclusion, what are the Government doing to ensure that all teachers receive comprehensive SEND training?