Friend is a champion for Ashcroft academy and has visited it many times.
I can confirm that the changes that the Government are making will mean that the international baccalaureate can still be studied.
We are providing funding for 16-to-19 provision so that sixth-form colleges can make those decisions.
This week I have been inundated by families who send their children to Europa school just outside my constituency; they are so concerned by these changes.
I taught the IB for 11 years, and I know full well the difference that its incredible curriculum can make to children’s lives.
Does this policy direction not send a negative signal from the Government?
I remind the Minister that it was a Labour Government who introduced the funding in the first place.
Surely this is the wrong direction.
The decision is essentially about where in the system resources go.
Over 75% of students in receipt of extra support from the large programme uplift are studying A-levels, and we want to prioritise support for the vast majority of students who are studying A-levels and taking extra A-levels, including further maths.
That is right for our economy, and it is also right for the vast majority of students.
We still recognise the international baccalaureate as an important course and we want to support it.
I, too, have a school in my constituency that offers the international baccalaureate.
Dane Court school in Broadstairs has an extremely successful programme in breaking down barriers to opportunity for a large number of pupils in an area of significant deprivation.
Only 10% of the children in East Thanet succeed in passing the Kent test; we need to be able to ensure that those children and others get the maximum opportunities available.
Will the Minister reassure me, the senior leadership team, and parents and children at Dane Court that the international baccalaureate will still be possible for those children and for future generations?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her advocacy for her constituents.
This year, per-student funding is rising to £5,105—up from £4,843 last year.
These decisions made across the further education system and for sixth-form colleges mean that institutions can make the best choices for their students, including, where appropriate, backing students to study the international baccalaureate.
I call the shadow Minister.
I welcome the Minister to his new role.
I have been listening to him closely, but I have to say that the rhetoric does not match the actions.
In fact, the headteacher of Ashcroft academy wrote to the Secretary of State saying exactly that the IB cannot be delivered because the additional funding has been cut.
The international baccalaureate is recognised globally and allows British students to compete internationally.
Cutting funding will mean that those who can afford it will have access to it, but those who cannot—namely in our state sector—will not.
Why is the Minister scrapping funding for the IB and undermining standards in our state schools?
The system provides the level of funding necessary to 16-to-19 providers.
The Government have made big decisions, which have not been backed by the Conservatives in spending reviews or Budgets, to ensure that the funding is there for colleges to make those choices.
On top of that, there is the large programme uplift.
In that respect, we are rightly making the decision to prioritise the vast majority of students who are taking more than three A-levels, especially in STEM subjects.
We are prioritising those subjects, and we are being frank and honest about that choice.
The international baccalaureate can be chosen by colleges where that is right for students.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of changes to eligibility criteria for free school meals on levels of children in poverty.
As Secretary of State, I have secured free school meals for half a million more children and we are set to lift 100,000 children out of poverty and put £500 back into families’ pockets.