Residents in Wynyard, in my Hartlepool constituency, have waited for far too long, thanks primarily to the mess left by the Conservative party, for their new primary school, St Joseph’s, which has been caught up in this review.
Understandably, parents are frustrated by the continued delays, so will the Minister commit to using every possible lever at his disposal to expedite the decision, so that Wynyard families can finally have access to the high-quality school provision that they have been promised for so long?
My hon.
Friend has been a vocal champion for St Joseph’s Catholic primary school since he entered this place last year.
I want every child in the country to go to school in an appropriate building.
His community wants certainty, and that is what we want too.
An update will be provided later this year, and I would be happy to speak to him before that time.
I thank the Minister very much for his answers, and I thank  the hon.
Member for Hartlepool (Mr Brash)  for setting the scene so very well.
We in Northern Ireland are very keen to learn from the education system here.
I believe that the Education Minister from the Northern Ireland Assembly—he is a colleague in my party, by the way, so I understand his interests in these matters—will be keen to listen to and hear the suggestion put forward by the Minister.
Will the Minister share his ideas for Hartlepool with us in Northern Ireland to ensure that we can all benefit in this great United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland?
In another part of my brief, I am already in touch with Ministers in devolved nations regarding children’s social care, and I would be very happy also to share wider learning from the school rebuilding programme.
I call the shadow Minister.
One year ago, the Education Secretary paused plans to open 44 approved free schools.
In January, she said that she was “working rapidly” to make a decision.
That was nine months ago—enough time to make a baby, but not enough time for her to make up her mind.
When will our Ministers tell those free school founders—among whom are some of the best education leaders in the country—if they can open great new schools?
There is a choice here.
We are debating how the Government, within only a few months of being elected, are making big progress across the education system.
That includes big decisions made at fiscal events to invest capital into programmes such as this one, which at every opportunity the Conservatives have failed to support.
We are able to make these decisions to improve our school estate only because of the decisions made at fiscal events.
When the British Sign Language GCSE will be available in schools.
This is a really important qualification that is a step forward in opening up British Sign Language.
However, the GCSE is a new qualification, and a lot of work is going into ensuring that the new assessment works for a wide range of students.
Ofqual has consulted on its proposed assessment arrangements and expects to publish its final qualification rules this autumn.
[In British Sign Language: I thank the Secretary of State for her commitment to introducing a GCSE in BSL.]
Beyond qualifications, what work is being done to ensure that deaf children and their whole families can access BSL teaching without cost, especially in the early years, when their deaf babies’ brains are developing language skills?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question and her passion for opening opportunities for deaf children.
I hope she can support me to be able to answer  questions in kind at future oral parliamentary questions.
Funding is available through the adult skills fund for qualifications focusing on British Sign Language up to and including level 2.
I welcome the opportunity to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss this issue further.