We want children to be able to go to their local schools, but we will support them with their needs.
I call the Chair of the Education Committee.
My Committee’s recent inquiry on SEND found that, although support from health services is critical in enabling many children with special educational needs and disabilities to access education, health is often not represented at the table and there are no effective mechanisms to hold health services to account for the vital role that they play.
What engagement does my hon.
Friend the Minister have with her Department for Health and Social Care counterparts to ensure that health services play their full part in supporting and enabling children’s education?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for her leadership of the incredibly detailed Education Committee report, which I read with interest.
I know how much expertise went into that, and how many conversations there were with parents; there is so much rich information in it.
I agree that the partnership with health is essential, and that is something I am focused on.
To give children and young people the best opportunities, we must work across Government to support young people with special educational needs.
What steps her Department is taking to ensure that it meets its target of two thirds of young people participating in higher-level learning.
What steps her Department is taking to ensure that it meets its target of two thirds of young people participating in higher-level learning.
What steps her Department is taking to ensure that it meets its target of two thirds of young people participating in higher-level learning.
Later today I will make a statement on our post-16 education and skills White Paper, which sets out measures  to support this learning ambition.
For too long, skills have not been taken seriously, and that stops with Labour.
Our long-term plan for national renewal will unlock opportunity for our young people, and drive growth for our country with clearer pathways, stronger alignment, and a renewed partnership between Government and business.
I thank the Secretary of State for her response.
In Knowsley, while we are making progress with work from the council and organisations such as the Brilliant Club, we still fall below average for young people going into higher learning.
Barriers remain to continuing education, and to developing skills for good jobs and good lives.
Will she meet me to discuss how we can improve that?
I know how passionate my hon.
Friend is about securing better life chances and more opportunities for children across her constituency, and I would be more than happy to meet her to discuss that, whether it is through the expanded work that we are delivering in our schools to raise standards, opportunities for young people to get into vocational or technical education, or further measures in the White Paper that I will be setting out later this afternoon.
The construction skills hub in Staveley in my constituency is a great example of the value of apprenticeships, and this year 68 young people came straight out of school and started a new construction apprenticeship.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that the only way we will be able to achieve the Government’s ambitious construction plans is by getting more people to take on a construction career?
In welcoming the announcements that she is making, can she say what more she will do to ensure we get more young people into our construction industry?
My hon.
Friend is right, and I know he has championed this cause for many years to ensure there are strong vocational and technical routes, including into areas such as construction.