We are seeing another page in the dramatic history of the Indian ocean.
Surely we should recognise the human rights of the people who were so disgracefully treated by Britain—and by the United States, but principally by Britain.
They, at last, will see some degree of justice and the ability to return to their islands.
I hope, when the Minister replies, that he will be able to give me some hope and comfort on the question of access to Diego Garcia, and also explain why it is necessary to have these incredibly long leases for the US to continue its operations on Diego Garcia.
It seems to me that we should be working towards the Indian ocean being an ocean of peace, not an ocean of conflict between rival powers.
I recognise the challenge that we have seen, in part because of the big numbers of 16 to 19-year-olds we have coming through the system.
That is why we are prioritising investing in 16-to-19 funding for our colleges and ensuring we have more capital available to create the places that are necessary, working with local areas.
Running alongside that are our technical colleges, which will drive up standards, spread best practice and be hubs of excellence in their regions working with other colleges.
The Government made big decisions at the spending review to increase the overall funding available to 16-to-19 courses.
Next financial year, there will be an increase of over £800 million.
That means that per-pupil funding is going up substantially.
The large programme uplift sits on top of that, and the Government have made the decision to prioritise the large programme uplift for students doing multiple A-levels in science, technology, engineering and maths subjects.
We still support the international baccalaureate and recognise it as a programme that can work for many students.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps she is taking to ensure the provision of adequate funding for pupils to study the International Baccalaureate.
Funded institutions for those aged 16 to 19 have the freedom to decide how to use their funding for the provision they offer, including whether they offer the international baccalaureate.
Varndean sixth-form college in Brighton is the only state-funded IB provider in Sussex.
It has warned that, without the large programme uplift, the IB will become financially unviable.
Many Mid Sussex students have gone on from Varndean to study engineering, medicine and maths at leading universities.
Does the Minister think it right that this world-class qualification becomes available only in the private sector, entrenching a two-tier education system?
Will he meet me and Varndean students to discuss the benefits of the IB for state-educated pupils and why this decision must be reversed?
The Government made big decisions at the spending review to increase the overall funding available to 16-to-19 courses.
Next financial year, there will be an increase of over £800 million.[Official Report,  30 October 2025 ; Vol.
774, c. 4WC.] (
Correction) That means that per-pupil funding is going up substantially.
The large programme uplift sits on top of that, and the Government have made the decision to prioritise the large programme uplift for students doing multiple A-levels in science, technology, engineering and maths subjects.
We still support the international baccalaureate and recognise it as a programme that can work for many students.
I welcome the Minister’s support for the international baccalaureate.
Ashcroft technology academy in my constituency runs a successful IB programme.
Will he confirm that the programme will still be funded and that pupils can still choose to study the international baccalaureate at Ashcroft academy?
I know that my hon.
Friend is a champion for Ashcroft academy and has visited it many times.
I can confirm that the changes that the Government are making will mean that the international baccalaureate can still be studied.
We are providing funding for 16-to-19 provision so that sixth-form colleges can make those decisions.