We all agreed that the current system is broken, and one of the young people, Megan, spoke about the feeling of being let down by the system and constantly fighting a never-ending battle.
Does the Minister agree that too many children are in Megan’s position, and will she set out how the upcoming SEND White Paper will improve the lives of those children?
I read with interest my hon.
Friend’s report of that constituency conversation, which contained many creative ideas, and we are determined to work with young people and parents to get these reforms right.
Following the tragic murder of her daughter Brianna, Esther Ghey has dedicated herself to making our schools safer.
I have just come from an event that she is hosting  in Parliament, at which she is calling for a statutory ban on smartphones in classrooms.
Will the Minister for Children and Families,  the hon.
Member for Whitehaven and Workington (Josh MacAlister) , make time to attend today’s event and make it clear whether he supports a statutory phone-free education for all children?
I am absolutely happy to pop into the event this afternoon, and I applaud Esther Ghey for her fantastic campaigning work.
The Government are completely clear that mobile phones should not be used in school, and the Government guidance says as much.
Colleges are the backbone of working-class communities such as mine in Clackmannanshire, but the funding model for colleges in Scotland is fundamentally broken because of SNP cuts.
Will the Secretary of State write to her counterpart in the Scottish Government and highlight the importance of Alloa campus to the people of Clackmannanshire and the wider Forth valley, and stress that all Scottish colleges need to receive proper funding?
I am very grateful for that question.
Here in England, we are investing more in brilliant further education colleges.
It is such a shame that in Scotland the SNP Government are cutting that support.
I have heard directly from my Scottish Labour counterpart, Pam Duncan-Glancy, about the devastating impact that is having on young people across Scotland.
Schools on the Isle of Wight have some of the most serious challenges to levels of attainment.
The Isle of Wight council is a small unitary authority with unique challenges in an area disconnected from the UK mainland.
What will the Government do to better support education on the Isle of Wight, rather than resort to top-down education views that do not cater for the unique pressures faced by my constituents and our children?
We are determined to have high standards for children in every part of the country.
I am very happy to talk to the hon.
Member about his specific concerns for that community.
Mainstream schools in my constituency are taking steps to provide their own inclusive, in-house SEND provision.
Penair secondary school has been creating a forest school on its land, and some of my heads have expressed their desire to create area resource base units in their schools.
Does the Minister agree that such types of mainstream, inclusive provision could provide a way forward, and will she come down to Cornwall, maybe when she meets us, to see it?
I have seen amazing examples of how this kind of provision can bring children back into mainstream classrooms and cause them to start to enjoy school and achieve again.
I would be very happy to meet my hon.
Friend and visit the school that has been set up.
I have visited many schools in North Devon, and many are facing the dilemma of whether to fund essential maintenance or  to lay off teaching assistants.
What is the Minister doing to ensure that adequate funding reaches rural schools so that they do not have to cut teaching staff in order to balance the books?
I am happy to correspond with the hon.
Member about the situation facing that school.
In relation to school buildings, a number of schemes are available to provide support.