I have got to get all these people in during topicals.
Having a private conversation as the Secretary of State tries to answer the question does not help.
The Conservatives had 14 years.
We take this issue seriously, because we know that far too many children in our country from white working-class  communities do not get the outcomes they deserve.
A little humility on the Conservatives’ part would go a long way.
What we did for 14 years was improve school standards.
Not content with destroying standards, this afternoon the Secretary of State will, according to media reports, introduce a new lower-level qualification targeted at white working-class pupils.
That is simply watering down standards for some of our most deprived children.
Will the Secretary of State confirm that under this Government, the soft bigotry of low expectations is back?
It is absolutely nothing of the sort.
What we inherited was a systematic failure of white working-class kids and children with special educational needs and disabilities in our country.
I read the right hon.
Lady’s conference speech with great care, and I looked out in that speech for any mention of children with SEND, of children with additional needs or, indeed, of some of the groups she has been talking about this afternoon.
She had nothing to say on the topic.
It is the usual confected outrage that has become the right hon.
Lady’s hallmark.
I was delighted to welcome the Education Secretary to St Mary’s Catholic primary school in Derby, the greenest school in the country, where every classroom looks out on to green spaces.
We are also lucky to have the stunning River Derwent flowing through our city, which children can paddle, walk and row along.
What assessments have been made of the benefits to children of having access to nature as part of their education?
That sounds idyllic, and I hope I can follow the Secretary of State on a visit to that beautiful school.
Improving connection to nature helps to address key priorities in the opportunity mission, and we are supporting the University of Oxford’s assessment of the impact of nature-based programmes in secondary schools.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Esther Ghey, the mother of Brianna Ghey, is in Parliament today, campaigning to keep phones out of the classroom.
Given that young people themselves are saying that they want a “break from the stress” of social media at school, and given the impact of phones on children’s concentration and focus, will the Secretary of State finally listen to her own Children’s Minister and put the Government’s guidance on mobile phones in schools into law, to give teachers and headteachers the back-up and, crucially, the resources that they need in order to restrict their use?
I too have met Esther Ghey, and heard from her about the incredible work that she has been leading in the face of profound personal tragedy following the loss of her daughter.
I pay tribute to her for her campaigning efforts.
Phones should not be out in schools—it is as simple as that.
Schools have the powers, and headteachers have the powers, to enforce restrictions on their use, and in doing so they have my full backing.
We can have no distractions when it comes to mobile phone use in our schools.
Five primary schools in Sandwell now have free breakfast clubs, including St Mary Magdalene, which I visited earlier this year, and I was delighted to hear the Secretary of State announce that 2,000 more primary schools would benefit next year.
Can the Minister say more about how the free breakfast clubs in primary schools that Labour has introduced are helping children and families across our country?
Breakfast clubs give children a great start to the day.
They drive improvements in behaviour, attendance and attainment, and they can save families up to £450 a year.
I congratulate my hon.