On the second part of my hon.
Friend’s question, that is something that the Government take incredibly seriously.
We inherited the defending democracy taskforce  from the previous Government.
That was a good institution, and I have on many occasions paid tribute to all those Conservatives Members who were involved in setting it up.
The Prime Minister has renewed the mandate of the defending democracy taskforce.
It is the fulcrum point across Government that brings the different Departments and law enforcement together, alongside Members of this House, to ensure that we are doing everything that we can to address and tackle the threats that we face.
I have always believed and maintained that that should be a shared endeavour right across this House, and my door will always be open to Members of the House who would like to discuss it.
I rather thought that, in a civilised country, whether or not someone was prosecuted depended on the evidence.
Was it therefore wise for the witness statement to replicate—word for word—the words of the Labour party manifesto, and has it ever happened before?
I always appreciate the Leader of the House’s questions—[Hon.
Members: “Father of the House!”]
Forgive me.
I always appreciate the Father of the House’s questions because he brings a long-standing wisdom and perspective to these matters.
I hope he will understand that, in line with the point that he made about civility, it is not for Ministers to critique the decision that was made by the CPS.
The Government have made it clear to the House on many occasions that this was an independent decision that was taken by the CPS, and the DPP has been clear about the fact that no special adviser and no Minister interfered in that process.
Mr Speaker, I share your frustration at the collapse of the case.
Two questions remain top of mind for Members of the House and for people in my constituency.
First, what is the Minister’s assessment of the risk of spying on MPs in this House?
Secondly, what is his assessment of the ongoing transnational repression of British national overseas passport holders in Milton Keynes and elsewhere across the country?
Does it not show a pattern of Chinese Government activity right across the UK, which is a risk to us?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise her concerns in the way that she does.
I hope that she understands, as the House does, that this Government have been absolutely clear that no interference in our democratic process is remotely acceptable and that there are no circumstances under which we will tolerate countries, wherever they may be, seeking to cause harm to anybody who is resident in the United Kingdom.
She specifically mentioned transnational repression.
That is something that the Government take incredibly seriously, and we have done a lot of work on it through the defending democracy taskforce.
Let me say again to her and to the House that it is completely unacceptable that China or any other country should seek to harm anybody who lives here in the United Kingdom.