Friend to discuss this further.
Time and again in my constituency surgeries, I hear stories of children’s needs going unrecognised and unsupported for years.
Given the aim of increasing mainstream inclusion, what are the Government doing to ensure that all teachers receive comprehensive SEND training?
Teacher training is an incredibly important part of mainstream inclusion and, from this September, we have changed the core teacher training to ensure that it includes SEND content.
We are also supporting early years provision to have specialist SEND support, alongside the wider work to support mainstream inclusion.
Sacriston academy, a primary school in my constituency, has ceilings held up by scaffolding joists.
The classrooms, built in 1910, are unusable due to water penetration through the ceilings and walls.
Can the Minister say when the funding might be available to repair the school, after 14 years of Tory neglect?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his advocacy for his constituents and for the school concerned.
A number of schemes are available that may be able to support the school with the situation it faces, and I would be happy to speak to him further about that.
The Arts and Humanities Research Council receives £70 million in public money to fund postgraduate research.
What mechanism and powers does the Secretary of State have  to check that such substantial funds are not squandered on politically tendentious projects, such as those exposed by Laurence Sleator on page 27 of The Times on Saturday?
Will she perhaps take a look at the article and write to me?
I am sure that we would be happy to look at the article, but the last thing that people outside this building want is politicians deciding what research should be done, in the same way as we do not want judges being appointed by politicians in this House either.
Last week I visited Oak academy’s new building—a net zero, solar-powered, inspiring environment for young people.
I would love young people across my constituency, and across the rest of the country, to have the opportunity to learn in such environments, so can the Secretary of State tell me what her Department is doing to improve the environmental performance of our schools?
My hon.
Friend has been a very effective champion for Bournemouth on these matters.
St Joseph’s school in her constituency is benefiting already from solar and other measures, thanks to the partnership with Great British Energy.
It is projected to save the school £8,000 a year, which could be spent on extra support for pupils and teachers.
Over 50% of parents of children who have special educational needs have admitted to neglecting their own health because they are too busy prioritising the health of their children.
What is the Minister doing to ensure that parents’ health and mental wellbeing are being prioritised in this very adversarial process?
I, too, have heard from too many parents who have had to give up their jobs or fall behind on their health, as the hon.
Member has set out, because they are having to fight in a very adversarial system.
We are determined to reform the system so that support is available at the earliest opportunity for young people, so that parents can collaborate with schools and are supported, and we are rebuilding the support around families.
Last month, I held a SEND community consultation in south-east Reading in my constituency, attended by over 60 parents, children and local experts.
We all agreed that the current system is broken, and one of the young people, Megan, spoke about the feeling of being let down by the system and constantly fighting a never-ending battle.
Does the Minister agree that too many children are in Megan’s position, and will she set out how the upcoming SEND White Paper will improve the lives of those children?
I read with interest my hon.