I rise to raise another case of foreign interference in our politics.
Nathan Gill, the former leader of Reform UK in Wales and a constituent of mine, pleaded guilty to accepting bribes from Russia.
He was stopped by the police in September 2021, but only charged in February this year.
Reports now suggest that the Kremlin operation targeted not only him but at least two other Members of the European Parliament and a Member of the House of Lords.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure that Russian networks cannot continue to influence UK politics?
I will be brief, but I am very pleased to be able to speak in this debate as chair of the all-party parliamentary group on the Chagos islands, which last week had its 103rd meeting.
It has been ably supported by David Snoxell, the former British high commissioner to Mauritius, who has done incredible work with his knowledge of and empathy for the Chagossian people.
There are two former chairs of the group in the Committee at the moment—the hon.
Members for Romford (Andrew Rosindell) and for Wythenshawe and Sale East (Mike Kane)—and the former Member for Crawley was also chair of the group at one time.
We founded that group a long time ago to listen to, and take action in support of, the Chagos islanders, who were angry that they had been forcibly removed from their homes, angry at the way they had been treated by successive British Governments, and very angry at the initial decision that was taken and the sheer brutality that went with it.
To give Members a brief example, in 1973 a 20-year-old Chagossian woman, Liseby Elysé, while carrying her unborn child, was forcibly removed from the Chagos island of Peros Banhos.
She lost her unborn child soon after her traumatic upheaval and the journey, and she and her husband survived with considerable uncertainty and in very precarious living conditions, like all other Chagossians.
However, 45 years later, in 2018, she represented her community at The Hague when she spoke about her life and her losses.
Her story was compelling and memorable, like those of so many other Chagos islanders, because of the personal horror, trauma and abuse that they suffered.
They have always demanded and fought for their right of return, and that is the central core of what the all-party parliamentary group on the Chagos islands has done.
I realise there are now different opinions in the group about the sovereignty or otherwise of the islands, but there has always been a fundamental agreement on the right of return.
That led to massive legal actions, which were bravely fought by the Chagos islanders with very little support.
There were a few people such as Richard Gifford, their solicitor, who were fantastic in their support.
Eventually, we gathered wider support, and we got favourable decisions at all levels of justice around the world, including at the United Nations General Assembly.
It is worth recalling, as many Members have done, the 1965 decision made by Harold Wilson, then Prime Minister.
In offering Mauritius its independence, he came to this extraordinarily complicated deal, which essentially involved the United States getting a base on Diego Garcia and, in return, Mauritius getting its independence.
Somewhere along the line, as  the hon.
Member for East Wiltshire (Danny Kruger)  pointed out, there would either be a discount on the next generation of nuclear weapons, or free delivery of weapons at some point in the future.
A lot of this was shrouded  in mystery, in the private conversations between Wilson and Prime Minister Ramgoolam at the time, so there is a lot of confusion surrounding that.