We are determined to work with families, teachers and experts to get the reforms right and ensure that we do not make the mistakes that the previous Government made.
What steps her Department is taking to help improve the SEND system.
What steps she plans to take to reform SEND provision.
As we have already heard today and in a packed Westminster Hall debate last month, too many children and families are being let down by the current SEND system.
We want children to have support when they need it, without a battle.
We are already investing in early intervention and early inclusion; there is new support for SEND in the early years and £740 million available for specialist places.
In 2024, fewer than half of education, health and care plans were issued within the 20-week limit.
Five months is a huge chunk of a child’s life, and parents of Winchester tell me every single week about how hard they have to fight to get the support that their child needs and is entitled to.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure that EHCPs are issued in a timely manner?
Parents and children should not have to wait for support; they should have it when they need it.
We are working closely with councils with waiting lists to improve provision and, if necessary, to bring in specialist SEND advice.
We will continue to push on that.
I welcome the Minister’s response and the £740 million investment into the sector.
However, although Liverpool has improved waiting times for EHCPs, there remains a shortage of specialist school places and necessary support.
Some 8,000 children in Liverpool now require an EHCP—that figure has doubled over the past three years—but almost half of them are educated in mainstream schools that do not meet their needs.
More children with SEND are excluded from school and sent into inadequate pupil referral units and alternative provision.
What steps will the Government take to ensure that SEND reforms deliver real improvements for families in Liverpool Riverside, and that no child is excluded from education because of a lack of services?
I recently saw some brilliant specialist provision in a neighbouring Liverpool constituency, but I know that, for too many children in Liverpool and across the country, waiting lists are too long for them to get the support they need.
That is why we have already started investing in early intervention.
Where there are concerns about a local authority’s capacity to make improvements, we will help them to identify barriers and put in place an effective recovery plan.
This year’s high needs funding increase will help mainstream and special schools with the cost of supporting pupils.
I have spoken to many anxious parents whose children have not been in receipt of an EHCP or local authority funding but would historically have benefited from independent education provision because of their SEND needs.
One of their concerns is that such provision can no longer be afforded because of the imposition of 20% VAT on those schools.
On behalf of those parents, I implore the Government to look at that again and do a U-turn.
Would the Conservatives support cutting breakfast clubs?
Would they support reducing the expansion of free school meals?
Would they sack teachers?
Those are some of the things being invested in because we made that decision.
We are determined to provide support for children with special educational needs wherever they need it.
We want children to be able to go to their local schools, but we will support them with their needs.
I call the Chair of the Education Committee.
My Committee’s recent inquiry on SEND found that, although support from health services is critical in enabling many children with special educational needs and disabilities to access education, health is often not represented at the table and there are no effective mechanisms to hold health services to account for the vital role that they play.