Can she reach out to those in the Treasury and elsewhere to make them understand the ecosystem in which those providers sit?
Sure Start was one of the greatest successes of the last Labour Government, and it drove significant improvements for our children.
The Conservative party systematically dismantled that across our country, with significant negative consequences for our children and young people.
When this Government say that we are prioritising early years, we are putting our money where our mouth is—unlike the Conservatives, who had a pledge with absolutely no plan—with £8 billion this year and £9 billion next year to expand childcare and give every child the best start in life.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
The launch of Labour’s best start in life campaign last week marked a watershed moment.
The Conservatives slashed family services, leaving children and families across our country without support, but Labour is building back that support, reviving Sure Start for a new generation.
It is more than just the Best Start adverts that people have seen on the telly and heard on the radio; it is bricks and mortar, too.
From Derbyshire  to Darlington, and from Staffordshire to Swindon, Labour is giving local authorities the funding they need to open Best Start family hubs, so that community services are truly nationwide once again.
Labour demands the best start in life for children growing up in our country.
That is how we will get a record share of children school-ready.
That is the difference that a Labour Government make.
I declare that I used to work as a university lecturer before being elected.
One of my constituents has already paid nearly £500 for their French visa, just to be able to undertake their year abroad as part of their degree.
These costs will exclude students from disadvantaged backgrounds from vital international opportunities.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss the excessive visa costs faced by British students undertaking international placements?
If the hon.
Lady would be so kind as to provide me with some information and more details, I will happily ensure that she gets a proper response.
We recently had brilliant news in Dartford for young people in the constituency and across the region, with North Kent college designated as a technical excellence college, with a focus on transforming construction training.
That is perfect for the lower Thames crossing just coming on stream.
The college, however, is full to the brim and wants to expand.
Will the Minister look at how colleges such as North Kent can gain access to crucial capital to enable them to expand?
I join my hon.
Friend in congratulating the fantastic team at North Kent college on all their hard work, and congratulate him on his championing of great vocational and technical routes for our young people.
The Government have committed £80 million of capital funding to construction technical excellence colleges.
We will also be investing a further £375 million over four years to provide additional places for 16 to 19-year-olds.
I will be saying more on that shortly, and I am happy to discuss it further with my hon.
Friend.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The Education Secretary talks about wanting to improve outcomes for white working-class boys, yet disadvantaged children in Wales are being failed by the very model that she wants to introduce here in England.
Is it not the case that the best thing she can do for white working-class pupils is to stop her school reforms?
I do not know how the right hon.
Lady has the brass neck.
For 14 years, we saw groups in our—[Interruption.]
Order.
I have got to get all these people in during topicals.
Having a private conversation as the Secretary of State tries to answer the question does not help.
The Conservatives had 14 years.