The legislation passed by the last Government would have given the very terrorists who were killed in the exchange of fire, if they had survived, the ability to secure immunity from prosecution.
That is what the last Government’s legacy Act did.
It would have given anyone—soldiers, but also terrorists—immunity from prosecution.
I am afraid that this Government take the view that that was wrong and the courts have determined that that was wrong.
That is why we will repeal and replace the legacy Act.
Throughout the troubles, both state and non-state actors committed unlawful killings that have created harm and scarred families across both our islands.
Does the Secretary of State agree that his Government, working with the Northern Irish parties, must find and build bodies that honour the Stormont House obligations of articles 2 and 3-compliant investigations and ensure that no victim-maker—nobody who carries out an unlawful killing, whether UK state forces, IRA or UDA—has the right to suppress truth from families?
As I have previously indicated to the House, I am committed in all my discussions with many of those affected, including veterans, to finding a way forward that can command a degree of consensus in a way that the last Government’s legacy Act failed to do.
I understand the strength of feeling being expressed in the House today—I really do—but there needs to be some reflection on how a piece of legislation came to be passed that engendered almost universal opposition in Northern Ireland.
The people of Northern Ireland, who, after all, lived through the troubles, did not feel that that was the right way to proceed, and time and again it has been found to be unlawful.
In other words, we were left with a mess and we are doing our best to try to fix it.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I thank  the right hon.
Member for Goole and Pocklington (David Davis)  for bringing this issue to the House.
The Liberal Democrats are firmly committed to the principles of truth, justice and accountability.
The violence carried  out by the IRA during the troubles was abhorrent and inflicted deep suffering on communities across Northern Ireland.
At the same time, upholding the rule of law is a fundamental principle that applies to all, including the actions of state forces.
The findings of the Clonoe inquest highlight the importance of due process and transparency in dealing with legacy issues.
It is vital that families seeking answers about the past are able to access justice and that all events are subject to rigorous legal scrutiny.
That is the only way to build trust and support a lasting reconciliation in Northern Ireland.
There has been immense progress in Northern Ireland since the Good Friday agreement and that progress was built on the principles of justice, democracy and accountability.
We—all of us—must continue to uphold those principles if we are to secure a lasting and peaceful future for all communities.
The Secretary of State recently said that legislation to revoke the deeply flawed legacy Act, which does not command confidence across Northern Ireland, will be introduced when time allows.
Will he offer details on when that might be?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his observations.
The answer to his last question is: when parliamentary time allows.
As soon as I am in a position to indicate when that will be, I will tell the House.
I very much agree with what the hon.
Gentleman said about the violence inflicted by terrorists being abhorrent.
It is important that in this House we make it quite clear that there was always an alternative to violence: pursuing the path of peace.
When people finally decided that that was the course of action that they should take, we saw a transformation in the lives of people in Northern Ireland.