Having met GPs in Winsford, I know that there are clear concerns that access to child and adolescent mental health services is being rationed to the point that it has become almost inaccessible to all but the most severe cases.
Will my hon.
Friend tell me what progress has been made towards our commitment to provide specialist mental health professionals in schools, ensuring that there is early intervention that prevents issues from escalating?
After the disastrous 14 years that we have had, we are facing a very serious situation in terms of mental health provision.
It will take some time to get the workforce in place, but we have a clear commitment to having a specialist in every school.
The appointment and training of those specialists will take some time.
We are also rolling out open-access Young Futures hubs in every community.
I am confident that the combination of those two interventions will get us back to having mental health services that this country can be truly proud of.
I call the Chair of the Health and Social Care Committee.
I welcome the Under-Secretary of State for Health and Social Care,  the hon.
Member for West Lancashire (Ashley Dalton) , to her place.
I look forward to working with her, as I do with other Ministers.
As the Minister for Care will know, 20% of the burden on the NHS is due to mental health, yet only 10% of the budget is allocated towards it.
The mental health investment standard has been a welcome maintenance under this Government.
However, the Select Committee heard from Amanda Pritchard the other day that the standard is guaranteed for only the next two years.
Does the Minister agree that the standard has had a positive effect on mental health community services, and would he commit to protecting it?
The Chair of the Committee will have seen that we have made an explicit commitment to the mental health investment standard—we are absolutely  committed to that.
In addition, we have to drive reform in the system so that it is about not just the amount of investment going in, but how we ensure that it is working properly.
I am absolutely confident that the commitment to 8,500 new specialists, the Young Futures hubs and having a mental health specialist in every school will facilitate the delivery of services in a far more effective way than is currently the case.
I thank the Minister for his continued commitment to supporting mental health in this country.
Does he also recognise that mental health involves supporting NHS frontline staff?
I had the wonderful opportunity of spending time with the East of England ambulance service on Saturday morning.
They work incredibly long hours and work incredibly hard.
Obviously, we need to think about their mental health as well.
We in this Chamber should, whenever possible, pay tribute to the people providing those frontline services, who every day work heroically in very difficult circumstances.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about the pressures on the workforce—we are very conscious of that.
We will bring forward a workforce plan in the summer, and we are working at pace to recruit the 8,500 mental health workers.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Last week, the Secretary of State issued a new mandate for the NHS in which a number of mental health targets were dropped.
I accept that targets that drive perverse behaviours should be dropped and that some sharpened focus is necessary, but mental health waiting lists are at a record high, huge numbers of people are not at work because of poor mental health, and our young people are being let down badly by CAMHS, not least in my constituency of North Shropshire.
Does the Secretary of State accept that mental health targets should be reinstated and that mental health should be treated with equal priority to physical health?