That is why there is no equivalence between them and those who chose in those circumstances to use violence to try to advance their cause.
In the end, the terrible violence that we are discussing was brought to an end by the Good Friday agreement—by people finally recognising that that is not the way to proceed.
Going back to the question asked about the cost by the Opposition spokesperson,  the hon.
Member for Brentwood and Ongar (Alex Burghart) , there was an alternative cost, which is what we would have faced if the Good Friday agreement had not been successful in bringing peace to Northern Ireland.
We should recognise what a significant moment it was, but we should stand with our soldiers.
Much has been made in recognising the service of our armed forces, including the members of the RUC and the PSNI,  because not only did they defend our communities, they lived among them.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the soldiers acted inside the rules of engagement in that they believed their lives were in danger from heavily armed terrorists, who were intent on murder, and that decisions taken in a split second by the military commander were, in his view, justified?
In all honesty, I have to say to the hon.
Gentleman that, of course, I was not present at the time; I am not the coroner; I have not looked into the circumstances of the case; and therefore I am not in any position to answer the question that he has put to me.
But I have read the summary of the coroner’s findings.
They of course raise serious matters, which is why the Ministry of Defence is considering them.
As has been said, people in Northern Ireland are appalled at this decision by a coroner who, incidentally, would have had police officers protecting him during the troubles.
I guarantee that had he been faced with armed terrorists and those officers had asked them to put their hands up and surrender, he would have been appalled.
He would have expected them to be shot.
People will be equally appalled by the measly mouthed response from the Secretary of State.
Let me quote some of the things he has said: “I can’t comment on this”, “We have to take seriously the judgment of the coroner” and “I will defend the ECHR, even though it has been abused by terrorists.”
When will the Secretary of State take the side of the soldiers who fought in Northern Ireland and not be afraid that whatever he says here might offend Sinn Féin, the IRA and their supporters?
I will only say to the right hon.
Gentleman that the characterisation of the views that he attempts to attribute to me is incorrect, but I make no apology for telling the House about this Government’s support for the European convention, because this set of findings by the coroner has nothing to do with the European convention on human rights.
The coroner was faced with a set of circumstances.
He considered them and produced his findings, as inquests do all the time.
People are entitled to criticise the outcome, but it is an independent coronial process.
Compounding the problems that the coroner has created with his comments is the fact that in the past whenever innocent people were killed, the judiciary has commented that attention should be drawn to those behind the scenes who send young men out to carry out the killing.
These young men were sent out to kill; they had murder in their minds.
It is a pity that the coroner did not mention who was behind that—why are their names not being brought to public light?
Does the Secretary of State agree that something like that might have helped a little to minimise the compounding problem created by the coroner’s comments at the time?
The hon.