The autumn Budget committed over £13 billion into next year, with £4 billion for ICBs to start prioritising some of this work.
We have allocated £1 billion for critical backlogs, maintenance and upgrades.
A longer-term capital plan will follow the 10-year plan that we are currently developing to offer the hope for her constituents that she asks for.
What steps his Department is taking with Cabinet colleagues to increase access to assessments for special educational needs.
Children and young people with special educational needs are waiting too long for the NHS services that they need, in large part because local authorities have been hollowed out by 14 years of austerity.
We are supporting earlier intervention through the partnerships for inclusion of neurodiversity in schools—PINS—programme, which is backed by £13 million of funding.
NHS England has also launched a taskforce to look at how support can be improved for people with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
We look forward to its report later this year.
Cambridgeshire has some of the lowest funding in England for GP practices and schools.
Given the Government’s focus on growth for the area and the record demand for special educational needs and disabilities and young people’s mental health services, will the Minister work with colleagues across Government to ensure that high-growth areas no longer suffer lower than average funding?
Our commitment to improving SEND conditions is universal.
We are looking at this from the point of view of improving provision right across the country.
I am very pleased that the PINS programme is making progress.
I draw the hon.
Lady’s attention to the early language support for every child—ELSEC—programme, in which nine pathfinder sites over two years will provide early identification, and targeted and universal support for children with speech, language and communication needs in early years and primary school settings.
We are working very closely with colleagues across the Department for Education and NHS England on that.
Local authority resources are a big driver of some challenges in the SEND system, but it is clear to anyone working in it that a systemic under-prioritisation of children’s health, all too often by local NHS trusts, is a big contributing factor.
Young people right across my constituency waiting for assessment and lacking support are paying the price.
As part of our 10-year plan to reform the NHS, how will we ensure that children’s health is front and centre again, with much more support for people with additional needs?
I am working very closely with colleagues in the DFE on how we mainstream SEND provision more effectively, get more rapid education, health and care plans and autism diagnoses, and on a whole range of issues that require strong cross-party work.
I would be happy to brief my hon.
Friend on that separately.
What steps his Department is taking to help reach the national dementia diagnosis rate target.
The dementia diagnosis rate target was not met for the last five years of the Conservative Government, and it declined over the course of the last Parliament.
This Government are committed to ensuring that at least two thirds of people living with dementia receive a diagnosis.
The Government are investing in dementia research across all areas, from causes, diagnosis and prevention to treatment, care and support, to help people live with this condition.
Nearly 1 million people are living with dementia—it is the biggest cause of death in the country today—and by the end of the 2030s that figure is set to rise to 1.4 million.
Early diagnosis is one of the best things we can do to support people living with dementia, so will the Secretary of State explain why the dementia diagnosis target no longer features in NHS England’s priorities, as published two weeks ago?
Will he commit to reinstating both dementia and the commitment to a diagnosis target in NHS England’s priority guidelines?