Nearly 1 million people are living with dementia—it is the biggest cause of death in the country today—and by the end of the 2030s that figure is set to rise to 1.4 million.
Early diagnosis is one of the best things we can do to support people living with dementia, so will the Secretary of State explain why the dementia diagnosis target no longer features in NHS England’s priorities, as published two weeks ago?
Will he commit to reinstating both dementia and the commitment to a diagnosis target in NHS England’s priority guidelines?
I just restated the Government’s commitment to ensuring that at least two thirds of people living with dementia receive a diagnosis.
Our investment and reform agenda will speed up diagnostics across the board.
Under the last Government, NHS planning guidance was a wish list of fantasy targets, most of which were never met.
As the NHS got worse and worse, they piled on more targets to make themselves look busy.
This Government are ending the micromanagement, turning our NHS around and clearing up their mess.
My dad was a GP in Hartlepool for over 30 years—the Secretary of State was kind enough to meet him the last time he was in Hartlepool—and he has Alzheimer’s.
Every day, I think about why we did not spot the signs early enough to get the treatment that he needed at an earlier stage.
The Alzheimer’s Society estimates that only 29% of social care workers have any form of dementia training.
Does the Secretary of State agree that it is critical that we up that number and ensure that all social care workers have dementia training, to ensure early diagnosis?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his question—I know how personal this issue is for him.
I was delighted to meet his father on my visit to Hartlepool, and wish him very well.
I take very seriously what my hon.
Friend has said about the importance of workforce training.
He mentioned training for health and social care staff, which is important, but I would argue that the point applies more broadly across our society.
On  6 September , the Department launched the adult social  care learning and development support scheme, which allows eligible employers to claim for funding for certain training courses and qualifications, including relevant dementia training, for eligible care staff.
We will continue to keep this under observation and review.
What steps he is taking to help tackle career progression inequalities in nursing.
I know that this issue is close to my hon.
Friend’s heart, after his years of service as a nurse in the health service.
We have to ensure that the NHS is an attractive place for nurses to work, and that they can progress.
We hear directly from staff through our 10-year plan, and work closely with the Royal College of Nursing, Unison and other trade unions through our social partnership forum.
I must disclose that I worked as a mental health nurse in the NHS for the past 22 years, and that in my career, I progressed from nurse to head of nursing.
Recruitment and retention of nursing staff across the health and social care sector is key to delivering an NHS that is fit for the future, but the most recent NHS staff workforce survey showed that just 56% of staff felt that the health service acted fairly when it came to career progression.
What steps will this Government take to address this issue, and to ensure that our nursing workforce feel valued and feel a sense of purpose in their wider work?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that the issue is key, and that the results are worrying.
I know how proud my friends and family members were to become nurses, and what a great career nursing offered them.
We have to deliver on the promise of a good career, and build on that pride in being a nurse.