Activity for activity’s sake has little to do with high quality care.”
Does the Secretary of State agree with The BMJ, and if not, why not?
I always believe in holding our hands up when mistakes are made.
I am happy to say that the reason that case study was removed from the published elective reform plan is because it was a genuine mistake, for which I accept responsibility as the Secretary of State.
Now, maybe the Conservative party might like to accept responsibility for the highest waiting lists and lowest patient satisfaction in history, and finally have the decency to apologise to the country for the mess it left us in.
What steps his Department is taking to support hospices.
What steps his Department is taking to support hospices.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of long-term funding for hospices.
Hospices provide vital care and support for patients and their families at the most difficult time.
I am very proud that this Government have provided a £100 million capital funding boost for adult and children’s hospices over this year and next.
We are currently finalising the delivery mechanism for this funding, and we are pleased that Hospice UK is standing ready to distribute the money to local hospices across England.
We are also providing £26 million of revenue funding for children’s hospices in England in 2025-26.
While I wholeheartedly welcome the £100 million capital funding boost for hospices announced before Christmas, 17 members of staff at Nottinghamshire hospice, which is a large community-based hospice serving my constituency that provides care for family members in their own homes, have recently been told they are at risk of redundancy.
Can the Minister please expand on how the Government will support organisations such as this to continue to deliver excellent care in the community?
I thank my hon.
Friend for this important question, and I commend the work of hospices such as Nottinghamshire hospice in his constituency, which I know does a wonderful job for people in his area.
The investment I referred to in my earlier answer will help hospices such as Nottinghamshire hospice to provide quality end-of-life care to patients and their families this year and next.
It can be used to improve IT systems, make it easier for GPs and hospitals to share  vital data on patients, and help to develop and improve outreach services to support people in their own homes, when needed.
North London Hospice in my constituency has a site in Winchmore Hill that receives one third of its funding from the NHS, with the rest coming from the generosity of the public.
Many of its services, such as out-patients and wellbeing, are funded entirely by donations.
While it welcomes the announcement of the £100 million in funding, what assurances can the Government provide about long-term hospice funding, given the significant delays in accessing funding from integrated care boards this year?
Hospices are anxious to seek clarity about the allocation and distribution of this funding.
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question.
On her point about long-term funding, last week I chaired a roundtable with key stakeholders from the sector, and we were absolutely focused on developing a plan to secure the long-term sustainability of the sector.
We cannot go back to the cliff edge that we have had over the last few months, primarily due to the utterly chaotic and shambolic way in which the Conservative party managed our system in the past.
I have had the privilege of witnessing at first hand the exceptional work of my local hospices, Forget Me Not children’s hospice and the Kirkwood.
However, as my hon.
Friends the Members for Rushcliffe (James Naish) and for Edmonton and Winchmore Hill (Kate Osamor) have stated, they are also struggling with long-term funding pressures and have had to make the difficult decision to reduce services and staff.