We are in negotiations about the future contract with the General Practitioners Committee England of the British Medical Association.
Those negotiations are proceeding, and the right hon.
Gentleman is right that we need serious reform; we will be pushing reforms through on that basis.
On his point about the estate, we have a £102 million commitment on capital for the primary care estate, which I think will go some way towards reassuring him.
I thank my hon.
Friend the Minister for all the support he has given the University of East Anglia to set up its dental school, but he will be aware that all those shiny new dentists coming out in a few years’ time will be going into the private sector, not the NHS, unless we can sort out the NHS dental contract.
Can he give us any kind of timeline for when we can expect to hear an announcement on that critical factor?
I wish my hon.
Friend all the best with his efforts to get that dental school up and running.
As for the need for serious reform, there is no perfect payment system, but we have to get a payment system in place that makes NHS dentistry attractive—at least as attractive as doing work in the private sector.
We are working at pace on that, and I will report back on that as rapidly as possible.
Some 44,066 children—one in six—are waiting more than a year for medical treatment, compared with one in 100 adults.
Waits are at their worst in community medicine.
In Dorset, there are waits of up to two years in child development, and delays of a year are normal for child and adolescent mental health services.
Fifty-three per cent of all community health referrals take more than a year.
Will the Minister confirm whether the 18-week target will apply to community referrals and not just hospitals?
If not, when can we expect a target, so that children are not badly affected?
The hon.
Member is absolutely right to put the spotlight on paediatric health.
Mental health is important for children and young people, but physical health is too.
This Government are committed to dramatically reducing waiting lists and returning to the 18-week standard by the end of this Parliament, but we should aim to go even harder after those childhood waiting lists, because many children waiting in pain and agony are losing valuable years of their childhood that they will never get back.
The Government know how hard I have worked as co-chair of the all-party parliamentary group for medical cannabis on or under prescription.
I am pleased to hear that there is a trial, but I urge the Minister and her team to make sure that it actually goes ahead, as others have not because of Brexit, covid and elections.
Can she please meet me to ensure that the APPG and I are kept up to date on the work of the NHS?
My hon.
Friend has been a strong campaigner on this issue on behalf of her constituents, and I congratulate her on that work.
We are confident that the randomised trial will go forward, and we have invested over £8.5 million in it.
I am very happy to meet her, and I urge people to come forward and support the trial.
That is the way forward on this issue.
The new Health Minister has stated that it is okay for a human being to present as a llama.
If I have a family member who presents as a llama and suddenly becomes ill in the middle of the night, should I send for a doctor, a vet or a straitjacket?
I can say to the hon.
Member that my hon.
Friend the Minister believes in treating every human being with the dignity and respect they deserve—even the hon.
Gentleman.
Shortly after the election, the new Government announced £4.3 million for a new community mental health hub in Whitehaven.