and learned Gentleman let me finish answering the question that he put?
I feel the anger that is being expressed in the House, but we have an independent legal system in this country, which is one of the foundations of our freedom.
The IRA itself claimed the terrorists shot by the security forces at Clonoe, describing their actions that night as being “active service”.
They had just launched a cowardly attack on Coalisland RUC station, no doubt with murderous intent, but they met real soldiers and they lost.
No doubt many innocent lives were saved by the security forces as a result of that evening: these were not innocent people, but hardened terrorists.
Does the Secretary of State agree that this was a justified and necessary operation, within the guidelines of military interception, and will he condemn judicial rulings that seek to rewrite  history, undermine our security forces and embolden bloodthirsty terrorists who wage war against innocent people?
I accept the characterisation that the hon.
Member has ascribed to the individuals.
Clearly, in firing 60 rounds at the police station, we know what their intent was.
That was what the Provisional IRA and terrorists on the loyalist side did during the course of the troubles, and we have to speak of that as well.
The coroner’s findings are there on the record.
Members and public society are perfectly entitled to express a view, and I acknowledge the concerns that Members have raised today.
It is a very serious issue, and that is why it falls to the Ministry of Defence to consider the findings and what may follow.
It is a great pity that no one from the Defence Front-Bench team is here with us because I am sure that if they were, they could confirm that the DShK machine gun that these men had is a weapon of incredible power.
If we were to look around the average city block, there would be nothing that a DShK could not hit and put a bullet right through.
We now sit here warm and safe and consider the actions of, as we have heard, brave men who had to take an instantaneous decision to stand up and face that weapon and the people who had already demonstrated that they were prepared to use it.
It sticks in the craw that we hear the IRA described here as a “unit”—as though they were some sort of army.
They style themselves as an army, but they are not an army—they are a murder gang, simple as that.
Is it not the case that the ECHR now skews the balance in their favour, and that we are hide-bound by the idea that there is an equivalence between the IRA and the brave soldiers of the SAS who stood up and did what they had to do to protect innocent lives?
There is no equivalence at all—none whatsoever—for the reasons that have been set out by Members in this exchange, following the question asked by the right hon.
Member for Goole and Pocklington.
There is nothing in the European convention on human rights that says there must be equivalence.
Our armed services personnel, the RUC, security services and others were doing their best to protect the citizens of Northern Ireland from the murderous onslaught that they were subjected to over the years of the troubles.
That is why there is no equivalence between them and those who chose in those circumstances to use violence to try to advance their cause.
In the end, the terrible violence that we are discussing was brought to an end by the Good Friday agreement—by people finally recognising that that is not the way to proceed.
Going back to the question asked about the cost by the Opposition spokesperson,  the hon.