The Government gave notice at the election that they intended to remove the element of the Northern Ireland Troubles (Legacy and Reconciliation) Act 2023 that protects soldiers and police who served during the troubles from prosecution.
Last week’s frankly speculative judgment from the Northern Ireland coroner into the Clonoe shootings now exposes a number of soldiers to potential prosecution.
These are men who served their country with honour, heroism and skill, sometimes in the face of the most incredible danger.
They are now mostly in their 60s and 70s and no doubt hoping for a well-earned peaceful retirement.
In his statement in December, the Secretary of State of spoke of
“recognising the dedicated service of the vast majority of police officers, members of the armed forces and the security services who did so much to keep the people of Northern Ireland safe during the troubles.
”[Official Report,  4 December 2024 ; Vol.
758, c. 419.]
So precisely what are the Government going to do to stop the vengeful pursuit of decent patriotic people?
If the Government leave them open to persecution, it will frankly be shameful and serve only to further the IRA’s attempt to rewrite the history of Northern Ireland.
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for asking this urgent question.
As he will be aware, this inquest was part of the five-year plan established by the former Lord Chief Justice, and because the hearings were held prior to the legacy Act  1 May  cut-off, the inquest was able to be concluded.
For the avoidance of doubt, it is not the result of anything that this Government have done.
The Government set out in our election manifesto and the King’s Speech our commitment to repeal and replace the legacy Act, because it did something quite remarkable in uniting the political parties and communities of Northern Ireland in opposition to it.
It is a fatally flawed piece of legislation that has been found, in a number of respects, to be incompatible with our obligations under the European convention on human rights. [
Hon.
Members: “Ah!”]
This Government believe in upholding our commitment to the European convention on human rights, even if other Members do not share that view.
I set out in my statement to the House of Commons in December the approach that we are taking, and I will bring forward further proposals in due course.
I echo what the right hon.
Gentleman said about the service of our armed forces, the police and security services during those terribly dark, difficult and bloody days of the troubles.
I thank  the right hon.
Member for Goole and Pocklington (David Davis)  for his urgent question and the Secretary of State for his answer.
I have a simple question: what does the Secretary of State think this ruling will mean for peace and reconciliation and for bringing communities together in Northern Ireland?
That is a judgment that individuals and communities will have to make, having regard to what the coroner had to say.
There have been a very large number of inquest findings in relation to the troubles, and the Government and I understand the concerns that have been raised by the coroner’s findings in this case.
The fundamental problem in Northern Ireland remains the legacy of the troubles and the fact that so many people still do not have an answer to the question of what happened to their loved one.
I am afraid the previous Government made, in my view, a terrible mistake in deciding that civil cases and inquests would be closed off.
I also have to point out that the legacy Act did not prevent the possibility of future prosecutions, because it is possible, even under the law as it stands today, for prosecutions to be undertaken if the independent commission finds evidence that it thinks should be passed to the independent prosecution bodies.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.