I have had the privilege of witnessing at first hand the exceptional work of my local hospices, Forget Me Not children’s hospice and the Kirkwood.
However, as my hon.
Friends the Members for Rushcliffe (James Naish) and for Edmonton and Winchmore Hill (Kate Osamor) have stated, they are also struggling with long-term funding pressures and have had to make the difficult decision to reduce services and staff.
What further work are the Government doing to ensure that hospices thrive, and to ensure that end-of-life care is included in the 10-year NHS plan?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question.
One of the three shifts that the 10-year plan will deliver is shifting more healthcare out of hospitals and into the community.
In the context of the plan, we are having discussions about the long-term sustainability of the palliative and end-of-life care sector, including hospices.
As we develop the plan, we will be carefully considering policies in this area, with input from the public, patients, health staff and our stakeholders.
As I mentioned in response to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Edmonton and Winchmore Hill (Kate Osamor) , last week I was pleased to chair a roundtable to discuss long-term strategies for hospices to get palliative and end-of-life care, including hospices, on to a more sustainable footing after 14 years of Tory neglect and incompetence.
Leicestershire is home to some superb hospices, such as Rainbows and LOROS, both of which are set to be massively impacted by the hike in national insurance contributions.
Given the important work that these hospices do, particularly for people at the end of their lives, will the Minister urge the Chancellor to reverse this pernicious tax rise?
I am once again struck by the fact that Conservative Members seem to welcome the additional investment that the Chancellor has put into our health  and care service, but do not seem to have any plan or proposals at all about how the revenue should be generated for that funding.
Until we get an answer to that question, we will struggle to get much further in this House, although I note that Toby Porter, the chief executive of Hospice UK, has said that the
“funding will allow hospices to continue to reach hundreds of thousands of people every year with high-quality, compassionate care.
We look forward to working with the government to make sure everyone approaching the end of life gets the care and support they need”.
First, may I pay tribute to those who work in hospices?
I think we can all agree that they do an astonishing job.
The Minister will agree that the national insurance hike has had an impact on those who work in hospices.
Can he assure me that when it comes to the Scottish Government’s funding—I acknowledge the 14 years of Tory misrule and the funding settlements that were handed down—any Barnett consequentials will be passed on in full to the devolved Administrations?
We have seen the biggest settlement in many years for our health and care system across the country.
It is now up to the SNP Government in Edinburgh to absorb and deliver that funding in a way that will actually improve services in Scotland—something that we have not seen for a very long time under the misrule of the Scottish National party.
The magnificent work done by those who work in hospices, including the four in Northern Ireland, needs to be reflected in the funding formula.
Will the Minister undertake to discuss with ministerial colleagues the need for the Treasury to review that funding formula, particularly in relation to devolved settlements?
From the roundtable discussions, and from subsequent discussions we have been having with the sector, it is clear that we need to look at the long-term funding issue.
We faced a cliff edge towards the end of last year.
That is not the right way to do things.