The Department has invested £25 million over 2023-24 and 2024-25 to support the establishment of at least one pilot women’s health hub in every integrated care system.
Whether he has had discussions with NHS England on including vasa praevia screening as part of antenatal care.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his ongoing work in raising awareness in maternity services.
We are committed to improving  maternity care for women and babies.
Evidence does not currently support screening for vasa praevia in the UK, but we have asked the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists to review the guidance around this issue.
My constituent Cate Maddison suffered with severe vasa praevia in childbirth.
This condition causes severe bleeding and can often result in the death of infants in childbirth and complications for the mother.
However, the risks are significantly reduced when identified during pregnancy.
Thankfully, Cate’s child survived, but she is campaigning to reduce unnecessary complications and deaths arising from the condition.
Will the Minister meet me and Cate to discuss how we can tackle this important issue?
I am incredibly sorry to hear about Cate’s experience.
We want to ensure that women receive safe, personalised and compassionate maternity care and that women with the condition are supported.
That is why we have asked the college to look at the guidance.
I will of course be happy to meet my hon.
Friend and his constituent.
There is clearly a need to consider vasa praevia as part of antenatal care.
The hon.
Member for Crewe and Nantwich (Connor Naismith)  set the scene very well and the Minister responded in a good fashion.
This issue, which the hon.
Member was right to highlight, is also an issue in Northern Ireland.
Will the Minister share what is going forward here with representatives at the Northern Ireland Assembly?
I thank the hon.
Member for that point.
As he knows, I am always keen to ensure we share good practice across the United Kingdom so that his constituents, like mine, can benefit.
We will work through the usual processes to ensure that happens.
If he will provide funding for the repair of Stepping Hill hospital in Stockport.
I thank the hon.
Lady, along with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stockport (Navendu Mishra) , for her continued support for Stepping Hill hospital.
I know that she is working hard on this issue.
We are backing the NHS with over £4 billion of funding for integrated care boards for capital priorities, with a dedicated £750 million estate safety fund next year to address the poorest quality hospitals.
I am pleased that the replacement of Stepping Hill’s outpatient facility is already under way, backed by £11.5 million this year.
I look forward to visiting as soon as my diary allows.
I am grateful to the Minister for her response and our ongoing correspondence on this issue.
I very much look forward to meeting her on site at Stepping Hill so that she can see for herself the reported £134 million repairs backlog at the site.
The most recent board papers mentioned a £19.9 million significant risk backlog, which is having a detrimental effect on the hospital team’s ability to see and treat patients.
What   hope can the Minister give that there is a plan for the funding of buildings at Stepping Hill so that my constituents get the treatment that they deserve?
The hon.
Lady outlines for her constituents what many across the House will recognise: the state that the last Government left the capital estate in.
The autumn Budget committed over £13 billion into next year, with £4 billion for ICBs to start prioritising some of this work.
We have allocated £1 billion for critical backlogs, maintenance and upgrades.
A longer-term capital plan will follow the 10-year plan that we are currently developing to offer the hope for her constituents that she asks for.