On  19 November , I granted a waiver in respect of the case of Dillon and others v. the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, given the issues of national importance raised by that case.
The waiver is ongoing, and Members may refer to the case in the House.
Given that the coroner’s verdicts and findings in relation to the Clonoe inquest have been published, I am content for that case to be discussed in the House.
However, Members should take care to avoid referring to any other active civil or criminal cases.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland to make a statement on the coroner’s ruling in the Clonoe inquest.
On  16 February 1992 , a heavily armed unit of the Provisional IRA carried out an attack on Coalisland police station armed with a 12.7 mm heavy machine gun and three AKM rifles.
Approximately 60 rounds were fired, but thankfully no one was injured.
Following the attack, the IRA unit proceeding to a car park where they were engaged by soldiers of the Army’s specialist military unit.
This resulted in four men, Patrick Vincent, Sean O’Farrell, Peter Paul Clancy and Kevin O’Donnell, being shot and killed by the soldiers.
On  6 February , Mr Justice Humphreys, sitting as a coroner in the inquest into the circumstances of those deaths at Clonoe chapel, found that the use of lethal force by the soldiers was unjustified and that
“the operation was not planned and controlled in such a way as to minimise to the greatest extent possible the need for recourse to lethal force.”
The coroner further found that the soldiers did not hold
“an honest and genuinely held belief”
that the use of force was necessary to defend themselves or others.
These are clearly very significant matters that require careful consideration.
I know that the Ministry of Defence is considering the coroner’s finding.
Therefore there is, unfortunately, a limit to what I am able to say in relation to the findings themselves, particularly given that there is also an ongoing civil case relating to these events.
However, it is clear the Government must take such findings very seriously.
We owe a great debt to our armed forces—
Order.
There is no sub judice to the case that you have just mentioned.
We must be clear on that.
So please let us not try to use that as a barrier.
I just want to be clear on that.
I accept that entirely, Mr Speaker.
I was merely pointing out, as I think your statement alluded to, that there is an ongoing civil case.
We owe a great debt to our armed forces.
The vast majority of those who served in Operation Banner during the troubles did so with distinction.
They operated in the most dangerous and difficult circumstances to protect the citizens of the United Kingdom.
During the troubles, over 1,000 members of the security forces lost their lives in that endeavour.
It is right that we hold our armed forces to the highest standards.
We must also recognise the extreme circumstances that they faced.
That is what sets them apart from the terrorist organisations who indiscriminately murdered over 3,000 people during the troubles.
I thank the Secretary of State for taking this statement personally.
I know that he did not have to, so I thank him for that.
The Government gave notice at the election that they intended to remove the element of the Northern Ireland Troubles (Legacy and Reconciliation) Act 2023 that protects soldiers and police who served during the troubles from prosecution.
Last week’s frankly speculative judgment from the Northern Ireland coroner into the Clonoe shootings now exposes a number of soldiers to potential prosecution.
These are men who served their country with honour, heroism and skill, sometimes in the face of the most incredible danger.