Gentleman said about the violence inflicted by terrorists being abhorrent.
It is important that in this House we make it quite clear that there was always an alternative to violence: pursuing the path of peace.
When people finally decided that that was the course of action that they should take, we saw a transformation in the lives of people in Northern Ireland.
The tragedy is that so many people were killed and murdered before we got to the point of the Good Friday agreement.
The Secretary of State asked rhetorically whether the law around inquests needs to change.
The coroner had to answer four questions: where, when, who and how.
He had no role in trying to answer why, but we know why: four depraved terrorists for the IRA and their warped ideology tried to destroy society and kill in our country.
Yesterday, the Defence Secretary was clear when he said that those who served in the SAS that day,
“deserve, and they will receive, our fullest support.
”—[Official Report,  10 February 2025 ; Vol.
762, c. 21.]
I will not stand for a rewriting of the past.
Does the Secretary of State agree with the Defence Secretary?
I do not support a rewriting of the past either.
Of course we should stand with our armed service veterans, which is what the Ministry of Defence does.
I will say, however, that the coroner—a judge—considered the facts of the case and came to an independent judgment about them.
We are all of course perfectly free to express a view about the findings but, to come back to my point in answer to the Opposition spokesperson’s earlier comment: if Members argue that the coronial system applying to inquests right across the country  should—[Interruption.]
If I may just finish the point: if they argue that the system should be changed because there is a great deal of feeling about particular findings that the coroner reached, the House should give that careful consideration before going down that road.
Does the Secretary of State accept that the Northern Ireland (Sentences) Act 1998 continues to apply?
That means that no soldier and no terrorist, convicted of even the most heinous murders, can serve more than two years in jail.
Those are the sort of compromises that have been necessary.
When the Secretary of State accepts that the legacy Act would have given immunity to terrorists and soldiers alike, does he not recognise the principle of a truth recovery process, coupled with a statute of limitations, as exemplified by what happened in South Africa?
Is what was good enough for Nelson Mandela not good enough for Northern Ireland?
The right hon.
Gentleman makes a fair point.
Societies around the world that have faced terrible conflict have each taken their own path to try to find a way forward.
The release of 400 prisoners in the two years after the Good Friday agreement was a very bitter pill to swallow for many in Northern Ireland, but I support that step—it was nothing to do with me at the time—because it was the right one to take to enable the Good Friday agreement to be reached.
I say to the right hon.
Gentleman that I have met people, including the family of a member of our armed forces who was murdered by the IRA, who expressed to me their bitter opposition to the immunity provisions of the legacy Act.
The sharpened tension in Northern Ireland is palpable after the ruling.
The day after the shooting, the Provisional IRA issued a statement boasting that the men were in the East Tyrone brigade and on active service.
Mr Speaker, you and I know the Bible, and it is very clear: live by the sword, die by the sword.
If you live by a machine gun that you use to shoot a police station, you die by a machine gun—that is the way that I see it.