To give a sense of quantum to the House, about £400 million-worth of UK steel exports go to the United States.
That represents, if I recollect accurately, about 10% of UK production, so the hon.
Gentleman is entirely right to recognise that this is a significant moment.
We take that very seriously, which is why we are engaging in dialogue with both the workforce and the owners of the various steel producers here in the United Kingdom.
More broadly, as my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham Hodge Hill and Solihull North (Liam Byrne)  alluded to, we want to avoid a significant escalation.
We saw retaliatory measures taken under the first Trump Administration.
It feels to me that this is an opportunity for the UK to exercise a cool head and a clear-eyed sense of where the national interest lies.
These tariffs will not be imposed until  12 March , which gives us time to undertake the dialogue that is already under way, to reach a judgment on the basis of the analysis that we have already done, and to ensure that our interlocuters in Washington and elsewhere are engaged in a constructive and mature dialogue.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps he has taken to improve access to patient care for people with Parkinson’s disease in Newcastle-under-Lyme constituency.
I welcome the Minister to her place.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his continued support for people with Parkinson’s disease, a condition that I know is close to his family.
This Government inherited long waits for neurology services, with only 53.4% of patients, including those with Parkinson’s, waiting less than 18 weeks for a referral in June.
Our elective reform plan will free up over 1 million appointments each year for those who really need them, including patients with Parkinson’s, and NHS England’s Getting It Right First Time programme continues to work with 27 specialised centres in England, including at University Hospitals of North Midlands.
I thank the Minister for her answer and congratulate her on her appointment.
Will she join me in paying tribute to my constituent Julie Hibbs, from Bradwell in Newcastle-under-Lyme, who has long campaigned for support for people with Parkinson’s, like her?
Will the Minister meet me and Julie to discuss the merits of adding Parkinson’s to the medical exemption list, and to discuss how we ensure that those with Parkinson’s get the support they need and deserve?
I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend and his constituent to discuss all of those matters of concern—I look forward to doing so as soon as my diary will allow.
The eyes are not only the windows to the soul, but a window to our health.
Last week I had the pleasure of meeting the team at Moorfields eye hospital who, alongside a team at University College London, have done some work on a simple retinal scan that can detect Parkinson’s disease seven years prior to any symptoms.
Does the Minister agree that optometry, eye care and eye health should be at the forefront of NHS England’s plan for integrated care, and that we should bring forward a national eye health strategy?
Yes, I would be more than happy to support that.
That is part and parcel of this Government’s aim to shift the NHS from hospitals to community.
What steps his Department is taking to improve access to mental health services.
After 14 years of Tory neglect and incompetence, we inherited a broken NHS, and nowhere is that more apparent than in our mental health services.
Too many people are waiting too long to access the care they need.
To fix that, we will recruit 8,500 more mental health workers; provide access to specialist mental health professionals in every school, as the hon.
Member has called for; roll out Young Futures hubs in communities; and modernise the Mental Health Act 1983.