We are absolutely committed to urgent treatment centres, which play a vital role in supporting patients, especially during periods of high demand.
I understand that this is temporary, and that the centre is running a pilot.
I know that my hon.
Friend will work closely with his local integrated care board to ensure that it serves his constituency adequately.
There are 153,000 people in the United Kingdom living with Parkinson’s, and one in 137 will be diagnosed during their lifetimes.
There are 18,000 new cases every year, 4,200 of them in Northern Ireland.
Does the Secretary of State agree that it is time we had a Parkinson’s charity, not just for England but for Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland as well?
As I always say, let us do it better together.
Where have I heard that before?
The hon.
Member knows that I will agree with him on the matter of the Union, but I also believe that we should work cross-border wherever we can, especially when it comes to important issues such as Parkinson’s.
We have to make better breakthroughs in research, treatment and, hopefully, finding a cure.
After 14 years of Conservative government, 77% of people in Derby cannot access an NHS dentist.
Can the Minister tell us what caused the rot to set in and how we can fill the cavities in provision?
I see what my hon.
Friend did there, and she should brace herself as we drill down into this answer.
The Conservative   party is the cause of the rot: spending on NHS dentistry fell by a staggering 18% between 2010 and 2024, so it is little wonder that dentistry is on its knees.
We will shortly set out plans to introduce supervised tooth brushing for three to five-year-olds in the most deprived communities, and we are working with the dental sector to implement our rescue plan.
New research from Marie Curie has found that 85% of public expenditure on people in the final year of life in Scotland is spent in hospitals and only 14% on community care.
The figures are very similar for England.
What work is being done to ensure a minimum standard of community treatment for people in the final year of life?
It is vital that we have a palliative and end of life care service that works and is on a sustainable footing.
I have had discussions with the sector.
We want to ensure that we do not have the cliff edge that we had at the end of last year.
The hon.
Gentleman is right to point to this, and we will report back in due course.
The Minister will be aware that the contract uplift for dentists is facing a near 11-month delay.
Can he confirm that dentists will be receiving their uplift?
What will be done to make sure that they receive enough money to cover the costs of NHS dentistry?
I can reassure my hon.
Friend on that point.
We implemented the contract uplift on  29 January .
Dentists will therefore be receiving their uplifted payments in March, backdated to  1 April 2024 .
For the first time in more than a decade, we have also increased payments for practices training a foundation dentist.
In Maldon, the number of patients per GP is already 50% above the number for England, and that will only increase with the amount of proposed house building.
GPs are struggling to cope with ever increasing costs, and I have one practice still undertaking so-called collective action.
Will the Government review the whole system of GP funding before it breaks down completely?
We are in negotiations about the future contract with the General Practitioners Committee England of the British Medical Association.
Those negotiations are proceeding, and the right hon.
Gentleman is right that we need serious reform; we will be pushing reforms through on that basis.