Friend is absolutely right that the issue is key, and that the results are worrying.
I know how proud my friends and family members were to become nurses, and what a great career nursing offered them.
We have to deliver on the promise of a good career, and build on that pride in being a nurse.
We absolutely recognise that we cannot rebuild the NHS without their skills and their high-quality critical and compassionate care.
Does the Minister believe that the NHS should expect biologically female nursing staff to get changed in front of biologically male colleagues who identify as female?
No.
What steps he is taking to help devolved Administrations reduce waiting lists.
I was delighted to work closely with the hon.
Gentleman when he was Minister for Health for Northern Ireland, and I am delighted to work with his successor.
I have met regularly with my counterparts in Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales since I took up office.
The Chancellor’s recent Budget meant a massive £26 billion-a-year boost for the health and social care services; thanks to the Barnett consequentials, the devolved Administrations will benefit from a major increase in their budgets—the biggest since devolution began.
I thank the Secretary of State for his answer.
Just over a year ago, the former Health Secretary wrote to counterparts in the devolved Administrations to offer patients from Wales and Scotland who were experiencing lengthy waits the option of treatment by providers in England.
The offer was declined, as it was seen as a political stunt.
Would the Secretary of State consider reviewing that offer, but this time including Northern Ireland, so that his call to offer the best of the NHS to the rest of the NHS can be shared across the entire nation?
I am absolutely committed to our working across the whole of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland on cross-border working and co-operation, where we can.
I have had constructive conversations, particularly with my counterpart in Wales, to that effect, and I would be delighted to work with my counterpart in Northern Ireland in the same spirit.
Despite our differing views on the future of the United Kingdom, I have had equally constructive discussions with my counterpart in Scotland, although he may not thank me for mentioning it.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Yesterday, we kicked off National HIV Testing Week.
Getting tested for HIV is quick, free and confidential.
I pay tribute to the leadership of my right hon.
and learned Friend the Prime Minister, who became the first leader in the history of the G7 to take an HIV test.
As a former member of the independent HIV Commission, I am determined that this Government will deliver on our commitment to end new transmissions of HIV in England by 2030.
We will set out our aim shortly in our new action plan, which will be developed by me and my brilliant new Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for West Lancashire (Ashley Dalton) .
Fourteen years of austerity have created a new stratum of society: the in-work poor.
Recent talk of ruthless cuts to social security is beyond alarming.
Does the Secretary of State agree that having a welfare system that covers the cost of essentials, as proposed by the Trussell Trust and the Joseph Rowntree Foundation, would alleviate hunger and hardship, and therefore relieve considerable strain on the NHS?
I am a product of the welfare state, and I remember the benefit system putting food in the fridge and money in the electric meter.
I also know from lived experience that people who are trapped in the benefits system want to escape.
The best way out of poverty is not through social security, important though that is, but through fair, decent work that pays.
That is the Government’s agenda.
Just a reminder that we are on topicals, folks.
I congratulate  the hon.