Friend the Minister believes in treating every human being with the dignity and respect they deserve—even the hon.
Gentleman.
Shortly after the election, the new Government announced £4.3 million for a new community mental health hub in Whitehaven.
Unfortunately, the local mental health trust  followed that decision by announcing the closure of the Yewdale ward for acute mental health services.
Does the Minister agree that we need to get early intervention right before we close acute services, and will he bring together a meeting to scrutinise that decision?
Integrated care boards are responsible for providing mental health services to meet the needs of their local populations.
As part of our plan for change, we will reduce delays and provide faster treatment.
We are working with NHS England to transform mental health services, shift care from hospitals to local communities, and increase access to support for people across the country, including in rural areas.
Insomnia affects many patients, including my constituents, who are being advised by their GPs to try cognitive behavioural therapy as an alternative to medication.
However, digital CBT programmes are not available on the NHS, leaving many without access to drug-free treatment.
Will the Minister outline what steps the Government are taking to ensure that patients have access to digital therapies, so that more people can get access to evidence-based, drug-free support?
The hon.
Gentleman hit the nail on the head when he mentioned the importance of evidence-based treatment.
As part of the Government’s shift from hospital to the community, from analogue to digital and from sickness to prevention, the NHS absolutely should be in this space, and we are considering those issues as we develop our 10-year plan for health.
The NHS South East London integrated care board provides services to my constituents, and I have discussed some ways in which we could better deliver services by redeveloping the Erith community hospital site in Northumberland Heath.
Is the Minister able to provide an outline of the Government’s plan to provide capital funding for expanding community services like those at Erith hospital?
I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend so that we can get into a bit more detail about what is happening in his constituency, but he is absolutely right to point to the need for more and better community health services.
That will be at the heart of our shift from hospital to community in the 10-year plan that we are delivering.
Health authorities in Devon are set to trial the relocation of a vital coronary service from Torbay to Exeter, which is 24 miles away.
Will the Minister meet me and fellow south Devon MPs who have grave concerns about the impact on patient safety?
It is important that people are able to get the right care in the right place at the right time, and I recognise the challenges, particularly in geographies such as Devon and Cornwall, which have more rural and remote communities.
In the first instance, I encourage the hon.
Gentleman to take this issue up with local health leaders and his integrated care board, but Ministers are always open to receiving representations beyond that if he needs further reassurance.
Before I call  the right hon.
Member for Goole and Pocklington (David Davis)  to ask his urgent question, I must remind hon.
Members of the House’s rule relating to matters sub judice: Members should not refer to any matter that is currently before the courts.
On  19 November , I granted a waiver in respect of the case of Dillon and others v. the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, given the issues of national importance raised by that case.
The waiver is ongoing, and Members may refer to the case in the House.
Given that the coroner’s verdicts and findings in relation to the Clonoe inquest have been published, I am content for that case to be discussed in the House.