Last week, the Secretary of State issued a new mandate for the NHS in which a number of mental health targets were dropped.
I accept that targets that drive perverse behaviours should be dropped and that some sharpened focus is necessary, but mental health waiting lists are at a record high, huge numbers of people are not at work because of poor mental health, and our young people are being let down badly by CAMHS, not least in my constituency of North Shropshire.
Does the Secretary of State accept that mental health targets should be reinstated and that mental health should be treated with equal priority to physical health?
What we know about targets is that if we try to overload a system with too many targets, it causes confusion and ends up with, as the hon.
Lady rightly says, perverse outcomes.
We are clear that we do not want to have a system based on just making policy by press release, as was the case under the previous Government, putting out press announcements about loads more targets.
It all makes for nice front-page headlines, but it does not lead to any serious delivery of the strategy that we need to deliver.
I am with her on the point about focus.
We are absolutely committed to mental health, as is set out in the planning guidance.
It is also one of the priorities in the planning guidance, and we will continue to deliver on that priority.
What discussions he has had with the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs on the UK’s leadership on global health and immunisation.
UK leadership on global health is critical to safeguarding our national and international health security, building resilience and creating prosperity.
I work closely with my counterparts across Government.
I recently met the Foreign Secretary to discuss these issues, which are also high on the agenda of the Minister for Development.
The UK has one of the largest vaccination programmes in the world, and our confidence and uptake rates are among the highest globally.
The NHS and the UK reap the benefits of our work in global health.
Gavi is one of the UK’s greatest success stories: it has inoculated 1 billion children worldwide, but it has also strengthened our health security, keeping us safe from diseases such as Mpox and Ebola.
What leadership will the Secretary of State and his Department take to strengthen organisations such as Gavi to keep us safe here in the UK?
The hon.
Member raises an important point.
I know that my ministerial colleagues in the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office are looking at the investment cases for Gavi and the Global Fund as part of the spending review.
I will ensure that her representations are relayed to the FCDO, and she is very welcome to make those points during oral questions to that Department.
I call the shadow Minister.
There were almost 67,000 cases of serious antimicrobial-resistant infections in the United Kingdom in 2023.
War is increasing such infections globally; 80% of patients in one Kyiv hospital in Ukraine are said to have such infections.
The Conservative Government had a plan to tackle that.
Do the Labour Government plan to follow that plan, are they on track to meet those targets, and if not, what will the Secretary of State do about it?
I am delighted that Dame Sally Davies continues her work on antimicrobial resistance.
That is an absolutely critical issue, and I pay tribute to the previous Government, particularly Minister Quince, for their work on it.
It is in the national interest that we maintain not just the national focus but the international focus on antimicrobial resistance, which is why UK leadership in those global fora is so important.
Another time when it is important to work together is during a pandemic, such as by sharing research.
Unfortunately, recent history tells us that when Labour negotiates, Britain loses out.