The day after the shooting, the Provisional IRA issued a statement boasting that the men were in the East Tyrone brigade and on active service.
Mr Speaker, you and I know the Bible, and it is very clear: live by the sword, die by the sword.
If you live by a machine gun that you use to shoot a police station, you die by a machine gun—that is the way that I see it.
For right-thinking people in Northern Ireland, and indeed throughout this United Kingdom, to be told that the use of lethal force was not justified flies in the face of common justice, and feeds the feeling that the judiciary are not just complicit but active in their rewriting of history.
What can the Secretary of State do to rectify that situation?
The findings of the coroner in this case stand for themselves and are on the record, and all of us are able to read them.
In answer to the hon.
Gentleman’s direct question about what the Government are doing, as I indicated to the House in my answer to  the right hon.
Member for Goole and Pocklington (David Davis) , the Ministry of Defence is, of course, giving very serious consideration to what the coroner had to say.
I am astonished by the coroner’s findings.
He was not asked to contemplate the question about why—getting inside the head of a soldier who is worried about whether they are going to be shot dead is very difficult.
I served in Northern Ireland and some of the decisions that we had to take were instantaneous.
There was no time to mull them over—it was either life or death.
I lost a very good friend, Captain Robert Nairac.
The Secretary of State says that the trouble with the last legacy Act was that it gave immunity to IRA members, but they already had immunity, not just through the letters of comfort but because they kept no records, so they cannot be prosecuted.
The only group that will be prosecuted will be soldiers, like myself, who never asked to go to Northern Ireland, but went because we were told to protect civilians, and who served their country.
They will be dragged in front of the courts because the Government seem not to care about them.
I say to the right hon.
Gentleman, who himself gave distinguished service, that I absolutely understand and recognise the point he forcefully makes about the circumstances in which our soldiers found themselves as part of Operation Banner.
They had seen their comrades killed and they did not know what they were going to face; as he rightly says, in those circumstances soldiers had to make very hard split-second decisions.
The coroner had a job to do.
He expressed his findings, Members of the House are expressing what they feel about those findings, and the Ministry of Defence is considering them.
It is right and proper that we stand by our armed forces, which is why the Government and the Ministry of Defence give support to veterans in those circumstances.
However, I would point out that many, many members of the Provisional IRA and the loyalist terrorist organisations were prosecuted, tried and convicted.
Based on the Secretary of State’s earlier comments, is it not now clear that the Secretary of State believes the Government cannot stand behind our brave soldiers in this instance because of our membership of the European convention on human rights?
Therefore, surely that is a perfect reason why we must leave the ECHR.
That is not the Government’s position.
The Government’s position is indeed to stand behind our brave armed services personnel—
By repealing the Bill.
By repealing the Bill, indeed, which has been found repeatedly to be unlawful.
I make no apology for saying to  the hon.
Member for Boston and Skegness (Richard Tice)  and to the House that this is a Government who uphold the European convention on human rights.