From the roundtable discussions, and from subsequent discussions we have been having with the sector, it is clear that we need to look at the long-term funding issue.
We faced a cliff edge towards the end of last year.
That is not the right way to do things.
We must start getting the funding discussions moving so that, well in advance of the end of this financial year, the funding situation for the palliative and hospice sector is much clearer.
What steps he is taking to reduce inequalities in healthcare.
Lord Darzi’s report laid bare the shocking health inequalities in our country.
It is completely unacceptable that in Britain in 2025, maternal mortality rates for black women are more than double those of white women and life expectancy at birth for females in Blackpool is eight years less than in Kensington and Chelsea.
Reducing inequalities in elective care was identified as a key priority in the planning guidance and mandate that the NHS published last month, and further measures to address these inequalities in our country will be at the heart of our 10-year health plan, which will be published in the spring.
In 2013, the then coalition Government reduced the health inequalities weighting in the NHS formula, with the result that less money went to deprived areas.
That was despite evidence that between 2001 and 2011, every £10 million invested in such areas resulted in four fewer men and two fewer women dying early.
Can my hon.
Friend reassure Government Members that that health inequalities weighting will be reinstated so that we can ensure that deprived areas get the funding they need and that lives are saved?
The Government mandate to NHS England was published on  30 January  and makes the importance of tackling health inequalities clear.
NHS England has an existing programme that targets the most deprived 20% of the population, with the aim of reducing health inequalities.
I can reassure my hon.
Friend, who has been a determined campaigner on inequalities, that the health inequalities weighting has not been withdrawn.
The funding in question, which amounted to £200 million, has been incorporated into the main integrated care board allocation.
The weighting of that health inequalities adjustment has been increased from 10% to 10.2%, so that the ICBs still benefit from that extra investment, with funding redistributed to areas with the poorest health outcomes, based on measures of avoidable mortality provided by the Office for National Statistics.
I welcome the hon.
Lady to her position.
She may be unaware of the number of debates that I have led into women’s health and endometriosis and pelvic mesh, and there is an inequality in the health service with how women are treated.
Many women are deeply concerned by the announcements and statements about how the concentration on women’s health has been reduced.
Will the Minister speak to the president of the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists?
Following that meeting, will she speak to the Secretary of State, who rightly says that he recognises when mistakes have been made, about reconsidering the approach to women’s health taken in the statement the other week?
The Darzi review highlighted that there were too many targets set for the NHS, which made it hard for local systems to prioritise actions.
There has been no reduction in women’s health services.
The Government are committed to prioritising women’s health as we build an NHS that is fit for the future, and women’s equality will be at the heart of our missions.
Women’s health hubs, which provide integrated women’s health services in the community, have a key role in tackling the inequalities faced by women.
The Department has invested £25 million over 2023-24 and 2024-25 to support the establishment of at least one pilot women’s health hub in every integrated care system.
Whether he has had discussions with NHS England on including vasa praevia screening as part of antenatal care.
I thank my hon.