Too many people are waiting too long to access the care they need.
To fix that, we will recruit 8,500 more mental health workers; provide access to specialist mental health professionals in every school, as the hon.
Member has called for; roll out Young Futures hubs in communities; and modernise the Mental Health Act 1983.
With the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Bill being amended to include a panel that will involve psychiatrists who will determine whether a request for assisted dying should be granted, as well as a number of cross-party amendments rightly calling for the involvement of mental health professionals earlier in the process, what assessment have Ministers made of whether there is sufficient capacity in mental health services, which the Minister has just noted are overstretched, to meet those demands, and on the potential knock-on impact on both waiting times and treatments for those with mental health conditions?
The hon.
Lady will know that the Government’s position on the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Bill is one of neutrality.
I am on the Bill Committee simply to speak about the Government’s position on the workability and operationalisation of the Bill.
We look forward to seeing the amendment that will be brought forward by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Spen Valley (Kim Leadbeater) .
Any comment we make or position we take will be based on the operationalisation of that amendment, should it become part of the Bill and, ultimately, should the Bill gain Royal Assent.
Thurrock community hospital does fantastic work on integrated care, particularly on integrated mental health care.
On a visit, representatives said that what makes the hospital successful is a commitment to working across integrated care boards, the local authority and other relevant partners in the community, as well as a commitment to meeting people where they are, finding out what is important for them and working from there.
Does the Minister see that model as integral to the reform of mental health care in this country?
Will he join me on a visit to Thurrock community hospital to see what it does and what can be learned from how that work is undertaken?
My hon.
Friend is a doughty campaigner on this issue in her constituency.
She is right that the integration of services is crucial to ensuring that we get the best possible outcomes for people who are struggling with their mental health.
I would be very happy to discuss with her the possibility of me visiting her constituency.
Is the Minister aware of the brilliant work done by Mersey Care NHS foundation trust in reducing in-patient mental health suicides to zero, which is an extraordinary achievement.
Under a former Health Secretary, who may be standing not a million miles away from where I am standing now, that became an objective for all mental health in-patient units across the NHS.
Will the Minister look into whether that objective still stands?
If not, can it be reinstated?
I am not familiar with the detail of the case that the right hon.
Gentleman mentions, but it sounds like a positive and interesting development, and I would be happy to consider it further.
The Government are committed to delivering the cross-sector suicide prevention strategy for England, published in 2023.
The 8,500 new mental health workers who we will recruit will be specially trained to support people at risk.
I am regularly contacted by constituents who are concerned that their children are not receiving the mental health care they need.
Having met GPs in Winsford, I know that there are clear concerns that access to child and adolescent mental health services is being rationed to the point that it has become almost inaccessible to all but the most severe cases.
Will my hon.
Friend tell me what progress has been made towards our commitment to provide specialist mental health professionals in schools, ensuring that there is early intervention that prevents issues from escalating?