By repealing the Bill, indeed, which has been found repeatedly to be unlawful.
I make no apology for saying to  the hon.
Member for Boston and Skegness (Richard Tice)  and to the House that this is a Government who uphold the European convention on human rights.
I recognise that some people say we should leave, which would put us in the same position as some other countries around the world with which I would not want the United Kingdom to find itself associated.
The point about the European convention is that its rights are for every single citizen: those rights may accord people with a decision that Members of the House disagree with today, but tomorrow they may protect the rights of every single one of us.
That is why we are committed to the ECHR.
How will the Secretary of State ensure that veterans who served their country with distinction will not be hounded through the courts over events that may or may not have happened decades before?
As history shows, decisions about potential prosecutions are taken by independent prosecutors.
Such decisions are not determined by the Government; independent prosecutors have to take decisions on the basis of the evidence and then courts have to decide whether they are going to convict or not.
That is called the rule of law.
A distinguished former Defence Secretary, Ben Wallace, set out very clearly that the British Army believes in the rule of law and is held to the highest standards, and I agree with him.
I also agree with what the newly appointed veterans commissioner in Northern Ireland had to say about that in the comments that were reported over the weekend.
There is tangible anger in Northern Ireland over this preposterous verdict, and the Secretary of State’s limp response today will not assuage that anger.
This is a Secretary of State who wants to see IRA godfather Gerry Adams paid compensation because the wrong Minister signed his detention order 50 years ago.
This is a Secretary of State who has today defended the retention of a coronary system that, time without number, puts the security forces in the dock, but never the terrorists.
Little wonder that confidence in the Secretary of State is haemorrhaging in Northern Ireland, and this response only underscores why.
As I made clear at Northern Ireland questions recently, the Supreme Court issued a judgment on the interim custody orders relating to internment in 2020.
The previous Government knew there was a problem and, for quite a long period of time, was unable to find a solution.
In the end, the solution—sections 46 and 47 of the legacy Act—has been found to be unlawful, but I have given an undertaking from the Dispatch Box that we are looking at all lawful means to prevent compensation from being paid in those circumstances.
I believe that we are taking the right approach to the legacy Act.
On coroners, I say for, I think, the third time that if we have an inquest system that we support and that applies right across the piece, it is not possible to write legislation that says, “We will have the verdicts, judgments and findings that we like, but we will not have the findings that we do not like.”
That is a decision—[Interruption.]
Independent coroners make those decisions in respect of individual cases.
I feel the anger of many Members of the House—[Interruption.]
Will the hon.
and learned Gentleman let me finish answering the question that he put?
I feel the anger that is being expressed in the House, but we have an independent legal system in this country, which is one of the foundations of our freedom.
The IRA itself claimed the terrorists shot by the security forces at Clonoe, describing their actions that night as being “active service”.