The Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill is being introduced today.
That puts children’s interests at the heart of Government policy and I hope it will be supported across the House.
Labour promised not to raise taxes on working people, but farmers are some of the hardest-working people I know.
Peter Douglas from Jedburgh has looked at the details of this policy and he says that Labour’s inheritance tax increase will prevent him passing on his family farm to his son and daughter.
They say Labour has betrayed them and cannot trust the Prime Minister to keep his word.
They’ve got a point, haven’t they?
If the hon.
Gentleman would kindly pass the details of the individual case he has raised to my team, we will look into it.
As he knows, we put a record £5 billion into farming over the next two years in the Budget.
Just two weeks ago, £350 million was put in to support farmers.
That contrasts with the £300 million underspend of the last Government on farming.
In a typical case, the threshold is £3 million, which means that the vast majority of farmers will be unaffected, but I will look into the individual case he has raised with me.
I recently  spoke to a man in Worksop whose son’s arm was badly broken when he was knocked off his bicycle by an off-road biker speeding on the pavement—dressed in black, no number plate, totally unidentifiable.
The young boy no longer goes out to play.
His experience is not unique.
What action is being taken to smash the bikes, and put police back on our streets?
I am glad my hon.
Friend has raised that, because off-road bikes were a complete nuisance under the last Government and got completely  out of control.
We are introducing new respect orders to crack down on off-road bikes, strengthening police powers in relation to dealing with this big problem that got out of control under the last Government.
We will also deliver 13,000 more neighbourhood police to ensure that we keep control of our streets—something that was lost under the last Government.
Last week, the royal borough of Windsor and Maidenhead announced plans to hike council tax by an unprecedented 25%.
That would require the Government’s permission.
Does the Prime Minister agree that this outrageous request should be rejected, that the borough might be a candidate for accelerated local government reorganisation, and that my constituents should not be footing the bill for the persistent weak financial control and political failure locally?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising that issue on behalf of his constituents.
We are, as he knows, committed to fixing the foundations of local government and keeping taxes as low as possible for working people.
The Budget announced a real-terms increase for local government, with over £4 billion of added funding.
We will put that support in place, and he is right to raise that issue.
We have in our NHS many brilliant émigré and refugee surgeons from the greatly troubled middle east, and I have been privileged to work alongside some of them from Iran, Iraq and from Syria, which we think especially now.
What practical measures can the UK take to help ensure that Syria now has the best chance of becoming an open society and the second functional democracy in the region?
I thank my hon.
Friend for drawing attention to the people of Syria and to the health workers of all backgrounds who do vital work in our NHS.
The fall of Assad’s brutal regime is to be welcomed and should be welcomed, but we must be cautious about what comes next.
We have provided £50 million of extra support to vulnerable Syrians and I have spoken to G7 leaders to work towards a Syrian Government that respects international law, universal human rights and protects all citizens across all sectors.