The hon.
Gentleman specifically asks about the situation of the migrants, and we recognise and are carefully considering this week’s judgment, but I make it clear that this Government inherited a deeply troubling situation that remained unresolved under the last Administration, four years after the migrants’ arrival on Diego Garcia.
I believe that the shadow Foreign Secretary was Home Secretary when the migrants first arrived, and the situation went unresolved.
We were absolutely clear that the situation was unsustainable, and we worked at pace to resolve it.
We will carefully consider the judgment of that court.
Those of us who have spoken to the American military know the importance of this base.
Will the Minister confirm that he said that, since the agreement was announced, the American military and security services have raised no concerns with this Government?
Yes, indeed.
As far as I am aware, that is the case.
In fact, the opposite is true.
There has been a warm welcome for this agreement from across the United States security apparatus because it puts this base and our shared operations on a secure footing into the future.
I remind the House again that that is the very reason why this Government acted and, indeed, why the previous Foreign Secretary started the process in the first place, so we are told.
Let’s go over to James Cleverly, then.
Will the Minister answer this with a simple yes or no?
Did the Prime Minister,  the right hon.
and learned Member for Holborn and St Pancras (Keir Starmer) , have any conversations with Philippe Sands KC about Diego Garcia without the presence of Foreign Office or other Government civil servants?
Yes or no?
I do not have details of all the Prime Minister’s meetings.
I am sure the right hon.
Gentleman can ask the Prime Minister that question himself.
For those of us who have served for the US military, who retain genuine and close links with the US military, and who know that this issue does not bring about the concern that others are trying to conflate with it, will the Minister say what his view is on how it is seen by our US military friends?
I praise my hon.
Friend for his service and work.
I am very clear: our allies in the United States and, indeed, our other allies who rely on   the important guarantees that the base provides are supportive of the deal.
It has been supported across the security apparatus at every level and that is absolutely crucial.
We would not have signed up to a deal if it did not protect our interests and those of our closest ally.
I call the Father of the House.
Can the Minister enlighten us as to the attitude on the deal of the incoming Trump Administration?
Does he know, or shall I ask  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage) ?
We very much welcome, as I have said before, the election of President-elect Trump and Vice President-elect Vance.
During the transition period, there are restrictions on what conversations can go on.
As I have said repeatedly in the House, we are confident that when the full details of the deal are provided by the US national security apparatus, any concerns will be allayed.
I know that the Minister is a strong supporter of the overseas territories, as are the Foreign Secretary and the Prime Minister.
Despite this being documented already in the House and in Gibraltar, to avoid any doubt or further scaremongering, and for Members on the Opposition Benches, will the Minister once again confirm that this Government are completely committed to supporting the right of self-determination for the people of Gibraltar and the Falklands?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her important work on Gibraltar, as I thank you for yours, Mr Speaker.