I have to ask this fundamental question: if there was not a problem, why did his Government start negotiations on this?
I think we can forgive our overseas territories for being a little concerned about this Government’s commitment to their right to self-determination.
Those of us who, like me, are a bit older and have long memories will remember when the previous Labour Government opened negotiations with the Spanish Government over the future of Gibraltar.
But what I am more interested in today is having reassurance from the Minister that any decision will be well informed, so can he say which of his Ministers has visited the British Indian Ocean Territory?
I like the right hon.
Lady, but I have to say that I find it extremely unhelpful the way that the Falklands, Gibraltar and other overseas territories, which are not comparable with this situation, are constantly brought up.
I have just been with the leaders at the Joint Ministerial Council—Mr Speaker, you graciously hosted a reception as well—and we were absolutely resolute in our commitment to the Falklands and Gibraltar.
I have been there and said it myself directly on the Rock.
The Minister of State for the Armed Forces has just been in the Falklands saying exactly the same thing to the Falkland Islanders.
I can tell you, Mr Speaker, they are getting fed up with the nonsense that we are hearing about this.
It is hugely problematic for their interests going forward.
I refer Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Surely the Minister must accept, though, that the timing of this announcement was one of the biggest diplomatic gaffes of modern times.
It came literally hours before a general election was called.
There was a widespread perception in Mauritius that this Government were trying to give a leg up to a very unpopular sitting Government who subsequently scored zero out of 60 directly elected seats in the Mauritian Parliament.
Does he not agree that it is wholly appropriate that the new Labour Mauritian Government would be wary of the intentions of his Government?
I simply do not recognise the right hon.
Member’s characterisation.
Can the Minister update the House on the measures being taken to safeguard against the emergence of Chinese military and surveillance capabilities in the British Indian Ocean Territory?
I have been very clear that, within the agreement, there are provisions to ensure the security of the outer islands.
This deal would not have been agreed by the United States security apparatus or, indeed, by us were it to give that kind of benefit to another country.
I have been very clear about the position of Mauritius in relation to China, and there are provisions and safeguards in place that should allay any fears on that matter.
The Minister did not seem to answer the questions raised by the shadow Foreign Secretary, so may I ask this just one more time: from which budget do the Government plan to make the annual payments that he is proposing to the Mauritian Government?
I have been very, very clear—[Laughter].
Conservative Members can guffaw all they like, but I will give the answers that relate to the facts here and that relate to the national security interests of this country.
The previous Government were involved in 11 rounds of negotiations and they failed to achieve a deal.
We achieved that deal.
We will provide further details in due course.
Yet again, this new Labour Government rushed into an ill-judged and regrettable policy decision: to cede the British Indian Ocean Territory to Mauritius, against expert advice and with no regard to the wishes of Chagossians in this country and elsewhere.
It is like the Government’s awful policies on scrapping the winter fuel payment for pensioners, the heartless family farms tax, and their jobs tax.