Will the Minister write to the Oxford Union and say that antisemitism has no place in our society, especially not in our universities?
The Government could not have been clearer about our position on antisemitism: there is no place for antisemitism in our society, nor for any form of racism.
That applies whether it is in educational settings or in any other part of our society, and that has been made very clear indeed.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 18 December.
Yesterday I met the brave men and women serving on HMS Iron Duke and the troops serving in Operation Cabrit in Estonia.
This Christmas, as every Christmas, members of our armed forces will be serving overseas, working day and night to protect Britain’s national security.
I know that the whole House will join me in sending our deepest thanks to them, to our emergency services and to everyone working to keep the country safe over the festive period.
Mr Speaker, may I also take this opportunity, at the end of the year, to thank you and the House staff for all your hard work this year, and can I wish everyone across the House a merry Christmas and a happy new year?
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
May I associate myself with the Prime Minister’s remarks?
In 2021, Ceri and Frances Menai-Davis, who live in my constituency of North East Hertfordshire and are in the Gallery today, tragically lost their son, Hugh, at the age of just six to a rare form of cancer.
Now they are courageously campaigning to ensure that every parent who must leave work to look after a sick child in hospital gets the financial support they need from day one.
Will the Prime Minister meet them and me to discuss implementing Hugh’s law, and giving their son a legacy that improves the lives of families at the most difficult time imaginable?
Can I pay tribute to Ceri and Frances—it is a heartbreaking case—and commend them for their campaign on behalf of other families?
I know that the Minister for Social Security and Disability met the family yesterday, but no parent should endure losing their child to cancer, particularly at such a young age.
We are investing £1.5 billion for new surgical hubs and scanners, and £70 million for new radiotherapy machines, and we will set out our next steps on the children and young people cancer taskforce shortly.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
Can I send my warmest wishes to our armed forces at home and overseas, to the emergency services, and to everyone who will be working over Christmas?
Can I wish you, Mr Speaker, the House staff and all Members of this House a very merry Christmas?
For years, the Prime Minister and his Cabinet played politics with the WASPI women—the Women Against State Pension Inequality Campaign.
The Deputy Prime Minister said the Conservatives were stealing their pensions.
She promised to compensate them in full—another broken promise.
Now, they admit that we were right all along.
But let us ask about another group of pensioners whose trust was broken.
Since the Chancellor cut winter fuel payments, how many extra people have applied for pension credit?
The No.
1 job of this Government was to put the finances back in order after the last Government lost control.
They left a £22 billion black hole and we had to take tough choices.
We made sure that the most vulnerable pensioners do get the winter fuel payment, and we have been encouraging them, driving up eligibility for pension credit and people signing up to their entitlement.
The Leader of the Opposition should join that campaign.
Here is the difference: because we have stabilised the economy, we can commit to the triple lock.