We will provide further details in due course.
Yet again, this new Labour Government rushed into an ill-judged and regrettable policy decision: to cede the British Indian Ocean Territory to Mauritius, against expert advice and with no regard to the wishes of Chagossians in this country and elsewhere.
It is like the Government’s awful policies on scrapping the winter fuel payment for pensioners, the heartless family farms tax, and their jobs tax.
Will the Government show some leadership, admit that they have got this wrong, scrap the deal and keep this vital territory under British control, to protect UK interests, the marine environment and ultimately global security in an increasingly unstable and dangerous world?
I gently suggest that the hon.
Gentleman spends a bit more time reflecting on the failures of his Administration on this and a series of other issues, from the public finances to our national security.
This Government are clearing up the mess that his party left behind on not only this issue but so many others.
I thank the Minister for his answers; however, I am a sponsor of the British Indian Ocean Territory (Citizenship) Bill, which calls for descendants born to individuals within the British Indian Ocean Territory to be able to register as BIOT.
There is now an even greater imperative because of the Chagos decision, which was made with no input from local people.
What discussions will take place with those who consider themselves British?
The Chagossians seem not to be assured, so what will be done to ensure that they receive all the necessary information in a timely manner, and will not get answers to their questions through news media outlets?
I have a deep respect for the hon.
Gentleman.
As I have said a number of times, the Government deeply regret the way that Chagossians were removed from the islands and treated thereafter.
We have always been clear on respecting the interests of Chagossian communities.
I have engaged, and will continue to engage, with Chagossian communities.
Their interests are at the heart of the deal, from the trust fund to the ability to resettle on and visit the islands, and a series of other measures that we have taken here in the United Kingdom.
I am confident that their interests are being respected.
The Government were elected on a mandate of change, to deliver a new era of economic growth and national renewal, and reverse the years of failure and decline that we inherited.
Through the tough decisions that we took in the Budget, we prevented a return to austerity while protecting working people’s payslips.
The plan for change that the Prime Minister unveiled earlier this month is the next stage on the journey of reform—a plan to kick-start growth and get Britain building again, putting more money in people’s pockets and delivering 1.5 million new homes, good jobs and opportunities for all.
Just this week, we announced our plans to rebuild and reform local government, and to empower local leaders to deliver that change so that the benefits are felt in every community.
We cannot do this alone.
We need strong, empowered local government to work with us, as equal partners in a new relationship.
Public service is our collective duty, but after a decade of cuts, fiscal mismanagement and the failure of the previous Government to fix the foundations, it is a fact that councils of all political stripes are in crisis.
The broken local audit system in England and the scandal of the unacceptable backlog that led to the recent whole of Government accounts disclaimer further illustrate the dire straits of the system and the legacy that we must reconcile.
The Prime Minister gets this.
As a former director of a critical public service, he knows that reform is vital, and so does the Deputy Prime Minister, having worked on the frontline as a home care worker, seeing the human impact every single day.