What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help tackle the potential impact of socioeconomic disadvantage on future earnings.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help tackle the potential impact of socioeconomic disadvantage on future earnings.
This Government are determined to break the link between background and success.
Through the opportunity mission and the child poverty taskforce, we will break down the barriers to opportunity for all, by setting up every child for the best start in life, helping them to achieve and thrive, and building skills for opportunity and growth, so that background is no barrier to success.
Research from the Bloody Good Period campaign shows that one in five women and girls is now experiencing period poverty, so not only is there a socioeconomic disadvantage, but a further gender penalty.
This gender-based injustice costs the UK billions—some £3.3 billion—in lost work annually.
Will the Minister tell the House what the Government are doing to tackle period poverty, and are there plans for the taskforce on this to reconvene?
We are tackling the root causes of poverty through measures to make work pay by boosting the living wage and investing in our public services, so that no one, including women, have to go without the essentials.
There are also lots of great programmes that support women and girls with period products, such as the scheme in my own Department, which provides free products in education settings.
Proper paternity and maternity pay are essential for breaking the link between current income and further life opportunities for families.
Currently, one in five fathers does not take the paternity leave available to them because it is financially inadequate.
Inadequate paternity leave drives family inequality, increases the gender pay gap as women pick up greater caring responsibilities, and lowers household income.
Does the Minister agree that, while the Conservative party might think that paid parental leave is too high, we on the Labour Benches recognise its crucial role in giving children the best start in life?
What actions are Ministers considering to better support parents and families?
I strongly agree with my hon.
Friend that, while the Conservatives have said that they think parental leave is excessive, we want to give families more choices.
Through the Employment Rights Bill, we will make paternity leave available from day one in a new job and enable it to be taken after shared parental leave.
We are also committed to reviewing the parental leave system to ensure that it better supports working families.
Independent research from the Social Mobility Foundation highlights a stark class pay gap, with professionals from working-class backgrounds earning, on average, 12% less than their more privileged counterparts in the same roles, and one in 10 people from lower socioeconomic backgrounds finding it difficult to get higher-skilled managerial and professional occupations.
Despite the fact that socioeconomic background remains one of the biggest determinants in chances for life for young people in this country, few large organisations monitor it.
Will the Minister consider mandating larger organisations to monitor socioeconomic backgrounds, so that we can properly highlight social mobility and give it the attention that it deserves?
I share my hon.
Friend’s concern in this area, which is why we are committed to enacting the socioeconomic duty of the Equality Act 2010, and we shall give more information on this in due course.
I also encourage businesses and organisations to collect data where they can, so that we can take action to tackle some of those deep-rooted inequalities that my hon.
Friend describes.
Merry Christmas to you and yours, Mr Speaker.
There is a clear link between low household income and poorer educational outcomes leading to reduced future earnings.
In Stoke-on-Trent, median pay is nearly £70 less per week than the England average.