When you say “you”, you mean me.
I have no ownership of this decision.
That is fair enough, Mr Speaker.
If we respect the sovereignty of Gibraltar and the Falkland Islands, on the basis that it is what the people want, can we have a referendum of all the eligible Chagossians and let them decide the future sovereignty of the Chagos islands?
That, surely, is the only fair solution.
We have been very clear that these negotiations are between the United Kingdom and Mauritius, and I have set out in the past the reasons for that.
The interests of the Chagossians are absolutely at the heart of this agreement, and as I have said, I have repeatedly engaged with them.
The hon.
Gentleman continues to speculate, but with the greatest of respect, he does not know the detail of what has been agreed.
He does not know the detail of what has been shared.
And he does not know the detail that the national security apparatus of the United States has considered.
I am confident that his concerns will be allayed once he sees the detail of this deal.
Merry Christmas, Mr Speaker.
The Minister says that views across the Chagossian community are mixed.
In my experience, Mr Speaker, when politicians say that, they are simply choosing the views that they want to hear.
Will the Minister take the opportunity that has been given by the incoming Mauritian Government to take a breathing space in which he can consult formally and in a structured way with the Chagossians to find out what they want?
I have engaged with the Chagossian community twice in recent months, as I have made clear in answers to a number of parliamentary questions tabled by the right hon.
Gentleman’s colleagues.
The interest of the Chagossians will continue to be at the heart of this agreement, and I take their concerns very seriously.
I am being quite honest, Mr Speaker, that there are a range of views: some oppose the deal; and some are in favour of it.
That is completely natural in a democratic process.
Let us go to a long-term campaigner, Jeremy Corbyn.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Having been a member of the Chagos Islands (British Indian Ocean Territory) all-party parliamentary group ever since it was founded and had a lot of interaction with Chagossians over the past 25 years, I can assure the Minister that I have met many Chagossians in this country and in Mauritius.
They were abominably treated and short-changed by the deal of 1968 and then later removed from the islands.
Their one unifying cause is the right of return and settlement, and I hope the Minister will confirm that that right will be upheld.
I understand all the negotiations surrounding the base, but there is no reason why they should not include the right of at least visiting, if not residing on, Diego Garcia itself.
The International Court of Justice was very clear that the decolonisation process was not properly carried out by Britain in the 1960s, when Mauritius achieved its independence, and that has to be made right.
That has been voted on by the ICJ, voted on by the UN General Assembly, and endorsed by the Security Council.
Is any more evidence necessary to indicate that it is clearly part of Mauritius, and that Chagossians have rights within Mauritius as well as on the Chagos Islands, where hopefully they will be able to return?
I agree with the right hon.
Member’s characterisation of what happened to the Chagossians in the past.
It is a matter of deep regret for this Government,  and, indeed, I think that regret is shared across the House.
As I have said, we will have the interests of the Chagossians at the heart of this agreement.
He is right to characterise the range of views across the Chagossian communities in response to the question that has just been put to me.