It is a matter of deep regret for this Government,  and, indeed, I think that regret is shared across the House.
As I have said, we will have the interests of the Chagossians at the heart of this agreement.
He is right to characterise the range of views across the Chagossian communities in response to the question that has just been put to me.
I can confirm that the programme of visits will include the ability to visit all the islands, including Diego Garcia, with the appropriate safeguards in place.
I hope, too, for a resettlement of the outer islands.
A provision certainly exists for that to happen, and I think that that is one of the most likely scenario in which Chagossians can finally return to those outer islands.
The Minister is trying to say that nothing has changed on this deal, yet media reports suggest that the new Prime Minister of Mauritius believes that the deal is not good enough, and the Minister is now saying that it is the same deal.
Clearly, there is something that we are not being told in this House.
Either the amount of money that we are paying for the rental of the space will have to increase, or some terms and conditions have changed.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for ensuring that this House can scrutinise the position.
The Minister should have given a statement to that effect, rather than having to have an urgent question.
Can we therefore pause this process to allow the Chagossians to have their say and to look at what the incoming American Government have to say, and then, before we proceed with this giveaway, make sure that everyone is in agreement?
The Prime Minister of Mauritius has made it very clear in his exchange of letters with the Prime Minister of this country and also in his statement yesterday that they are willing to conclude an agreement with us.
That is very clear.
Therefore, on the fundamentals, nothing has changed.
We are engaged in conversation.
It is only natural that, after an election, they would want to do that and to be able to scrutinise the agreement.
That is entirely proper.
That is why officials have been having these conversations, but I will not give a running commentary on private discussions.
I know the Minister will want to give the House the greatest possible clarity on what has brought us to this point.
The Foreign Secretary has been clear that one of the central considerations for the Government was the likelihood, if not the inevitability, of a binding legal judgment against the UK in this matter.
The Minister will know that the judgments of the International Court of Justice are not binding on the United Kingdom when disputes are between the UK and another state which is or was a member of the Commonwealth.
That would include Mauritius.
I do not expect the Minister to disclose the legal advice that the Government have received, but will he please give the House some more clarity about the nature of the legal jeopardy that the Government perceive here?
I will not, for that very reason, go into that type of advice.
The right hon.
and learned Member knows that from his extensive and distinguished experience on these matters.
I have to ask this fundamental question: if there was not a problem, why did his Government start negotiations on this?
I think we can forgive our overseas territories for being a little concerned about this Government’s commitment to their right to self-determination.
Those of us who, like me, are a bit older and have long memories will remember when the previous Labour Government opened negotiations with the Spanish Government over the future of Gibraltar.