As it is Christmas, will the Prime Minister join me in congratulating Chris Middleton, who wrote a charity song to support Age UK that has already raised £10,000?
What is even better is that it is likely to beat the leader of the Lib Dems’ single to No.
1 this year, proving yet again that the Lib Dems cannot win—something that I hope we can both agree on.
I am not going to adjudicate between the contending singles for the top of the charts, but I end this Question Time by wishing a happy Christmas and a peaceful new year to everyone across the House.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs if he will provide an update on the negotiations between His Majesty’s Government and the Government of Mauritius over the future sovereignty of the British Indian Ocean Territory.
I thank the right hon.
Lady for her question.
We welcome yesterday’s reiteration by Prime Minister Ramgoolam of his willingness to conclude a deal with the UK.
We are confident that the agreement is in both sides’ shared interests, and we will continue working with the new Mauritian Government to finalise the deal.
Prime Minister Ramgoolam’s comments follow his commitment to completing the negotiations, following his election, in an exchange of letters with the Prime Minister.
As part of the usual Government-to-Government engagement, the Prime Minister’s BIOT envoy, Jonathan Powell, met PM Ramgoolam in late November to start the process, and that was followed last week by a visit to Mauritius by the UK’s chief negotiator Harriet Mathews and other officials for the talks.
Those talks were productive, and it is completely understandable that the new Mauritian Government will want time to study the details.
It would not be appropriate or usual for me to give a running commentary on what was discussed during routine and private engagements, nor on any potential future engagements.
I am confident, however, that we have agreed a good and fair deal that is in both sides’ interests.
It protects the base at proportionate cost; it has been supported across the national security architecture in the United States and by India for those very reasons.
As I have said a number of times in this House, the treaty will contain clear commitments on robust security arrangements, including preventing the presence of foreign security forces on the outer islands and ensuring the base can continue to operate securely and effectively.
The agreement is subject to finalising a treaty.
Following signature, the Government will bring forward a Bill to enable implementation of that treaty.
Both Houses of Parliament will have the opportunity to scrutinise that treaty before ratification.
Thank you for granting this urgent question, Mr Speaker.
Once again Ministers have been reluctantly dragged to the House—in fact, I have just seen the Foreign Secretary leg it.
In a world of increasing danger, change and uncertainty, why are they so keen to surrender this strategic asset?
We have been repeatedly told by Ministers that this is a good deal and that it has the support of the national security apparatus—we keep hearing that, but where is the evidence to justify those hollow claims?
If the deal is so good, why have the Government been so secretive about the details?
Can the Minister explain?
I am sorry that the Foreign Secretary has abandoned the House and not even come to this statement, because yet again we are responding to media reports.
Can the Minister confirm that we will be able to extend the lease on the military base after 99 years, as reported?
Will we  and the US still have full autonomy of operations?
What safeguards will be in place to stop other countries, including China, trying to establish themselves on the base or near the military base on Diego Garcia?