Despite this being documented already in the House and in Gibraltar, to avoid any doubt or further scaremongering, and for Members on the Opposition Benches, will the Minister once again confirm that this Government are completely committed to supporting the right of self-determination for the people of Gibraltar and the Falklands?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her important work on Gibraltar, as I thank you for yours, Mr Speaker.
I have said this before and I will confirm again that we are absolutely and resolutely committed to the sovereignty and self-determination of Gibraltar and the Falkland Islands.
Indeed, I enjoyed meeting our overseas territories family at the Joint Ministerial Council just a few weeks ago.
It is truly baffling that such decent Ministers have allowed themselves to be bamboozled by the blob.
Will the Minister confirm that this is not being rushed through in advance of the takeover of the White House by an incoming President in one month’s time?
If, in one month’s time, that new President says that this is a terrible deal, will it be too late to change it?
The right hon.
Gentleman knows that I have immense respect for him and his work in this House.
I take issue with his choice of words.
We have incredible officials in this Government who have loyally served Governments from parties on both sides of this House.
They work incredibly hard to defend the national security and interests of this country.
If anything, this was not rushed at all: there were 11 rounds of negotiations under the Government of the right hon.
Gentleman’s party.
We got in and we got a deal done that protects our national security and our interests.
What assurances can the Minister provide Parliament about the scrutiny that the agreements, which will be struck in due course, will receive?
As I have said a number of times in the House, the treaty, once signed, will go through the normal procedures in the House.
I confirmed that in my answer to  the right hon.
Member for Witham (Priti Patel) .
There will be the opportunity for ample scrutiny by both Houses and legislation will be laid in due course.
The Minister gets ahead of himself.
He says the Government have moved at pace to resolve the situation; the situation is not resolved.
He criticises the last Government for not securing a deal; his deal is not secured either.
The last time we talked about this, we talked about the President-elect not being keen on the deal and the Chagossians not being properly consulted on it.
When will he come back to the House on this situation and tell us something positive about this cack-handed deal?
I have repeatedly stated a number of positive things, including the support for Chagossians that will be inherent in the deal.
The positive fact is that after 11 rounds of failed negotiations under the previous Government, we achieved and have done a deal.
We are confident that that deal will be supported by our partners and we will continue to present details of it in due course.
Does the Minister agree that confirming the legal status of the base, which was left outstanding by the previous Government, will cement our role in the Indo-Pacific and provide an important pillar in our strategy to counter Chinese influence in the area?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Despite the attempts to constantly whip up the idea about Chinese influence, the deal contains specific precautions to prevent foreign forces.
I remind the House again that Mauritius was one of the only countries that did not join the belt and road initiative.
Its ally is India, not China.
The Government clearly want to dismantle legacies of empire.