Merry Christmas to you and yours, Mr Speaker.
There is a clear link between low household income and poorer educational outcomes leading to reduced future earnings.
In Stoke-on-Trent, median pay is nearly £70 less per week than the England average.
Does the Minister agree that tackling regional income inequalities is critical if we are to promote social mobility and to enable all of our people to succeed in life?
I agree with my hon.
Friend that it is absolutely crucial that we take action on regional inequalities.
He champions that cause very strongly on his constituents’ behalf.
He will know that we have set out an ambitious plan for the future of the minimum wage, and we are taking action to make sure that all workers receive more money in their pockets to spend.
He also draws our attention to the importance of children having a great start in life, which is why we as a  Government are committed to making sure that more children than ever arrive at school and get the support they need, so that, by the end of reception, they are ready to move on to the next stage in their journey.
In the City of London, one of the big remaining challenges is to ensure that the maximum number of people from the widest socioeconomic backgrounds can get into that industry.
Recently, I met people from Progress Together.
Vincent Keaveny, a recent Lord Mayor of the City of London, has made massive progress to understand that the data collection process does not need to be expensive.
Will the Secretary of State get in touch with her ministerial colleagues and the Financial Conduct Authority to alert them to the opportunity to collect data at little expense, which would really raise the profile of the remaining challenge?
I am more than happy to do that.
I congratulate the right hon.
Gentleman on his work in this area and the attention that he has drawn to it, because it is a cause that we can all get behind.
There is more that employers can be asked to do, as he describes, and more that we can do as a Government.
That is why it is important that all young people have access to good work experience and careers guidance, so that they understand the full range of opportunities out there in the world.
Women carers are far more likely to reduce their working hours or give up work entirely to look after their loved ones, putting them at a significant financial disadvantage.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the Lib Dem policy to reform social care and introduce free personal care would keep more women in work for longer?
I understand the hon.
Lady’s important point.
She will know that in the Budget we increased the threshold for the carer’s allowance and delivered a big boost to the payments that people can receive, but I understand the wider challenge that she sets out around social care.
That is why the Health Secretary is taking action to ensure that we transform social care across our country.
I am sure that Ministers would be happy to discuss that with her further.
The Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill, introduced to the House yesterday, sets out to unpick every aspect of the school reforms that have led English school children to rocket up the international league tables in English, maths and science.
How can the Government possibly say that they want to break down barriers to opportunity when they are reversing reforms that have transformed the lives of the most disadvantaged students?
I do not know which Bill the hon.
Lady has been reading, but it is not the Bill that we presented to the House yesterday.
I am determined to drive high and rising standards right across our schools system.