We have provided the money, and they have the powers—they have run out of excuses.
Since the summer, thousands of commuters using Harlington and Flitwick stations have had to put up with nearly 8% of trains being cancelled in the evening peak, while nearly a third of trains that do arrive are more than five minutes late.
Is it a mere coincidence that such poor performance follows this Government’s decision to pay off their union backers with no strings attached?
The trains and all travel were in an appalling state under the previous Government, and we are clearing that up.
We are fixing it, and the hon.
Gentleman should welcome that.
The parliamentary ombudsman concluded that an injustice was done to 1950s-born women and ruled that they are owed compensation, and asked Parliament to intervene to deliver justice.
I have more than 5,000 women affected in my constituency.
Alongside a great many Members in this House, I believe these women are owed compensation for the injustice done to them at the hands of the state.
Will the Prime Minister give Members the opportunity to vote on whether they believe WASPI women are owed compensation?
I have just set out the factual background and the percentage who knew about the change.
The simple fact of the matter is that in the current economic circumstances, the taxpayer cannot bear the burden of tens of billions of pounds in compensation. [
Interruption.]
Opposition Members are chuntering away, but, in 14 years, they accelerated the changes and never once spoke about compensation.
My constituents Caroline and Savannah are just two of thousands across Devon, Cornwall and beyond who are living with postural tachycardia syndrome and have been unable to access adequate treatment since the retirement of the only consultant available to work with them in July.
What actions can the Prime Minister take to help me secure the treatment that my constituents need, and will he agree to meet me and them to discuss the treatment of POTS in more detail?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising this important issue on behalf of her constituents.
It underlines the critical nature of the NHS workforce plan that we will deliver next summer to ensure that the expert workforce is in place and get the NHS back on its feet.
I am proud that we are investing an additional £22.6 billion to fix our NHS.
I will of course ensure she gets a meeting with the relevant Minister to deal with the issues of concern to her constituents.
Merry Christmas, Mr Speaker.
I associate myself with the Prime Minister’s comments and express my gratitude to all those who serve our communities over Christmas.
I give special credit to foster carers in Nuneaton and across the UK for the incredibly important role that they play.
We know that their care transforms lives.
However, foster carers in Nuneaton tell me that there is simply not the support that there used to be, and that more than 17% of children are waiting more than four years for care.
I was recently made aware of one child who had had nine home placements before the end of key stage 1.
Can the Prime Minister ensure there will be a robust system to provide consistent and swift care when needed?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that issue, because every single child deserves the best start in life and there are far too many shocking cases of children being let down.
The Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill is being introduced today.
That puts children’s interests at the heart of Government policy and I hope it will be supported across the House.
Labour promised not to raise taxes on working people, but farmers are some of the hardest-working people I know.