He may wish to connect with that campaign.
I wish you a merry Christmas and a good new year when it comes, Mr Speaker.
I was astonished that the vacillating Prime Minister did not take the opportunity to definitively rule out blasphemy laws, which have no placed in modern British society.
This is the land of “Monty Python’s Life of Brian” after all.
Will the Minister take the opportunity to do what the Prime Minister would not by completely ruling out the introduction of blasphemy laws?
Yes.
I call the Chair of the Women and Equalities Committee.
Merry Christmas, Mr Speaker.
Following this summer’s racist riots, the Runnymede Trust reported that Islamophobia is reaching fever pitch, with mosques attacked and threatened, and cars vandalised with Nazi swastikas.
All that has left many Muslims feeling unsafe, but it is especially true for women, who have reported having hijabs pulled off, suffering racist abuse and being threatened with physical violence.
We will all have heard of such incidents from our constituents, but the extent to which Islamophobia and misogyny are systemic in the structures that we rely on mean that Muslim women bear the brunt of the intersectional hatred of the far right and sometimes, sadly, the mainstream media.
Does the Minister see the need for an agreed definition of “Islamophobia” that understands its impact on Muslim women?
Islamophobia, sexism and racism have no place in our society, and my hon.
Friend will be aware that we have committed to strengthening protections against dual discrimination.
The Minister for safeguarding, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham Yardley (Jess Phillips) , is working on addressing hate crime against Muslim women.
I am also pleased that my hon.
Friend’s Committee will be undertaking work on the specific challenges facing Muslim women in the UK today, and I look forward to following that work.
I recently met a group of women from Bangladeshi origins in my constituency who are desperately trying to find work, which is not easy, especially after the decimation of the textile industry in Leicester South.
As English is not their first language, and as not all potential employers have the capacity or time to meet the Department for Work and Pensions’ demands for written proof of job applications and interviews, they are finding it extremely stressful and it is affecting their mental health, especially when they are threatened with sanctions.
Does the Minister agree that more empathy needs to be built into the system?
The hon.
Gentleman has raised an important point, and I will ensure that he has a meeting with the relevant Minister to discuss it.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Minister for Women and Equalities has said that background should be no barrier to success, but what message does it send to our young people when they are told that there are some job opportunities they cannot apply for solely based on the colour of their skin?
Equality in this country must mean equality of opportunity, not putting some people in society on a pedestal above others, so will the Minister write to all public bodies to make it crystal clear that the state should not be sanctioning race-based hiring policies?
The right hon.
Lady will be aware that it is illegal to discriminate in the way she has described.
I will certainly ensure that her question is followed up with the relevant colleagues.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Earlier this month the Government set out our “Plan for Change”—a plan to raise living standards for everyone.
Everyone should have access to warm homes, a revitalised NHS and opportunities to thrive at work, and they should feel safe on our streets.
I am proud to be driving our mission to ensure that background is no barrier to success and that every child has the best start in life.
This week marks the end of Disability History Month, during which my right hon.