I remind the House again that Mauritius was one of the only countries that did not join the belt and road initiative.
Its ally is India, not China.
The Government clearly want to dismantle legacies of empire.
Why, then, do we think it is so important to attach the Chagos islands to Mauritius when, in fact, that link was only established when both territories were acquired by the French empire and later by the British empire?
Why do we not listen to the Chagossians, instead of imposing the legacy of empire on them?
I have engaged with many Chagossian groups.
The hon.
Member will know, as I have said multiple times, that there are a range of views across the Chagossian community.
He is perfectly able to look at the legal judgments himself.
The fact is that the Government wanted to secure the long-term operation of the base, our national security and our interests.
We have engaged with our partners and secured a deal, which his Government failed to do.
The current situation is clearly unsustainable.
Most of the negotiations took place under the previous Administration.
It is now becoming a political football.
Has the Minister heard any other serious recommendations for the future of the island?
No, I have not, and I certainly have not heard them from the Opposition Benches.
I will repeat the question asked by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bicester and Woodstock (Calum Miller) , which the Minister studiously avoided.
Clearly, the deal was not ready to be signed, so why was it announced two weeks before the election?
When we are looking to protect the national security of this country, we will operate at the fastest and most appropriate pace that we can.
This matter had been left languishing under the previous Administration, with the future of the base unsecure.
We have secured it.
May I wish you a merry Christmas, Mr Speaker?
Does the Minister recognise that the issue is being raised by the Opposition again and again, despite the cognitive dissonance that it was they who opened the negotiations in the first place?
I have to endorse the comments of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Portsmouth North (Amanda Martin)  about the scaremongering and the irresponsible way in which the Opposition have conducted the debate with regard to other overseas territories and self-determination.
Order.
I am a little bit concerned, as I granted the urgent question.
I have taken a judgment call; I hope we are not questioning that.
It is absolutely right that the House scrutinises these matters and it will continue to have the opportunity to do so in a range of forums; indeed, I will meet parliamentarians later today to discuss them.
There appears to be collective amnesia among Conservative Members.
I have raised this a number of times.
Many of them served as Ministers in the previous Government and they knew exactly what the risks were to our national security.
I have just returned, hotfoot, from a very full Mar-a-Lago.
I spoke to several members—senior administrators, especially—of the incoming Administration, which will be in the White House in 32 days’ time.
Let me assure you that there is very deep disquiet among them all as to what this deal may mean for the long-term future of Diego Garcia and whether such a deal will hold, given the precedent of the deal break over Hong Kong.
They also cannot understand why we would surrender the sovereignty of the islands on an advisory judgment from a pretty obscure court.
This is about sovereignty, and you keep saying yourself that the sovereignty—
Order.
We cannot both stand.
When you say “you”, you mean me.
I have no ownership of this decision.
That is fair enough, Mr Speaker.