I do not know which Bill the hon.
Lady has been reading, but it is not the Bill that we presented to the House yesterday.
I am determined to drive high and rising standards right across our schools system.
She might be satisfied that one in four disadvantaged children leave primary school without reaching a good standard in English and maths, but I am not happy about that.
Nor am I happy about the fact that one in five children are persistently absent from school and  that we inherited a special educational needs and disabilities system in crisis.
We will turn that around, and deliver better life chances for all our children.
Low-earning women are far less likely to have sufficient private pensions than their male counterparts.
Is that why the Secretary of State decided that governmental responsibility ends when working age ends?
The hon.
Lady raises an important point about some of the differences in pensions.
I am more than happy to pick that up with the relevant Minister to ensure that she receives a full response.
I call the shadow Minister.
Merry Christmas, Mr Speaker.
Here’s to festive tipples in our locals, but it is certainly not a cheery Christmas for the Women Against State Pension Inequality, whom Labour has betrayed.
Hospitality is at the heart of our economy, with a diverse workforce: 17% of the sector’s workers are disabled under the Equality Act 2010; 20% are from ethnic minority groups; and over 54% are women.
Will the Secretary of State tell the House what conversations have taken place between her and the Chancellor on the chilling effect on future earnings of the Labour Government’s jobs tax and higher business rates, underpinned by £3.4 billion of increased costs according to UKHospitality, which will drive down future earnings?
I agree that the hospitality sector is crucial to our economy, and at this time of the year, when many people will be working across Christmas, I pay tribute to them for their work and thank them for their contribution to our economy.
On her wider question, the hon.
Lady knows as well as I do that the Government inherited a £22 billion black hole from the Conservative party.
We have had to make some difficult decisions in order to stabilise our economy and get it back on track.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help tackle violence against women and girls.
Merry Christmas, Mr Speaker.
The Government are relentless in our efforts to halve violence against women and girls.
In just five and a half months in office, we have launched domestic abuse protection orders in selected areas, outlined new measures enhancing our response to stalking, and announced £30 million in extra funding for victims of domestic abuse and their families in safe accommodation services—and that is simply the beginning.
We will continue at that pace.
Violence against women and girls remains a serious issue, worsened by online abuse, misinformation and a harmful rhetoric that risks increasing violence.
In my constituency of Burton and Uttoxeter, the Sexual Abuse Rape Advice Centre provides vital support to survivors, while working to challenge those attitudes  and promote cultural change.
Given the crucial role of charities like SARAC, what steps is the Minister taking to support such organisations, and will she visit SARAC with me so she can see its amazing work?
At these questions I always end up halfway around the country, but I would be delighted to come.
Having worked in this sector, I know that we will not tackle violence against women and girls without a strong and sustainable model that ensures our specialist services are protected.
That is what we will work on in the long term, rather than what has always been a short-termist approach.
Ultra-realistic deepfake porn is increasingly being used to target women, and I know the Government agree because they committed to criminalising it in their manifesto.