We are only getting started.
Next year we will continue to rebuild, no matter what the blockers opposite say.
I echo the Prime Minister in thanking you, Mr Speaker, and all the staff in this place, alongside our armed forces and emergency services, and wishing them a merry Christmas.
March 2025 marks 20 years since the death of the only Member of Parliament to have held all four great offices of state: Foreign Secretary, Home Secretary, Chancellor and Prime Minister.
James Callaghan was a true Portsmouth great who went to the same school as another true Portsmouth great: my dad, Terry Nolan.
Does the Prime Minister back my bid for a plaque to be added to his former home in Copnor?
Will he come along to Portsmouth next year to unveil it?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question.
Jim Callaghan was a giant of the Labour movement and a great public servant.
He left school at 17 and served in our Royal Navy before becoming Home Secretary, Foreign Secretary, Chancellor and, of course, finally Prime Minister.
I am sure that he, as a proud son of Portsmouth, would be honoured to be remembered in such a way. [
Interruption.]
Happy Christmas.
Order.
Let me just say to Mr Mayhew that I keep hearing you.
I heard you the other week when you were sat to my side, and I am hearing you again over there.
It not a good time to push your luck.
I call the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
I join the Prime Minister in his praise and best wishes for our armed forces and emergency services, and I join others in wishing you, Mr Speaker, a happy Christmas, along with all the staff of the Commons and everyone across the House [Hon.
Members: “Sing it!”]
I will sing in a minute.
I have had the great joy of spending time recently with some amazing young people from the Bath Philharmonia young carers choir.
They are a brilliant example of the power of music to make a difference in young people’s lives.
One member, Caitlyn, has even developed a special new project to spread the joy of music to young people in our schools and communities.
Will the Prime Minister meet Caitlyn to hear more about her exciting project, and will he work with us and others to support music in our schools and communities?
I welcome the right hon.
Gentleman’s comments.
As he will know, today we are introducing the landmark Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill to enable all children to succeed, including young carers.
We increased pupil premium funding to over £2.9 billion, which can be used to support pupils, including carers, with identified needs.
As he knows, now that young carers are on the school census—and have been since 2023—they have greater visibility, and schools will be better able to identify and support them.
The right hon.
Gentleman talked of singing; there were carols outside our front door on Monday, and my family were surprised to see him shamelessly plugging his song.
We have strict rules about antisocial behaviour, but in the spirit of the season, I simply say, “Happy Christmas”.
I wish the Prime Minister a happy Christmas.
I thank him for allowing the young carers choir to sing outside No.
10, and I hope that he and the staff enjoyed it.
Our song is called “Love is Enough”, but the hard truth is that for many young carers and young adult carers, love is not enough.
These amazing young people need real action to help them with the challenges that they face.
In addition to the measures that the Prime Minister just talked about, will he support the Carers Trust’s young carers covenant, to ensure that, across local authorities, we give these young people all the support that they deserve?