Having worked in this sector, I know that we will not tackle violence against women and girls without a strong and sustainable model that ensures our specialist services are protected.
That is what we will work on in the long term, rather than what has always been a short-termist approach.
Ultra-realistic deepfake porn is increasingly being used to target women, and I know the Government agree because they committed to criminalising it in their manifesto.
For the sake of victims, intimate image abuse needs to be tackled without delay, so why on earth did the Government not back Baroness Owen’s Bill in the House of Lords to ban it last Friday?
The Minister is a great talker; she talks a good game, but for the sake of women, when will she deliver?
As somebody who went into the Home Office and found a load of things that were said at this Dispatch Box dwindling and left undone for three years, I take umbrage.
The Government will do exactly what we said we will do and will ban deepfakes in this Session.
As a victim of it myself, I understand the importance.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Merry Christmas, Mr Speaker.
Violence against women and girls takes many forms—verbal, physical, emotional, financial—and at all ages, but one of the most insidious forms is online abuse.
With technology developing faster than legislation can respond, the ways it is being used, such as deepfakes, are also developing faster than legislation can respond, and the use of generative AI to create fake intimate images leaves many women vulnerable.
I know the Minister cares deeply about this, so can she tell us what steps the Government will take to ensure that it is tackled properly?
Will she work with Cabinet colleagues to create a new online crime agency to deal with that threat?
Funnily enough, I am meeting Cabinet Office colleagues later today to talk exactly about how we ensure the violence against women and girls strategy is across different Departments.
Without doubt, one of the most important pillars of that strategy is how we will deal with the online harms.
We all wait with bated breath to see how the legislation and the new regulations play out, but we will not draw the line at the legislation that already exists, and where we need to adapt, we will.
What steps she is taking to ban conversion practices.
What steps she is taking to ban conversion practices.
Conversion practices are abuse.
They have no place in society and must be stopped.
The Conservatives promised to ban conversion practices six years ago and failed to deliver.
They then dropped it from their manifesto this summer.
We are getting on with the job and working hard on legislation to deliver a trans-inclusive ban that offers protection from those harmful practices, while preserving the freedom of individuals to explore their identity and respecting the important roles of those supporting them.
We will publish our draft Bill later this Session, as outlined in the King’s Speech.
Conversion practices trade and prosper on fear, prejudice and intolerance.
Charities in Weston-super-Mare and across this country do amazing work to bring communities together to promote tolerance and tackle prejudice.
Will the Minister outline what support the Government are providing to help charities deliver that vital work in constituencies like mine?
My hon.
Friend is right that civil society plays a unique role in challenging prejudice and enabling more people to access the opportunities they deserve.
A good example is Galop, the UK’s leading LGBT+ anti-violence charity, which provides a number of Government-funded support services, including on conversion practices.
Its helpline is confidential and available to anyone who is at risk of, is experiencing or has been through a conversion practice.
Last week, I held a meeting in Parliament with a panel of trans people talking about their experiences of so-called conversion therapy, and their evidence was harrowing.