I call the Mother of the House.
The WASPI women fought one of the most sustained and passionate campaigns for justice that I can remember, year in year out, and we did promise them that we would give them justice.
I understand the issue of the cost, but does the Prime Minister really understand how let down they feel today?
I do understand the concern; of course I do.
I have set out the history, but the research findings make it clear that 90% of those impacted did know about the change.
In those circumstances the taxpayer simply cannot afford the burden of tens of billions of pounds of compensation, but, as I have said, I do understand the concern.
I know that the Prime Minister is aware of the case of my constituent Sara Sharif, who was brutally tortured and appallingly murdered by her father and stepmother.
I want Sara’s legacy to be one in which she is the last vulnerable child to be killed by people who should have looked after her.
Will the Prime Minister ensure that an independent inquest and review of Sara’s death is held at the start of the new year, so that we can learn why public authorities failed and ensure that it never happens again?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to raise that absolutely harrowing case.
It is important that all the lessons are learnt.
An independent process is taking place, but we must be clear about the need to overhaul children’s social care to keep young people safe, and to look again at the framework for home schooling, among other things.
We do need to learn those lessons, and we are taking steps.
There is a process going on at the moment, and I will update the House in due course.
May I thank the Prime Minister for the leadership that he has shown in securing the half-a-billion-pound deal to secure the future of the Hitachi rail factory in my constituency—a factory left in the lurch by the Conservative party for years?
Does he agree that what we also need is a long-term plan for our proud high-tech rail manufacturing to drag it out of the mire that it was left in by the Tories?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
The Conservatives really should not groan.
I went up to the Hitachi factory earlier this year, before the election.
The workforce were extremely anxious about the situation, because they feared that there would be a gap between contracts—[Interruption.]
That gap would have meant that people were going to get laid off, and  the hon.
Member for Brentwood and Ongar (Alex Burghart)  is chuntering from a sitting position, unable to understand the impact on working people.
The workforce were extremely anxious about the situation when I saw them, because they knew that if their colleagues were laid off, it would be bad for their colleagues and their community, and it would mean that they might go and get other jobs and not be able to come back if there was a new contract.
I said then that I would do everything I could to ensure that we filled that gap, and I am very pleased that just the other week we were able to say that we have and that there is a contract.
I went back up there to speak to the same workforce, and they were very pleased that they now do not have those anxieties.
The Conservatives should be ashamed of their chuntering.
As it is Christmas, will the Prime Minister join me in congratulating Chris Middleton, who wrote a charity song to support Age UK that has already raised £10,000?
What is even better is that it is likely to beat the leader of the Lib Dems’ single to No.
1 this year, proving yet again that the Lib Dems cannot win—something that I hope we can both agree on.