We are very clear that it is not normal practice for the United Kingdom to confirm the value of its payments for military bases anywhere across the globe.
We have not done that in the case of any other base, such as the one in Oman, and the United States itself has not confirmed the value of its direct payments for bases, including in Djibouti and the Marshall Islands.
The right hon.
Lady spoke about the Chagossians and, having engaged with Chagossian communities over many years, I am confident that this deal has clear benefits for Chagossian communities and will allow the resettlement of the outer islands and the restarting of visits.
She also mentioned the trust fund.
The right hon.
Lady referred to media reports, and there is a huge amount of speculation.
Let us get back to the actual facts.
The Mauritian Prime Minister himself has confirmed to his Assembly that he is willing to conclude this deal with the United Kingdom.
Those are the facts, and we will protect our national security and our interests.
Under the Mauritian criminal code, anyone who questions the integrity of Mauritian territories, including the Chagos archipelago, is potentially subject to 10 years’ imprisonment.
Most British Chagossians have, at one time or another, effectively given that level of disconsideration to the Mauritian Government.
What conversations has the Minister had with the Mauritian Government to ensure that this part of the code is removed so that it is possible for British Chagossians to visit Chagos, in the event that the deal goes through?
As I said, we take the interests of Chagossian communities incredibly seriously.
The deal provides for Chagossians to return to the outer islands and to resettle them if Mauritius decides to pursue a programme of resettlement.
Most importantly, we will get on with getting those visits going so that they can go back and visit the islands, including Diego Garcia, with the appropriate protections in place.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The Foreign Secretary told this House on  7 October  that his deal is in the UK’s “security interests”.
The chaos we have seen since then does nothing to assure our allies or to repel our enemies.
In retrospect, does the Minister think it was wise to announce an agreement just weeks before elections in Mauritius and the US?
Does he agree it would be wise for any future agreement to come before this House for scrutiny and a vote before signature?
It is important that any agreement complies with the opinion of the International Court of Justice, but self-determination remains an important principle, too.
Now that negotiations have reopened, can the Minister say how the Chagossian people will be represented in those talks?
A court ruled this week that Tamil asylum seekers were illegally detained, in terrible conditions, on Diego Garcia.
Will the Minister apologise for their treatment  and assure the House that the camp in which they were held is now closed for good?
As I have repeatedly said in this House, the interests of the Chagossians have been absolutely at the heart of this deal, and I am sure they will be confident that there are a number of provisions that will satisfy the concerns that Members are raising in good faith, and that Chagossians have raised with me directly.
This was a treaty negotiation between the United Kingdom and Mauritius.
The hon.
Gentleman is aware of the ICJ judgment, and I will let him read that in his own time.
The hon.
Gentleman specifically asks about the situation of the migrants, and we recognise and are carefully considering this week’s judgment, but I make it clear that this Government inherited a deeply troubling situation that remained unresolved under the last Administration, four years after the migrants’ arrival on Diego Garcia.
I believe that the shadow Foreign Secretary was Home Secretary when the migrants first arrived, and the situation went unresolved.