The truth is, in this day and age, not everyone has to work in central London.
We can get better value for money and, as I said, a public service that is closer to the public it serves.
I particularly welcome the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster saying that he would like to hear more accents from different parts of the country in the civil service.
Billingham in Stockton North is home to the UK’s biggest biomanufacturing cluster, and we are also somewhat exposed to international trade with our steel, chemical and automotive sectors.
I very much welcome the expansion of the Darlington economic campus in the area of business and trade.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that this will provide good jobs for my constituents in Stockton and Billingham, and will he ensure that policy implementation is closer to the source of economic activity?
We have the former Prime Minister,  the right hon.
Member for Richmond and Northallerton (Rishi Sunak) , with us today.
He pushed for the Darlington economic campus, which is a good innovation, and I know the current Chancellor of the Exchequer values it greatly.
We want not just to relocate jobs, though that is important, but to have thematic campuses that can build up real areas of expertise, whether in digital skills, financial skills, energy skills and so on, to make a real difference to the communities in which these offices are located.
I thank the CDL for what he said, because the Darlington economic campus has been a huge success.
It recently passed the milestone of 1,000 jobs, but crucially, 80% of those people were recruited locally, providing opportunities for constituents in my rural area and across the north-east, as we have heard.
The Darlington economic campus is also pioneering a very strong cross-Government approach to working, which is helping to combat the strong departmental DNA that the CDL mentioned.
Will he join me in praising the leadership team at DEC for establishing themselves as an indispensable part of Government policymaking, and will he join me in ensuring that Darlington can serve as a model template for other campuses across the UK?
I join the right hon.
Gentleman in praising the leadership team at DEC.
He touches on a very important point, because we do not want just to  relocate jobs; we want people to have a good career path, too.
In some of the civil service offices I have visited around the country since last year, people have raised the question, “Can I pursue a career here that gets me promoted?”
It cannot just be about relocation; it has to be about the chance to build a career in these places.
My party was pleased to hear the announcement that GB Energy is coming to Aberdeen, which we have consistently said is the only sensible place for it, as Members would expect an Aberdeen MP to say.
Given that GB Energy will bring a maximum of 1,000 jobs over the next 10 years, will the right hon.
Gentleman please encourage his ministerial colleagues not to suggest that those jobs will replace the 400 jobs a fortnight that we are set to lose in the offshore energy industry over the next five years?
Investment in renewables is an energy policy, but it is also an economic and employment policy.
I can assure the hon.
Member that investment from both the public sector and the private sector will see many good new jobs created in new sources of energy over the coming years and decades.
I welcome the relocation of civil service jobs across the country.
With a recent study showing that Dudley has high levels of economic inactivity, what reassurances can my right hon.
Friend give me that young people in Dudley will have every opportunity to build their career in the civil service, whether through training, apprenticeships or mentorships?
My hon.