What steps he is taking to reform the civil service.
We want to see a civil service that delivers for the public.
The reforms that we are pushing through include greater adoption of technology; relocating civil service jobs around the country, as we have discussed; and, critically, a focus on outcomes in key public service areas, not just the processes that lead to them.
Many of my Chelmsford constituents are civil servants who travel into London most days of the week to perform their jobs.
Last month, a Centre for Economics and Business Research report revealed that the UK may need 92,000 more public workers by 2030 to maintain the same level of output, due to falls in productivity in the sector.
However, the Cabinet Office has refused to comment on reports in recent days that the Government plan to cut the number of civil servants by 10% by the end of the decade, which will have an impact on my Chelmsford constituents.
Will the Minister confirm today whether a 10% cut to civil service headcount is planned and if any of that will take the form of compulsory redundancy?
It is fair to ask for productivity improvements from civil servants on behalf of the taxpayer.
We have had an increase in hiring over the past 10 years.
We do not have a target for a headcount reduction—that was tried under the last Government and did not work—but we do have a target for reduction in admin and overhead spend.
We want to work with civil servants on how that will be done.
I say to the hon.
Lady that when the taxpayer is committing funds to public services, we want to ensure we get maximum productivity in the public sector; we cannot just resign ourselves to lower productivity and the answer always being to hire more people.
How is the Cabinet Office working with the Department of Health and Social Care to bring down waiting lists, not just in Blackpool but across the UK?
My hon.
Friend will know that waiting lists have fallen by around 200,000 since the election.
We set an aim of 2 million extra appointments in the  first year; we have not had 2 million extra appointments but 3 million, and the first year is not yet over.
We are working closely with the Department of Health and Social Care on that.
We know it is just the start: it is a good start, but we have a long way to go to get the health service back to the levels that we want to see.
What recent progress his Department has made on strengthening national resilience.
In April, we launched the UK Resilience Academy.
We will be undertaking a full national pandemic response exercise that will test the UK’s capabilities, plans, protocols and procedures in the event of another major pandemic.
I have engaged with a wide range of stakeholders to identify the gaps.
As a result, we have developed a new risk vulnerability map to identify areas with high numbers of people who may need more support in a crisis.
After a decade of under-investment in our critical minerals industry, the Conservative Government have left the UK wildly over-reliant on Chinese supply chains.
In order to strengthen our national economic resilience, does the Minister agree that the UK’s industrial strategy must support rapid acceleration of domestic production and processing of critical minerals?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the industrial strategy, which will be published shortly.
It will set out our vision to deliver growth and economic security and resilience.
Alongside that, the Government are working closely with industry to publish a new critical minerals strategy this year, to help secure our supply chain for the long term and drive forward the green industries of the future.
Economic resilience is a key part of our national resilience.