I know it is a policy the Liberal Democrats have also campaigned on, but it is this Government who have a proud record of advancing free school meals and lifting children out of poverty, which is exactly what we are doing today, and will continue to do over the coming weeks.
The hon.
Lady raises the matter of special educational needs, which—she is absolutely right—is raised very often in these questions.
I know that it is an issue of great importance to our constituents and to many Members  across the House, as I am sure she will accept.
I will ensure that any developments in this regard are brought to the House, and that Members have ample opportunity to contribute to them.
I am sure she will agree with me that in recent years our special educational needs system has not delivered the outcomes for those who need it most, and that the process is not good for parents and families either.
We need to make changes to the system to deliver good outcomes in both mainstream and specialist settings.
I will ensure that the House is kept fully up to date.
The Just the Tonic comedy festival is coming to South Derbyshire in July, the festival having chosen Elvaston castle as its venue—a place I am helping the local parish council to save as publicly owned.
Who does not love comedy?
Yet despite being nationally loved and generating billions across live digital streaming and more, comedy remains an economically under-leveraged sector, excluded from arts funding, Government reports and the Creative Industries Council itself.
Using comedy in social prescribing could help us save billions on mental healthcare, and I am working with Lou Jackson of Craic House—that is C-R-A-I-C—on a tech platform to help comedians.
Will the Leader of the House dedicate time for a debate on our comedy industry?
My hon.
Friend makes a compelling case.
Of course, comedy is no joke when it comes to the economy. [
Interruption.]
I try my best, Mr Speaker, but I am obviously not as good as those at Craic House in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
She makes a great point, and I am sure that Ministers will have heard her call today that the comedy sector is a vital part of our cultural and creative industries, and we will do everything to support it.
I call the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee.
I thank the Leader of the House for making time this week for the debate on dementia, which was well attended, with a time limit imposed on Back-Bench speeches.
However, I think she owes an apology to the proposers of the debate on the Thursday before we rose for recess, when the debate was curtailed at the Government’s response so that they could make a statement, after which you, Mr Speaker, had to adjourn the House for an hour, after individuals who wanted to speak were unable to do so, before the Government finally made a statement.
In addition to the business that the Leader of the House has announced, next Thursday there will be a statement from the Business and Trade Committee.
I am glad that the right hon.
Lady has continued the experiment of having Backbench Business debates after Government business, with the Windrush Day debate, which I am sure will be well attended, and indeed the estimates days that have been announced.
Applications are now open, and we will consider them at our meeting on  17 June .
We will give priority to the Departments that were not chosen for the estimate day debates earlier this year.