I am grateful for the Minister’s answer.
Bury St Edmunds and Stowmarket is privileged to  host thousands of servicemen and servicewomen from RAF Honington, RAF Lakenheath and RAF Mildenhall.
They play a crucial part in the lives of our towns and villages.
Can the Minister assure me that the Ministry of Defence is working with other Departments to ensure that places such as Bury St Edmunds and Stowmarket will benefit from the announcements in the strategic defence review in the form of jobs, housing, investment and apprenticeships?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
When the Prime Minister announced the strategic defence review a few days ago, he was clear that the uplift that has been approved by the Government in defence spending is a matter not just of the Ministry of Defence budget, but of industrial policy and skills policy.
For example, we have announced an extra £1.5 billion for munitions over the next five years, creating six new munitions factories and over 1,000 jobs.
It is really important that these investments are of benefit to different parts of the country as we make the necessary investments to improve our defence and national security in response to a changing world.
I welcome the Minister’s words on wanting a more joined-up Government, but I have concerns that the Department for Transport and the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government are not working well enough together both generally and specifically on cross-Solent transport to the Isle of Wight.
Will he encourage better joint working between those Departments, both generally and specifically for that most important issue for my constituents where clearly Local Government and Transport need to work together to create regulation to improve passenger experience?
The hon.
Member makes a strong point.
I spend every day encouraging Departments to work together, but he will have heard me say that departmental DNA is strong.
He is right that if we want to achieve things, we must overcome departmental DNA  sometimes and ensure that Departments work together to deliver good projects.
That is exactly what we are trying to do.
A key function of joined-up Government is joined-up procurement, and I have had the pleasure of working with the Crown Commercial Service as a supplier for over 15 years.
There is an ongoing issue that the CCS runs its major procurements during holiday exercises, and this summer is no different.
The construction professional services framework, which is worth billions of pounds, has been delayed and will run over the summer, meaning businesses and families have to cancel summer holidays and change their plans.
What more is the Department doing to address the culture in the CCS of “buyer knows best” and not respecting supply chains?
My hon.
Friend is right to draw attention to the importance of the CCS.
We have tasked the CCS with working with suppliers and reviewing how it runs frameworks to maximise the spend with small and medium-sized businesses.
That should include the timing of the framework so that everyone can take part as best as possible.
A couple of weeks ago, the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster made a statement at CYBERUK about the Golden Valley development in my constituency, which was welcomed in the constituency.
Since then, a decision has been made on joining up Government with the functions of public sector and on Government cyber-security moving from his Department to the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology.
Is he having discussions as part of that process to ensure that his DSIT colleagues are well aware of the huge opportunities and the risks to that project at west Cheltenham?
I referred to the machinery of Government change that we announced a few days ago.
We are building up a real sense of expertise in DSIT, and we thought it made sense to make that change to bring together the operational and security parts of cyber policy.