Gentleman will not mind my saying that we have met previously on this matter, and I very much understand and appreciate his ongoing engagement.
I have to be honest with him and say that when he and I first spoke about this case and I was briefed on it, I too was surprised by the decision that was made.
That is why I undertook to take it back to the Department and to check on the eligibility of the case, which I did.
Having done that, I am confident that the officials have followed the published criteria and applied them correctly to the evidence provided.
The decision is appropriate and should stand.
I should also be clear that there are no plans to ask to expand the criteria, which were implemented by the previous Government.
I do, however, recognise the context of this particular matter, and I am happy to take up the right hon.
Gentleman’s challenge to see whether exceptional routes may be available.
I do not want to give him false hope—I am not certain there will be such a route—but having spoken to him previously about this, I know the seriousness of the matter he raises, and I am happy to see whether we could look at additional opportunities to provide support in this case.
When it comes to the published criteria for ARAP, we must be absolutely clear about eligibility, and it is my job as the Minister responsible for Afghan resettlement to make sure that decisions are made correctly against the published eligibility criteria.
Where decisions have been made, an individual has access to a review, and where there is a concern over an individual’s security while that review is ongoing—especially circumstances in which the life and safety of that individual are threatened—there is the ability to request an expedited decision.
I entirely understand where the right hon.
Gentleman is going with that argument.
Under the criteria in the scheme we inherited from the previous Government, which we have continued, we have made the decision, with the exception of the Triples, to keep the eligibility decisions the same.
Let me turn to the Triples, which the right hon.
Gentleman raised.
I believe that the quote of the Secretary of State when in opposition was in relation to the very concerning situation—I believe it was a concern to him and to me when in opposition—that decisions were made in respect of the Afghan special forces, the Triples, that were inconsistent with the evidence that was being provided.
We backed and called for the Triples review, which was initiated by my predecessor in the previous Government.
Phase 1 of that review has now completed and we have achieved an overturn rate of around 30%.
A written ministerial statement on that was published— I think last month—should the right hon.
Gentleman want to refer to the full details.
In that work, we interrogated the data that was available.
The record-keeping of that period was not good enough, as I have said from the Dispatch Box a number of times since taking office.
As part of that trawl, we discovered information in relation to top-up payments, which previously had been excluded from the criteria because they did not constitute the relationship with the UK Government that would have created eligibility.
Our belief is that the way those top-up payments were applied may now constitute a relationship that needs to be re-examined, so phase 2 of the Triples review, which will be the final phase of the review, is looking at top-up payments.
It was right to do that, because there was a clear point.
In the case raised by the right hon.
Member for Chingford and Woodford Green, I am very happy to try to see what is available to support it.