It was right to do that, because there was a clear point.
In the case raised by the right hon.
Member for Chingford and Woodford Green, I am very happy to try to see what is available to support it.
I feel very deeply that we need to honour our obligations to those people who served alongside our forces, from the Afghan translators and interpreters who live in the constituency I represent, to the people who fought, and in some cases died, alongside our forces.
The ARAP scheme is a generous scheme, but it was not intended, at its point of initiation or now, to cover all Afghans who fought in that conflict over 20 years.
It was designed to support those who we can evidence had a close connection to UK forces, often defined by a contractual or payment relationship—in blunt plain-English terms—where a  sizeable commitment has been made.
That draws a line for some individuals who were employed by the Afghan national army, the Afghan Government and elements of the security structures that the Afghan Government had at that time, for which eligibility is not created despite their role.
The Taliban regime has created chaos, instability and terror through many communities in Afghanistan since our departure.
That is why, as a Government, we are trying to accelerate and deliver the Afghan scheme.
The hon.
Member for North East Fife mentioned communications.
That is entirely right.
It is something I have been raising since becoming a Minister.
We will introduce, from the autumn, a new series of communications designed to help people understand where their application is in the process.
The new performance indicators will kick in from September time—roughly in the autumn—and that will seek to help people to understand where they are in the process.
There is concern around understanding for how long a case will be dealt with.
I also hope the performance indicators will have time-bound targets to help people be able to rate the performance of the Ministry of Defence.
Certainly, when the Defence Secretary published his statement on the Afghan resettlement scheme at the end of last year, he made the case that we need to complete our obligation and bring the schemes to a close, and it is our objective to do so.
The Minister for the Cabinet Office was asked—
What steps he is taking to strengthen emergency preparedness.
The Government are taking a range of measures to strengthen our emergency preparedness.
Later this year, we will update a national pandemic response exercise and undertake a full test of our emergency alert system.
In April, the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster also opened the new UK Resilience Academy, which will train up to 4,000 people a year.
The Government will shortly publish our updated resilience strategy.
We seem to get once-in-a-generation weather events once every couple of years these days.
Although some parties on the Opposition Benches do not want to take their responsibilities in that regard seriously, I know that this Government will.
On flooding, the village of King’s Bromley in my constituency has suffered on several occasions over the past few years, because all of the roads leading to the village have been cut off—although there has been no property flooding.
What steps is the Minister taking to measure and mitigate the impact of that type of serious flooding?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question and for raising the issue in King’s Bromley.
We are working closely with our colleagues in the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, who are responsible for managing significant flooding.
This includes the floods resilience taskforce, which I co-chair with the Under-Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull West and Haltemprice (Emma Hardy) .