Lady for her support.
In fairness, she has been supportive of the youth experience scheme throughout.
Having  secured the agreement at the summit, we will obviously move now into a different phase of the negotiations, looking at implementation, whether that is in terms of the link with the emissions trading systems, the sanitary and phytosanitary agreement or the youth experience scheme.
We obviously want to move forward as quickly as we can with implementation.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of the new trading relationship with the EU.
There is no question but that the new arrangements we have with the European Union will grow our economy.
It will put more money in the pockets of working people, and the proof will be there for all to see as it eases pressure on food prices and cuts red tape—more prosperity, more safety, more security—but unfortunately, it seems that the Opposition’s position is to unpick all of that.
The Government continue to celebrate last month’s latest EU surrender deal, continuing their long-term ambition to undo the results of a democratic vote that their leadership has never agreed with and  is doing its best to reverse at every opportunity.
The Government have already proven that when Labour negotiates, Britain loses.
Can the Minister reassure the House that this Government have no further intentions to surrender any more hard-won Brexit freedoms?
The only thing that has been surrendered is the credibility of the Conservative party.
This Government have used the independent post-Brexit trade policy to secure a deal with India, a deal with the United States, and a deal with the EU that is good for jobs, good for bills and good for borders.
The Conservatives will have to explain at the next election why they want to undo all of it.
What steps he is taking to relocate civil service roles to locations outside London.
What steps he is taking to relocate civil service roles to locations outside London.
The state has to reform to secure better value for money and outcomes for the public, and to ensure that government better reflects the country it serves.
I often say that I want a civil service that speaks with all the accents of this great country.
We are committed to half of UK-based senior civil servants being based outside London by the end of the decade.
Last month, we confirmed plans to relocate thousands of civil service roles to 13 towns and cities across the country.
The aim is to bring the civil service closer to local communities and to bring good employment prospects to different parts of the country.
I welcome that reply, and it is really progressive that the Government are now relocating jobs away from London, but can I urge the Minister to look closely at how people in places like my constituency of Blyth and Ashington—people everywhere, in rural and semi-rural constituencies as well as in more urban ones—can benefit from this fantastic policy?
We all need to be able to benefit from this policy, not just certain peoples in city constituencies.
I very much hear what my hon.
Friend says.
I cannot stand here and say that there will be a civil service location in every single constituency in the country, but we are happy to have dialogue with MPs and local authorities from all parts of the country to get the biggest benefits possible from these decisions to locate civil service jobs around the country.
The truth is, in this day and age, not everyone has to work in central London.
We can get better value for money and, as I said, a public service that is closer to the public it serves.
I particularly welcome the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster saying that he would like to hear more accents from different parts of the country in the civil service.