No one should be left without a signal, and that is what should be happening, but I will ensure that the hon.
Lady and other Members are kept updated, because this is an urgent matter.
I was in the House during business questions on  9 January  when my hon.
Friend  the Member for Slough (Mr Dhesi) , Chair of the Defence Committee, referred to the storming of the Golden Temple in Amritsar in June 1984, ordered by the then Indian Government.
Documents revealed in 2014 showed that the Thatcher Government had helped their Indian counterpart by providing advice for Operation Blue Star.
Since 2014 there have been many calls to establish the extent of the British Government’s involvement, and many assurances have been given.
Will the Leader of the House give a statement to the House announcing an independent, judge-led public inquiry to, in her own words, get to the bottom of what happened?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this issue.
As he says, it was raised with me a few months ago, and I made it clear on that occasion what I hoped would happen.
I understand the concerns of Members across the House and of members of the Sikh community, many of whom he represents.
When I was asked about this issue previously, I did follow up, and I am sorry to say that I am still waiting.
When I do hear from the Foreign Office, I will ensure that my hon.
Friend and other Members are made fully aware and that the House is updated.
The Landywood voluntary help centre in Great Wyrley, which is completely staffed by volunteers, has been supporting people of all ages for 50 years.
May we have a debate in Government time to thank such organisations for the work they do, in all our constituencies across the country, to support the most vulnerable?
I join the right hon.
Member in thanking the volunteers at that help centre and all the other volunteers in all our constituencies.
Voluntary work is a common theme of business questions week after week, and I am sure that the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee,  the hon.
Member for Harrow East (Bob Blackman) , will have heard that we would all like the opportunity to pay tribute to and thank all volunteers for the tremendous work they do in our constituencies.
It is almost 30 years since the iconic replica of Sir Francis Drake’s Golden Hinde arrived at the historic St Mary Overie dock on the Thames in Southwark.
Will the Leader of the House provide time to debate what Government at every level can do to ensure that we continue celebrating our maritime history and educating future generations through amazing interactive experiences like those that the Golden Hinde provides to children from my constituency in Southwark and across the globe?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this issue.
I am sure we are all familiar with the Golden Hinde from walking along the south bank.
Restoring our heritage assets is really important to this Government,   and we announced additional funding to the heritage at risk programme in February.
I hope that my hon.
Friend and Southwark council can work together to do their bit to restore and bring back to life that great asset.
Tackling child poverty is incredibly important.
On Monday, the Leader of the House told me:
“I will ensure that she and the House are updated on the timings for the child poverty taskforce”.—[Official Report,  2 June 2025 ; Vol.
768, c. 33.]
I would appreciate an update on the timings.
When will we know when the announcements will be made?
The Under-Secretary of State for Education,  the hon.
Member for Portsmouth South (Stephen Morgan) , will shortly give a statement to the House about progress with free school meals.