My hon.
Friend is right that we inherited a hospital capital programme that was a work of fiction; there was not a penny allocated to many of the promises that had been made.
We have now set out a clear timetable with allocated funding so that her hospital and many others can get the improvements they desperately need.
The Leader of the House will be well aware that the global ocean treaty has still not had its passage through the House.
With the first ever ocean conference of the parties coming up quickly, next year, will she confirm when the biodiversity beyond national jurisdiction agreement will be brought forward for ratification?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising that issue.
Along with other parliamentarians, I was pleased, but also moved, to watch the “Ocean with David Attenborough” documentary with David Attenborough in the House of Lords.
I can assure her that I and this Government were already resolved to ensure that that treaty was ratified and the Bill brought forward.
Having watched the documentary, I will ensure that we do that in a timely fashion.
This week, my office has had to respond to several concerning incidents of misinformation regarding police investigations in my constituency.
In one case, a national newspaper sought to sensationalise a very serious incident in which an officer was investigated for gross misconduct.
In another, a false claim that a mugging was carried out by an asylum seeker, when in fact it was a British national known to police, was spread on social media.
Does the Leader of the House agree that it is irresponsible to cast judgment on such serious issues without full knowledge of the facts, and will she consider granting parliamentary time for a debate on how we can tackle misinformation in our communities and ensure police can carry out their duties without such interference?
I am sorry to hear of the cases that my hon.
Friend describes.
She is right that the quick spreading of misinformation and disinformation on social media and elsewhere in such cases can be of great concern in relation to safety on our streets and protection of our public servants and others.
Indeed, it can cause real problems, as we saw last summer.
We are taking action in that regard.
The Online Safety Act 2023 was not as strong in this area as it could have been, but we will work to strengthen the laws where necessary.