We are seeing huge investment in the north and in the midlands on key transport infrastructure, investment in the jobs of the future, bringing down waiting lists month after month after month, and 3 million more NHS appointments.
The right hon.
Gentleman did not want to mention this, but today we are announcing the biggest expansion of free school meals in years, lifting 100,000 children out of poverty.
That is the difference a Labour Government make: securing the real incomes of ordinary working people, putting our public services back on their feet and lifting children out of poverty.
As it is World Environment Day, does the Leader of the House agree that while the UK has beautiful national parks, local parks and green spaces in urban cities such as Southampton  are just as treasured and as valuable in bringing communities together and improving health and wellbeing, making such cities the great places that they are?
Communities in my constituency enjoyed a week-long Urban Wild festival during the half-term holiday, as part of Southampton’s journey in becoming the UK’s first national park city outside London.
Will she join me in congratulating Christelle Blunden in particular, but also the army of volunteers, friends of groups, charities and many more who champion our local nature every day and who are behind Southampton’s national park city campaign?
Finally—
Order.
Please sit down.
This is a very important subject and I congratulate the hon.
Lady—she did ask me at the beginning and it is fantastic news—but I have to get a lot of Members in today.
So, please, I am sure the Leader of the House has grasped the message.
My hon.
Friend makes a compelling case for Southampton’s national park city status, and indeed for the fantastic contribution that green spaces, nature and wild places make to our cities, making places such as Southampton a great place to live.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The Liberal Democrats warmly welcome reports that eligibility for free school meals is being extended to all children in England whose parents receive universal credit.
This is a Lib Dem policy on which we have campaigned for a long time, and it is a positive first step to help to lift children out of poverty.
Of course, there is much more to do.
Among other much needed changes, we would point to the importance of fully funding the policy for schools and auto-enrolling eligible children to ensure that they get the support they need.
I will also highlight, once again, something that is raised in business questions nearly every week: special educational needs.
In March it was reported in the media that the Government will produce a White Paper on special educational needs to address the crisis in schools for children with special educational needs and disabilities.
We are hearing rumours that this White Paper may be delayed until the autumn, or possibly until next year.
Children with special educational needs are still without support, parents are still battling with local authorities, schools are still struggling to cope, and councils are still left staring at the prospect of a £5 billion deficit next year from SEND being added to their budgets.
Will the Leader of the House implore the Government to, at the very least, provide a timescale for publishing the White Paper?
First, I thank the hon.
Lady for what she said about free school meals.
I know it is a policy the Liberal Democrats have also campaigned on, but it is this Government who have a proud record of advancing free school meals and lifting children out of poverty, which is exactly what we are doing today, and will continue to do over the coming weeks.
The hon.
Lady raises the matter of special educational needs, which—she is absolutely right—is raised very often in these questions.