That will be 15 months after the Government took office.
It is lucky that we do not have a war in Europe.
Thirdly, where is the threat to our adversaries?
No extra cash means no extra commitment, no commitment means no credibility and no credibility means no increased sense of threat to those we face.
What do we know?
We know that there is a war in Europe in which Russia is moving men and matériel not merely to push on in Ukraine, but to threaten the Baltic states.
Ukraine had a glorious victory in the past few days, but we cannot rely on such victories, and we must support it in its struggle against Russia.
What do we know?
We know that Xi Jinping has directed the People’s Liberation Army to develop the capability to invade Taiwan by 2027, and we know that  NATO allies, who have a collective responsibility to each other, in some cases have a long way to go before they are even at 2% of GDP, let alone 3.5%.
Instead of giving real leadership, and putting cash on the table, our own Government are talking about readying the country for war while in reality they continue to dither and delay.
Mr Speaker, I understand that today is Press Association parliamentary editor Richard Wheeler’s last day in the Gallery.
He has covered our proceedings for 12 years, and I am sure we can all agree that that is quite a shift, with Brexit, covid, six Prime Ministers and many interventions from  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon) , all having been covered by him.
As I have announced, on  Monday 6 June  we will debate a motion in my name to implement the recommendations of last year’s independent Kernaghan review of Parliament’s Independent Complaints and Grievance Scheme.
The ICGS was set up in 2018 in response to many serious incidents of bullying, sexual harassment, unacceptable behaviour and poor culture.
Through its work and its existence, strides have been made in addressing our reputation and improving working culture.
However, we must continue to do better and to respond.
That is why I have tabled proposals from the independent review to strengthen and improve the processes of the ICGS.
I have asked its director for a fuller briefing, which, upon receipt, I will place in the Library ahead of the debate so that Members can consider these issues more fully.
I thank the shadow Leader of the House for wanting a replay of the urgent question on Monday.
Following some of the questions that were put to me then, I did say that, with your permission, Mr Speaker, I would come back to the House on some of the issues that were raised.
Without going through the whole thing again, I want to be clear about some of the things that did and did not happen.
The Government were endeavouring to act in good faith and to follow the procedure and practice for many previous SDRs—and I have looked at all of the procedures and practices for previous SDRs.
We recognise that there is room for improvement—there always is—but I want to let the House know that advance briefings were offered to all Opposition spokespeople, the Chair of the Defence Committee and a select few from the defence community.
An embargoed copy of the full SDR was provided to the Select Committee Clerk shortly after 10 am, and hard copies were provided to the Conservative and Liberal Democrat spokespeople 90 minutes before the statement.
As I reiterated on Monday, the full document was laid first in the House in the afternoon.
I have spoken with you, Mr Speaker, and the Defence Secretary, who I am sure the whole House will agree takes his responsibilities to this House incredibly seriously.
He wants to draw up a clear process for this Government and future Governments to follow, so that the expectations of all concerned are clear.