Friend for the work he does with the all-party parliamentary group.
He will know that the Infected Blood Compensation Authority has published a prioritisation list in recent months.
I can also update the House that IBCA is contacting an average of 100 people every week to start their claim, and it expects in this calendar year to have brought in to claim all those who are infected and registered with a support scheme.
The Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster will know that the UK has some of the best intelligence agencies in the world, and they have huge powers and huge budgets which they use to keep our country safe every single day of the week.
He also knows that in any large organisation mistakes are made and public confidence in those agencies is vital.
Given that the Intelligence Services Act 1994 is more than 30 years old—there have been some other Acts—is it not time for the Intelligence and Security Committee to have new powers of oversight and even new powers of sanction, so that the public can have confidence that our intelligence agencies have proper scrutiny and oversight?
Let me echo the right hon.
Member’s words in paying tribute to the work that our intelligence and security agencies do in keeping us all safe every day.
We discussed the Committee earlier in these questions.
The Government have approved an uplift in resources for the Committee, and we are working closely with it on the best operating model for doing its job as effectively as possible.
Mr Speaker,
“The only good Tory is a dead Tory.
Kill your local MP”—
so said the controversial Ulster rap band who remain on the bill at Glastonbury.
Given that is the case, can the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster reassure the House that no Cabinet Office Ministers will be attending Glastonbury this year?
I will not be going to Glastonbury, but I am very much looking forward to seeing Bruce Springsteen at Anfield stadium on Saturday night.
Will the Leader of the House give us the business for next week?
I shall.
The business for the week commencing  9 June  includes:
Monday 9 June —Remaining stages of the Planning and Infrastructure Bill (day one).
Tuesday 10 June —Consideration of a Lords message to the Data (Use and Access) Bill [Lords], followed by remaining stages of the Planning and Infrastructure Bill (day two).
Wednesday 11 June —My right hon.
Friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer will present the spending review 2025, followed by Second Reading of the Sustainable Aviation Fuel Bill.
Thursday 12 June —General debate on the distribution of SEND funding, followed by general debate on the fifth anniversary of the covid-19 pandemic.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 13 June —Private Members’ Bills.
The provisional business for the week commencing  16 June  will include:
Monday 16 June —Motion relating to the House of Commons independent complaints and grievance scheme, followed by a general debate on Windrush Day 2025.
The subject for that debate was determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Tuesday 17 June —Remaining stages of the Crime and Policing Bill (day one).
Wednesday 18 June —Remaining stages of the Crime and Policing Bill (day two).
Thursday 19 June —Motion to approve the draft Licensing Act 2003 (UEFA Women’s European Football Championship Licensing Hours) Order 2025, followed by a general debate on incontinence, followed by general debate on water safety education.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 20 June —Private Members’ Bills.
Colleagues may also wish to be aware that on  Tuesday 24 June  and  Wednesday 25 June  the House is expected to debate estimates.
Today has a great double significance.