Will the Government provide an update on their work to ensure that public bodies carry out public interest tests when outsourced contracts expire?
The Government are determined to deliver high-quality public services and better value for money for the taxpayer.
We have committed to introducing a public interest test to assess whether expiring contracts could provide better outcomes and better value in-house, and that was included in the national procurement policy statement.
A recent cyber-attack on schools and early learning IT in my constituency knocked out online access, but also underlined the need for a positive interaction between Scotland’s two Governments, rather than the constant constitutional bickering we have seen in recent years.
With cyber-security about to move out of the Cabinet Office, can the Minister assure us about the way in which a positive cross-governmental and intergovernmental approach to these relationships will be secured?
The hon.
Lady raises a good point.
At the meeting of the Council of the Nations and Regions that took place a couple of weeks ago, issues of technology were very high on the agenda.
We take these forums for dialogue very seriously, and I think I am right in saying that we can have a discussion on this issue without some of the heat that characterises other subjects that come up.
Given the extremely welcome recent news that economic growth for the first quarter of 2025 was 1.6%, indicating that the Government’s mission to kick-start economic growth in the UK is beginning to work, can the Minister set out what plans exist Government-wide to make sure that that prosperity makes a positive difference to all families in the UK, including in the most deprived neighbourhoods such as Swanscombe and Temple Hill in my constituency?
My hon.
Friend is right to celebrate the recent figures showing that the UK was the fastest-growing economy in the G7 in the first quarter of this year—a sign that this Government’s focus on growth is beginning to bear fruit.
We are determined to drive growth in every corner of the country.
The lower Thames crossing, which my hon.
Friend has long campaigned for and this Government have approved, will deliver big benefits in Dartford and beyond.
In terms of encouraging public participation in democracy and in politics, I have found that school visits are constructive, even in the far north of Scotland, and that is on a strictly non-party political basis.
What thoughts might the Government have about encouraging other MPs to engage in that way?
It is informative and constructive.
Visiting schools in my constituency is one of my favourite parts of being a Member of Parliament, and I encourage all MPs to do the same.
We will  legislate to lower the voting age to 16 for all UK elections—when parliamentary time allows, and following engagement and planning with relevant stakeholders—as a way to drive forward participation in democracy.
At yesterday’s meeting of the all-party parliamentary group on haemophilia and contaminated blood, we heard from someone whose father was terminally ill and unlikely to survive to see the compensation to which he is entitled.
It is not fair on people who have waited 40 years for justice that they are left at the starting line for compensation.
Is there any way we can make a list of people who are in that situation and calculate their entitlement for their estate?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for the work he does with the all-party parliamentary group.
He will know that the Infected Blood Compensation Authority has published a prioritisation list in recent months.
I can also update the House that IBCA is contacting an average of 100 people every week to start their claim, and it expects in this calendar year to have brought in to claim all those who are infected and registered with a support scheme.