The work of our intelligence services has never been more important, given the grey zone that states are acting within at the moment, which must be properly overseen.
I asked a written question about when the Prime Minister would deign to meet the Committee.
The Parliamentary Secretary, Cabinet Office,  the hon.
Member for Erith and Thamesmead (Ms Oppong-Asare) , said that one was being arranged.
Has that now happened?
I also asked written questions about the independence and resources of the Committee and was told that discussions were ongoing.
On a matter of this seriousness, does Parliament not deserve more than fob-off half-answers, and will the Minister provide further details now?
I do not think the shadow Minister listened to my first answer.
For the avoidance of doubt, I said that we have agreed to the Committee’s requested uplift on budgeting and resourcing.
Of course, the Prime Minister will be happy to meet the Committee at a convenient time that both can agree.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential merits of increasing the five-year time limit for civilian gallantry awards.
Civilian gallantry awards rightly recognise the bravery of people who put themselves at risk to save or attempt to save another person’s life.
Honours policy is not the gift of Ministers, as it is overseen by the Committee on the Grant of Honours, Decorations and Medals.
However, long-standing practice over many decades is that the incident must have taken place in the last five years, and the only exception to this is where legal proceedings are ongoing.
I thank the Minister for her answer and for meeting me.
She knows that I have been supporting the families of PC Taylor and DS Hunt in the search for recognition of their bravery, which resulted in their deaths some years ago.
They cannot understand why there is a committee to consider historic military medals but not civilian ones.
It appears to them that one set of people who put themselves in harm’s way to protect our country can be recognised, but another set cannot.
I appreciate what the Minister said, but can we look at instituting an equal committee for civilian honours?
These families just want the proper recognition that historical administrative failures prevented them from receiving.
I know that the hon.
Member is frustrated and has worked really hard on this.
I express my deepest sympathies to the families of DS Hunt and PC Taylor.
I am sure she will agree that it is good that their families were awarded the Elizabeth Emblem by His Majesty in December, in recognition of the sacrifice they made.
Honours policy is not in the gift of Ministers; as I mentioned, it is set out by the Committee on the Grant of Honours, Decorations and Medals.
I recognise that she has written to the chair of the committee on this issue, and I am sure he will reply.
I call Dr Caroline Johnson—not here.
What recent progress he has made on establishing an infected blood compensation scheme.
What recent progress he has made on establishing an infected blood compensation scheme.
Payments to infected people started at the end of last year.
The Government expect payments to affected people to start by the end of this year.
The Infected Blood Compensation Authority, which is independent of Government, publishes updated figures fortnightly.
As of  3 June , it has contacted 1,360 people to begin a claim and made offers to 324 people,  totalling £253 million.
There is much further to go, but progress is being made in delivering justice to the victims of this devastating scandal.
In Wirral West, my constituent became a victim of this scandal over 50 years ago when she was a child, and it has affected her life ever since.
In her own words, victims have gone through horrible levels of distress, and now they wait for compensation.
That wait is not just for financial security; it is for closure.