With a recent study showing that Dudley has high levels of economic inactivity, what reassurances can my right hon.
Friend give me that young people in Dudley will have every opportunity to build their career in the civil service, whether through training, apprenticeships or mentorships?
My hon.
Friend will not be surprised to hear my strong enthusiasm for greater employment opportunities for young people in the Black Country.
When we made the announcement about the relocation last week, we also announced a new apprenticeship scheme, because we not only have to change location; we also have to change recruitment patterns if we are really to get a civil service that speaks with all the accents of the country.
When the Minister is moving civil service jobs outside London, may I remind him that there is much more to the north than just Manchester and Leeds?
Why are the Government moving the Information Commissioner’s Office away from Wilmslow to Manchester, and what assessment has been done of the impact of that move on the economy of Wilmslow?
Mr Speaker, as you can see, this issue will prompt a lot of Members to stand up for their areas, and they are quite right to do so.
As we do this, we will try to bring things together in a way that creates real expertise, and it is not just about cities; it is about other urban and semi-urban areas, too.
The technology that allows us to move jobs outside London also allows us to do that.
What recent engagement his Department has had with the Intelligence and Security Committee.
The Intelligence and Security Committee does important and valuable work.
The Cabinet Office engages constructively with the Committee and will continue to do so over the coming months.
We have agreed to the Committee’s requested uplift on budgeting and resourcing, which should help it do its job properly over the course of the next Parliament.
We are also working with the ISC to identify the best operating model.
Has the Minister had a discussion with the Intelligence and Security Committee as to why our normally sophisticated operations have not succeeded in making any significant dent in smashing the gangs and stopping the boats?
Perhaps he might ask the Committee whether its view is that such is the pull factor and the desperation of these people that the only way we will stop the boats is to do what my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Richmond and Northallerton (Rishi Sunak)  was going to do: arrest them, deport them and send them back to where they came from.
I am not quite sure that was the previous Government’s plan—maybe the right hon.
Gentleman wishes it was.
This is a hugely important issue for us.
It is a security issue as well as an immigration issue.
Of course, international policing and security operations to stop these gangs and this trade is a vital part of trying to combat it.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Intelligence and Security Committee of Parliament is unique, made up of Privy Counsellors from both Houses.
However, last month the Committee took the highly unusual step of publicly criticising the Government for their failure to allow the Committee the staff and independence to fulfil its role overseeing the circa £3 billion annual spend, for which
“there is no oversight capability.”
The Committee is led by an experienced Labour peer, and it just wants the basics: to have staff who are not totally beholden to the Cabinet Office, so that they can do their job on behalf of Parliament and the country, and to meet the Prime Minister.
The work of our intelligence services has never been more important, given the grey zone that states are acting within at the moment, which must be properly overseen.
I asked a written question about when the Prime Minister would deign to meet the Committee.
The Parliamentary Secretary, Cabinet Office,  the hon.