Mobile phone signal across Bromsgrove and the villages is wholly inadequate.
It regularly drops out, and that is if we are lucky enough to get a signal.
Things are getting worse, particularly following the rolling switch-off of 3G signals across the country.
A recent real-world study in Worcestershire demonstrated that signal is actually 1,000 times worse than operators claim it to be.
Does the Leader of the House agree that this is unacceptable and that my constituents deserve better?
Will she support my efforts to secure a debate on the Floor of the House and a meeting with the Minister to discuss improvements?
My constituent Caitlyn was coerced into signing a joint lease with her abuser just four days before he was arrested on charges relating to domestic violence.
He was convicted, but she is still trapped in the lease for a property that she has never lived in and she is liable for rent that he refuses to pay.
The estate agents tell us that they have a legal responsibility to chase rent arrears.
Survivors in Caitlyn’s position are unable to fully move on from their abuse,  even after justice has been done in the courts.
Will the Leader of the House help me to arrange a meeting with the Minister for Safeguarding to discuss a legislative solution to this problem and better support for survivors of domestic violence?
I thank  the right hon.
Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith)  for raising this issue, and for presenting his argument in the way that he did.
We have spoken about this case on a number of occasions, so he will know that I take responsibility for making sure that we make the correct decisions on ARAP.
When I was on the Opposition Front Bench, where  the right hon.
Member for Rayleigh and Wickford (Mr Francois)  is now sitting, I raised concerns about the functioning of the ARAP scheme.
In office, we have made changes to the scheme to make sure that it functions better, which I will come to.
The hon.
Member for North East Fife (Wendy Chamberlain)  mentioned communications, and I believe  the right hon.
Member for New Forest East (Sir Julian Lewis)  quoted the Secretary of State’s comments on the Triples review, but I will address the issues raised by the right hon.
Member for Chingford and Woodford Green in the first instance.
I very much appreciate the right hon.
Member’s advocacy for the individual involved, and his passion for Afghan resettlement in general.
He is absolutely right to say that we owe an obligation to the people who served alongside UK forces.
What we have done with the ARAP scheme is implement as a nation, under the last Government and this one, probably the most generous Afghan relocation scheme of any of the allies that served in Afghanistan, and we have drawn a set of eligibility criteria that—with the exception of the Triples, which I will come to in a moment—have broadly remained the same under this Government and the preceding Government.
I hear the right hon.
Gentleman’s concerns about elements of that, which I will seek to address.
As a former Minister, he will know that I will not be able to address the individual circumstances of the case without permission, so I will make some more general remarks in respect of that individual case.
However, I hope the right hon.
Gentleman will not mind my saying that we have met previously on this matter, and I very much understand and appreciate his ongoing engagement.
I have to be honest with him and say that when he and I first spoke about this case and I was briefed on it, I too was surprised by the decision that was made.
That is why I undertook to take it back to the Department and to check on the eligibility of the case, which I did.