It will set out our vision to deliver growth and economic security and resilience.
Alongside that, the Government are working closely with industry to publish a new critical minerals strategy this year, to help secure our supply chain for the long term and drive forward the green industries of the future.
Economic resilience is a key part of our national resilience.
One of the strongest ways in which the Government can have it is to support the delivery of goods and services via British companies in the first instance.
Does the Minister agree?
Can he update the House on what steps the Government are taking to bolster procurement policies so that they put British supply chains first?
This Government are committed to working with and supporting British industries.
That has been at the heart of our plan for delivery, which is why we have worked across and engaged with industries.
Our industrial strategy is key to ensuring that that happens.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Since our last oral questions session, the Government have secured a historic agreement with the European  Union that removes a huge amount of cost and bureaucracy from our food and drinks industry, that backs British jobs and that will help British consumers.
I thank the Paymaster General for all his excellent work on securing that agreement.
We have also set out details of how we will reform the state, moving thousands of civil service jobs around the country and launching a new apprenticeship scheme so that young people, wherever they live, have a better chance of good work in the public service.
This week, I uncovered the Government’s shocking decision to designate the Oxford to Cambridge railway line as an England and Wales project.
It is clearly nothing of the sort, and the decision will cost Wales £360 million-worth of funding for our own network.
Will the Minister commit to devolving full rail infrastructure powers to Wales in this Parliament?
I urge the hon.
Member to have a little patience until the spending review in a few days’ time.
We got a taste of it yesterday, with the Chancellor announcing funding for major transport projects around the country.
We are investing in public services not just in England, but right across the United Kingdom.
The hon.
Member will hear a lot more about that in a few days’ time.
Despite the majority of hereditary peers leaving the other place and the limitations post- election on the Opposition’s ability to appoint new peers, the House of Lords will remain disproportionately dominated by Opposition peers.
Why not tweak the Fowler recommendations, set a new limit of 500 and legislate for that in the last year of this Parliament?
When that is blocked, as it will be, why not leave reform of the House of Lords to be an issue at the next general election?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his innovative suggestion.
He rightly points out that following the passage of the House of Lords (Hereditary Peers) Bill, the Opposition will remain the largest party in the other place.
That Bill, which we are keen to see on the statute book as soon as possible, is the first step in Lords reform.
The Government set out in our manifesto a number of proposals to bring about a smaller, more active second Chamber that better reflects the country it serves.
I call the shadow Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster.
The Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster has already told the House about plans for a reduction in civil service numbers.
Since he came into office, how many civil service roles in the Cabinet Office and its agencies have been eliminated?
We hope to see a reduction of around 2,000 in Cabinet Office numbers over the next few years.
We have instituted a voluntary exit scheme, which will make the management of headcount easier and will come into force very soon.