We are working closely with our colleagues in the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, who are responsible for managing significant flooding.
This includes the floods resilience taskforce, which I co-chair with the Under-Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull West and Haltemprice (Emma Hardy) .
Earlier this year, we announced that we would commit a record £2.65 billion to build and maintain around 1,000 flood defences to protect lives, homes and businesses, which is a 26% uplift per annum on what the previous Government were spending.
I thank the Minister for her answer.
When it comes to strengthening emergency preparedness, I have to point out that floods do not just  happen in London or Cardiff; they also happen in Northern Ireland, which has the same problems.
Has the Minister had the opportunity to talk to her counterparts in the province to ensure that, when it comes to emergency preparedness, the Department and the councils that have responsibilities in this area work together as the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, so that we can do the same thing wherever we live?
We like to work with the Northern Ireland Executive on this issue.
It is important that we share best practice and deal with the problems across the board.
What steps he is taking to strengthen cyber-security.
What steps he is taking to improve national resilience against cyber-security threats.
Cyber-defence is an important part of our national security, with daily attacks against Government, businesses and individuals.
Members across the House will have seen the recent attacks against British household names such as Marks & Spencer and the Co-op and, indeed, the Government’s own Legal Aid Agency.
Earlier this week, the Prime Minister announced that responsibility for public sector and Government cyber-security will sit with the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology.
That will strengthen technological resilience by better integrating cyber-security and expertise into the Government Digital Service.
In recent weeks, we have seen a series of cyber-attacks on retailers, including on my former employer, Marks & Spencer, and on Government services such as the Legal Aid Agency.
Will the Minister update the House on what discussions he has had with the UK’s National Cyber Security Centre and others to ensure that these incidents are dealt with as swiftly as possible and that more is done to prevent such attacks succeeding in the future?
Earlier this week, I met the chief executive of the National Cyber Security Centre, which works with impacted organisations to investigate what has happened and who is responsible and to help them rebuild.
It has been working with all the organisations that have been hit by recent cyber-attacks.
I also made a speech about these issues at the CYBERUK conference in Manchester a few weeks ago.
I thank the Minister for his answer.
As has been mentioned, we have recently seen attacks against private institutions, with groups such as Marks & Spencer being targeted.
I would be very interested to learn about the approach that has been taken by the statutory organisations and those in the military sphere, but I would like to know what efforts have been made to protect private businesses from cyber-attacks and to  ensure that my constituents in Mid Dunbartonshire and people across the UK have access to their daily essentials.
The hon.
Member is absolutely right.
The National Cyber Security Centre offers advice, guidance and tools such as Cyber Essentials to businesses to help them prepare as best they can for attacks.
Unfortunately, organised crime carries out some of these attacks, and the extortion of money is often at their root.
It is really important that Government, business and individuals prepare as best we can to act against the bad actors who are trying to explore cyber-vulnerabilities and often, as I said, extort money.
I call shadow Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster.