None the less, the deal provides great opportunities for young people.
As I indicated a moment or two ago, we will work towards establishing a balanced youth experience scheme that is time-limited, capped and subject to visa controls, like the 13 we already have with different countries around the world.
Local businesses across Ashford, Hawkinge and the villages have warmly welcomed the new agreement that this Government have signed with the European Union, telling me that it will make it easier for them to sell their products to our largest trading partner.
Does the Minister agree that to build on that agreement, everything possible should be done to find long-term solutions to current post-Brexit uncertainties, such as  the entry/exit system and the regular deployment of Operation Brock on the M20, to help UK-based businesses further develop trading links with Europe?
My hon.
Friend’s local businesses are in agreement with many others that welcomed the package with the EU.
It cuts red tape and opens up access to the EU market.
On Operation Brock, the deployment is a decision for the Kent and Medway resilience forum, but the Department for Transport and Kent partners are working to keep it and other traffic management measures under review to ensure that they are designed and implemented in the most effective way, through actions such as traffic forecasting, using better data and exploring the use of AI for that purpose.
I call the shadow Minister.
I do not know how much longer the love-in will last. [
Hon.
Members: “Aw.”]
I will start off nicely.
The Minister has been commendably clear that the youth mobility scheme must be capped, and has made comparisons with agreements reached by the previous Government with countries such as Australia, Canada and Uruguay.
He will know that last year 9,750 youth mobility visas were issued to Australian nationals, 3,060 to Canadians and just 140 to Uruguayans.
Will he be equally clear in setting out what he thinks would be a reasonable level for that cap, or is it just a matter of whatever Brussels tells him he has to accept?
It certainly will not be; it will be subject to negotiation.
I genuinely welcome the Opposition’s support for a youth mobility scheme.
I think it came as a bit of a surprise to some of their Back Benchers in that debate, but none the less I welcome it.
What I have said—and this is what the wording of the common understanding sets out—is that it has to be balanced, capped and time-limited.
That is the negotiation we will take forward.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I am going to resist all attempts to involve me in a love-in.
However, the Liberal Democrats very much welcome the progress that has been made in the UK-EU reset.
We are particularly pleased to see the Prime Minister listen to our long-standing calls on a defence fund, on a veterinary scheme and on youth mobility, or youth experience—whatever we are calling it now.
The Minister knows that I am going to continue to press him on the matter.
We welcome the announcement, but we need more certainty of the scheme’s scope and timescales.
I am thinking particularly of those young people who want to start making plans for their future, perhaps not for this summer but maybe for next.
Will the youth experience scheme be open to them?
Can they start to plan for experiences in the EU?
May I press the Minister for more detail on the timeline for introducing the scheme?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for her support.
In fairness, she has been supportive of the youth experience scheme throughout.
Having  secured the agreement at the summit, we will obviously move now into a different phase of the negotiations, looking at implementation, whether that is in terms of the link with the emissions trading systems, the sanitary and phytosanitary agreement or the youth experience scheme.