Since he came into office, how many civil service roles in the Cabinet Office and its agencies have been eliminated?
We hope to see a reduction of around 2,000 in Cabinet Office numbers over the next few years.
We have instituted a voluntary exit scheme, which will make the management of headcount easier and will come into force very soon.
The Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster very skilfully talked about the future, rather than the past year.
I will let him know that during the past year, the number of roles in his Department and its agencies has increased by 828.
That cannot give the House a great deal of confidence that his future cuts will be effective.
Will he guarantee that that is a one-off and that he will go back and ensure that the Cabinet Office is actually reduced in size?
The hon.
Gentleman was part of a Government who regularly produced headcount targets for civil servants that were about as reliable as the immigration targets that the Conservatives also produced.
I have made it clear that we do not seek a particular headcount target; it depends on what people do.
We are trying to reduce the overhead spend, but we are prepared to hire more people when it comes to frontline public service delivery.
That is why we are hiring more teachers and getting the waiting lists down.
We are not adopting the hon.
Gentleman’s approach; therefore, I will not fall into the trap that he is trying to set.
Businesses in my constituency often complain about the shocking Brexit deal that the Conservative party gave us, with more costs, more red tape and more paperwork.
That is why Labour Members welcome the new EU deal negotiated by this Government.
Can the Minister set out how businesses in my constituency—in Loughborough, Shepshed and the villages—will benefit from our new grown-up relationship with the European Union?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The package will cut red tape and reduce barriers to trade for businesses; make it easier for businesses to export iconic products such as Melton Mowbray pork pies, Red Leicester cheese and Stilton cheese; and open up wider access to the UK market.
That is why it has been backed right across the business sector.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Fellow right hon.
and hon.
Members will have noticed that some political parties have begun accepting cryptocurrency donations—far be it from me to suggest that this might be an attempt to dodge the transparency requirements for donations.
Does the Minister join me in welcoming the Electoral Commission’s clear guidance that donations that do not come from a permissible or identifiable source must be returned, and will he be speaking with ministerial colleagues in other Departments about making sure that the forthcoming elections Bill ensures that any political donation involving crypto is fully transparent and in line with our laws?
It is absolutely right that as finance evolves, so too must the rules we have to ensure transparency and probity in elections.
Therefore, the rules regarding the source of funding and the bona fide character of the donors must apply whatever currency is involved.
Labour’s plan to make work pay promised to bring about the biggest wave of insourcing of public services in a generation.
Insourced services are  often shown to provide better value for money.
Will the Government provide an update on their work to ensure that public bodies carry out public interest tests when outsourced contracts expire?
The Government are determined to deliver high-quality public services and better value for money for the taxpayer.
We have committed to introducing a public interest test to assess whether expiring contracts could provide better outcomes and better value in-house, and that was included in the national procurement policy statement.