When will we know when the announcements will be made?
The Under-Secretary of State for Education,  the hon.
Member for Portsmouth South (Stephen Morgan) , will shortly give a statement to the House about progress with free school meals.
As part of that statement, I am assured that he will let the House know where we are with the timings of the taskforce and when we can expect the report.
Many of my constituents have been deeply distressed by the story of Beth Martin, a mum of two from my constituency who tragically died in unclear circumstances on holiday in Turkey last month.
My thoughts and sympathies go out to her husband Luke and her two children, and indeed to all who love her.
I thank the Minister of State, Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cardiff South and Penarth (Stephen Doughty)  for his sensitive and swift work.
Will the Leader of the House please make time for him to update me on his work internationally regarding this devastating death?
I am really sorry to hear about that distressing case.
I am sure the whole House will join me in sending our thoughts to Beth’s husband Luke and her two young children at this awful time.
I am pleased to hear that the Minister has been working with her.
I will ensure that that continues and that she is kept constantly updated.
I thank the Leader of the House for the Government’s assurance that the Chagos islands treaty will be debated in the House.
May I draw her attention to the prayer of early-day motion 1398, tabled by my right hon.
Friend the Leader of the Opposition and others?
[That the Agreement, done at London and Port Louis on  22 May 2025 , between the Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the Government of the Republic of Mauritius concerning the Chagos Archipelago including Diego Garcia, should not be ratified.]
Compliant with the Constitutional Reform and Governance Act 2010, a debate is required within 21 sitting days of laying a treaty before the House.
The treaty was laid on  22 May .
Will the Government give an assurance that the motion will be debated in Government time before the expiry of those 21 days so that the House gets a proper opportunity to decide whether the treaty should be ratified?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising that issue.
As he knows, the agreement was laid before both Houses on  22 May , and under the Constitutional Reform and Governance Act both Houses have 21 sitting days—running to  3 July —to scrutinise and lay, as he said, anything they want to on that.
We will ensure that the full CRaG process is followed at all times.
He will be aware that, in addition, we will introduce legislation to implement the agreement, and there will be ample time for the House to consider the Bill to ratify the treaty.
I am delighted to have championed additional funding of more than £10 million for the Royal Wolverhampton NHS trust and over £1 million for Walsall Manor hospital for essential work and upgrades.
Let us contrast that to the Tories, who oversaw a backlog of maintenance and crumbling hospitals.
Will the Leader of the House meet me to continue championing safe, modern, future-fit facilities for patients and hard-working staff in Wolverhampton North East?
I am really pleased that the Government have ensured that the funding is there to provide the vital upgrades needed for the Royal Wolverhampton NHS trust.
My hon.
Friend is right that we inherited a hospital capital programme that was a work of fiction; there was not a penny allocated to many of the promises that had been made.
We have now set out a clear timetable with allocated funding so that her hospital and many others can get the improvements they desperately need.