That way we have a virtuous circle to help clean up our waterways.
What recent discussions he has had with the National Farmers Union on the adequacy of Government support for farmers.
As the hon.
Gentleman would expect, I have regular meetings with all the key stakeholders, and I speak to the National Farmers Union on a regular basis.
My local NFU representative, Gillian van der Meer, makes clear her concerns and those of many other local farmers about the impact of Labour’s family  farm tax.
I find it extraordinary that the Minister seems to think that, even if we accept his figures, it is okay that hundreds of farms will be affected.
I appreciate that a U-turn can be difficult in the Westminster bubble, but I find the public are much more understanding and would welcome the Government realising that they have got this wrong.
Does he agree that they have got this policy wrong and that it is time for a rethink?
What I would say is that I have had more meetings with Tom Bradshaw over the past few weeks than I have had for a long, long time, for reasons that are entirely obvious.
I was grateful to him for congratulating the Government on getting a very good financial settlement for farmers when he addressed the egg and poultry industry conference on Monday in Newport, Wales.
I was grateful that he recognised that.
What steps he plans to take to support nature-friendly farming.
I point the hon.
Lady to the extraordinary transformation that is under way, with the huge amount of extra money going into the sustainable farm incentive and our environmental land management schemes this year.
It is the biggest transformation on record.
I recognise the very welcome shift towards nature-friendly farming, which offers environmental, social and economic benefits—not just nature protection, but good healthy food and good jobs—yet the farmer-led Nature Friendly Farming Network argues that the agriculture budget needs to be more than doubled to £6 billion a year.
Will the Minister press his Treasury colleagues to put more money into nature-friendly farming to secure a sustainable future for UK farming?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for her support for the transition that we are undertaking.
In fact, I was speaking to Martin Lines from the Nature Friendly Farming Network only yesterday evening.
He and many of his colleagues are delighted with the transition that we are making, but, as ever, the Greens’ grasp of economics is limited.
What recent progress his Department has made on investigating crustacean die-offs along the north-east coast in 2021.
An independent expert panel reviewed the 2021 crustacean die-off event and published its findings last year.
It could not identify a clear single cause for the crustacean mortality.
The Government are keeping the situation under review and a coastal health programme was recently established to improve coastal monitoring.
The die-off on the north-east coast has devastated an industry that has served Hartlepool for generations.
Fishermen, such as my constituent Stan Rennie,  and their families want three things: support in the face of their livelihoods being decimated; a plan to repopulate and rebuild their industry; and, finally, answers to how this happened in the first place.
Will the Minister meet me and fishermen from Hartlepool to discuss a way forward on this issue?
My hon.
Friend is a passionate defender of his community.
I extend my sympathy to all those who find themselves under pressure when these kind of events happen and I would be very happy to meet him to discuss the matter further.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to ensure that future international trade agreements support the farming sector.
Supporting farmers is a priority of this Government.
We have been clear that we will protect farmers from being undercut by low welfare and low standards in trade deals.