It’s for the Government.”
It is a classic policy of having no plan to fix the mess.
They have provided no clarity on their position on thresholds, and failed to take responsibility for what they did over 14 years in government.
My Conservative-controlled council in the London borough of Bexley had to apply for a capitalisation order three years ago and make 15% of our staff redundant.
Despite that, it still overspent its budget every month for over two years, and is currently overspending on the safety valve agreement made with the previous Government.
In addition, the Conservative leader of the council, in responding to a question from me last year, accepted that she was part of the LGA Conservative group executive that published a manifesto last year asking their own Government to remove caps on council tax.
Given that, does my hon.
Friend agree that it is rank hypocrisy for the Conservative party to complain now about black holes in council finances?
I absolutely do, and the Government are determined to extract from the Opposition some clarity on their position on thresholds.
Do they agree with the LGA Conservative group, which has called for the caps on council tax to be removed?
Do they want those caps to be reduced?
We are still none the wiser.
Hopefully, we can find out in the weeks and months to come.
As a member of a council for more than 30 years—like other Members of this House, I am still one—I have to say that, in the last few years, I have not met a single councillor from any political party across the local government family who does not believe that local government finance is in its worst state for decades.
The latest LGA figures indicate that in Labour authorities, council tax is £276 lower than in Conservative authorities.
Does the Minister agree that this shows that Labour councils, the Labour party and the Labour Government provide better value for money?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Labour councils charge less on average than Tory councils, and the councils with the lowest rates of council tax are all Labour.
Council tax bills in Labour councils are on average £345 less than in Tory councils.
When it comes to local government financing and council tax pressures, people are right to vote Labour.
It will ensure that their council tax is lower than if they were under a Conservative local authority.
I am a former local government leader.
Does the Minister agree that we should thank local authority leaders, especially Labour leaders such as Pete Marland at Milton Keynes city council, for keeping services during 14 years of austerity?
Milton Keynes city council has kept weekly bin collections, kept children’s centres open and reduced rough sleeping, while keeping council tax lower than in its neighbouring Tory authorities.
Does the Minister agree that instead of using local authority leaders to make cheap political points, the Conservative party should thank them and apologise for 14 years of austerity?
My hon.
Friend makes a good point.
I extend the Government’s appreciation to all local government leaders—I mean that in a cross-party spirit—for what they have done to keep services going despite the pressures that they have faced over the past 14 years, when the previous Government ran down local government.
We should thank local government leaders, and this Government do.
We want to consult them on how we rebuild the system after 14 years of pressure, and we would be more than happy to work across the Chamber and have a mature, cross-party conversation about we fix this mess.
That will not happen if the political game-playing from the Opposition continues.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care if he will make a statement on the impact of changes to employer national insurance contributions on primary care providers, hospices and care homes.
I am grateful to the hon.