Friend’s council about how we tackle this together.
Fly-tipping is a growing concern among residents of Stafford, Eccleshall and the villages.
Many constituents are increasingly frustrated with the persistent illegal dumping of waste.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how her Department is cleaning up the mess left by the last Government and how the proposed measures will directly address fly-tipping and improve the situation for my constituents?
I am aware of some serious incidents in my hon.
Friend’s constituency, including one where a significant amount of rubbish was fly-tipped on a driveway  near a school and pupils suffered bad health impacts.
I am concerned that the carrier, broker and dealer regime that the last Government left is far too weak and not fit for purpose.
I am actively considering how the regime can be reviewed, and I will be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to hear her input.
It is nice to see the hon.
Lady back in the House and elevated to a Government position—well done.
The Northern Ireland Environment Agency has revealed that it has cleaned up some 306 illegal waste sites in the last two years, with taxpayers footing the bill of half a million pounds—equivalent to 15 nurses’ wages.
What discussions has the Minister had with the Minister in the Department of Agriculture, Environment and Rural Affairs back home in Northern Ireland about the cost associated with fly-tipping?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his kind remarks.
I met his colleague from DAERA at an inter-ministerial group in September.
I am aware of the concerns in rural areas about fly-tipping, which blights swathes of our countryside.
I am working with the National Farmers Union and others through the National Fly-Tipping Prevention Group to promote good practice, including on private land.
We know from the national waste crime survey that 86% of landowners and farmers have been affected by this terrible crime.
What steps he is taking to improve food security.
The hon.
Lady will know that there are many facets to food security, but the £5 billion budget settlement for the next two years sends an important message to food producers about the stability and continuity they can look forward to.
Our work on supply chain fairness will add to that, and we will be making more announcements in the coming weeks and months.
Today, the Chancellor is hailing the benefits of free trade in a plea to Donald Trump.
However, any future trade deal with the United States will enable cheap food, such as hormone-treated beef, to flood our markets, which would be devastating for farmers and food security.
Will the Secretary of State take this opportunity to rule out any trade deal that undermines our British farmers?
We have always been very clear that we will do nothing in trade deals that would undermine this country’s important standards.
I call the shadow Minister.
Food security is national security, and underpinning it are farmers and farmland.
Labour’s ill-judged and heartless family farm tax will put all of that in jeopardy: family farms lost; tenant farmers unable to continue farming; communities hollowed out; rural mental health damaged; and precious food-producing land lost to developers or investors.
No farms, no food.
No farmers, no food.
Will the Government please now admit that they have got  this catastrophically wrong?
Will they do the right thing by reversing this farm tax to protect our country’s food security?
I welcome the hon.
Gentleman to his place.
Let me say once again that it is important to treat this subject carefully.
We must look at the facts and listen to people who know about it.
I was asked earlier by someone else whether this measure was wrong, but we should look at what Paul Johnson of the Institute for Fiscal Studies and other tax experts have said.
There are many ways in which this can be managed, and I encourage the hon.