What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to ensure that future international trade agreements support the farming sector.
Supporting farmers is a priority of this Government.
We have been clear that we will protect farmers from being undercut by low welfare and low standards in trade deals.
We are also working to reset our relationship with our European friends to strengthen ties and tackle barriers, and helping boost trade to the EU through a UK-EU sanitary and phytosanitary veterinary agreement.
Some farmers benefited from international trade agreements under the previous Government.
Unfortunately, it was mostly Australian and New Zealand farmers, not British farmers, who benefited.
Will my hon.
Friend confirm that this Government will prioritise British farmers who want to export, not least those  who want to export to the European Union, through a veterinary agreement with the EU?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that what happened to the British farming industry was one of the great betrayals of the previous Government.
Those trade deals did no credit to our country, but we will take a different approach and develop a much more constructive relationship with our near neighbours.
Therefore, the answer to my hon.
Friend’s question is yes.
There will be small point in protecting farmers in international trade agreements if Government policy is undermining those same farmers domestically.
How many thousands of farmers will it take to clog up Parliament Square next Tuesday before the Government realise that their inheritance tax policy is very deeply flawed?
Once again, I direct right the hon.
Gentleman back to the figures from the Treasury, which show that the numbers affected are under 500.
That is the answer to his question.
What steps his Department is taking to help ensure that the independent commission on the water sector regulatory system strengthens regulation.
The independent commission on the water sector was launched on  23 October  and will be chaired by Sir Jon Cunliffe.
It is the biggest review of the industry since privatisation and will report next summer.
It will focus on boosting investability, speeding up the delivery of water infrastructure and cleaning up our waterways.
Southern Water is responsible for blighting beaches with raw sewage along Ramsgate, Margate and Broadstairs, yet it plans on increasing household bills by 73% over the next five years, and the chief executive officers of Southern Water have received £4 million over the last five years in bonuses and salaries.
Will the new independent commission do something about this egregious situation?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on campaigning for her local water consumers.
She is right to point to the wide failings across the system.
We have charged Sir Jon Cunliffe with leading a commission that will look at how we can completely reset the sector—regulation, governance and how the sector operates—so that the levels of pollution and failure under the previous Government can never be repeated.
In 2013, the previous Government introduced a rebate of £50 per household on the water bills of customers in the far south-west.
With 3% of the country’s population paying to keep a third of our bathing beaches clean on lower-than-average salaries, will the Secretary of State please reconsider the decision to scrap that rebate for constituents such as mine, which was quietly announced just before the recess?
It is important that support is targeted at the most vulnerable, so we will look at what more can be done through social tariffs to support families who are at risk of being unable to pay future water bills.
It is right that we prioritise the poorest.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
As we have heard this morning, the public are rightly furious about the filthy, polluted state in which the previous Administration left our rivers, lakes and seas.
That is why there is such strong support for the Water (Special Measures) Bill, which is working its way through Parliament.