He raises an incredibly important point.
This Government in general are committed to raising standards and rebuilding trust in the justice system.
That means regulators working effectively with investigators in the public interest.
He will know that, in accordance with long-established practice, it would not be proper for me to comment on the specific case that he mentions, but I can assure him that we will be working to ensure that regulators are working effectively with investigators in the public interest.
What steps she has taken with the Crown Prosecution Service to ensure that the victims’ right to review scheme is operating effectively.
The victims’ right to review scheme is a vital mechanism for ensuring that victims have the right to request a review of certain prosecutor decisions, either not to start a prosecution or to stop a prosecution.
We are continuing to work with our partners, including the CPS, so that the victims’ right to review scheme operates as effectively as possible to deliver for victims the justice they rightly deserve.
In my short time in this place, I have been shocked and concerned by the rates of violence against women in my constituency of Monmouthshire.
Many constituents have reached out to me for support.
I am pleased that the Government are aiming to halve violence against women and girls in the next decade, but can the Solicitor General tell us what proportion of violence against women cases request reviews?
How are victims supported through the process, because it is incredibly difficult to maximise their ability to exercise their right to review?
We are looking at the victim’s right to review scheme closely.
It is informing the subject discussions that I hope to have later today with the Director of Public Prosecutions.
We are also working closely with the Victims’ Commissioner, who is raising issues around how we might reform this process.
I can assure my hon.
Friend that the CPS is looking at this matter closely.
One thing it is introducing is that where no evidence is offered for the most serious rape and serious sexual offences, that decision is reviewed by a deputy Crown prosecutor before it is taken.
That oversight is already producing results.
What recent discussions she has had with regional mayors on rates of prosecution for street crime.
What recent discussions she has had with regional mayors on rates of prosecution for street crime.
Council leaders and regional mayors play an important role in tackling the unprecedented challenges that this Government inherited.
We are committed   to working closely with local leaders to deliver the safer streets that our communities deserve.
I have already met several deputy mayors, mayors and council leaders to discuss these important matters, and we will continue to do so in the months ahead.
Shoplifting is a major concern for my constituents, businesses and retail workers in Weston-super-Mare, many of whom have contacted me for support.
Shoplifting has increased massively, with more than 1,000 cases these past 12 months.
That is a 31% annual increase.
To reassure my constituents, can the Solicitor General outline what steps she is taking to prosecute those responsible for shoplifting?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise this important issue.
Shoplifting is a scourge in many of our constituencies.
That is why this Government are committed to introducing respect orders and beefing up legislation to tackle persistent antisocial behaviour.
We are also working with the CPS to ensure that we clamp down on assaults against shopworkers, which will be part of a new stand-alone offence, and we are re-committing to prosecuting in these core areas.
The Solicitor General will be aware of concerns about knife and violent crime in many communities, including Huddersfield.
In particular, there are serious concerns about how children and young people are being criminally exploited in wider county lines gangs.