As I have made clear, we do not recognise the £2.4 billion figure.
It fails to take into account increases that I have already mentioned, such as the £300 million increase in business rates income and the £300 million increase in income from new, additional houses.
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right that we expect council tax to raise £1.8 billion in 2025-26, but that is in line with the previous Government’s spending plans and baked into the OBR forecast as of March 2024.
As a former deputy council leader, I am somewhat amazed by the collective amnesia of Conservative Members.
The hon.
Member for Ruislip, Northwood and Pinner (David Simmonds)  spoke of what “constrains” local government spending power.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that it is 60% cuts, such as those that Southampton city council has suffered for 14 years, that have really reduced that spending power, and does he agree that rather than faux outrage, what we need is an apology?
I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend.
We deserve an apology, but I doubt that we will get one.
Before 2010, it was vanishingly rare for councils to fall into serious financial difficulty.
Since then, nine councils have been affected in just 14 years.
There is a pattern here.
For too long, the Conservative Government not only failed to carry out their duty to local government, but hollowed out frontline services and crashed the economy.
We are turning that around with the support that we are providing to local government in the Budget.
We will set out more details in the local government settlement early next year, as I have mentioned.
As the Minister will know, although we do not have council tax per se in Northern Ireland, the pressures on our family finances  are on a par with those on the UK mainland.
The Government need to be clear about just how much further the finances of average families will be stretched, because this is a very worrying trend.
What extra help can families, especially disabled families, expect to receive this year?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question, which relates to an earlier one.
I think that, in the urgent question, the Opposition failed to account for the various other sources of support that we are providing for families.
We are continuing the household support fund—that is £1 billion.
There is a £1 billion uplift for special educational needs.
There is UK shared prosperity funding of £900 million—the list goes on, but if the hon.
Gentleman wishes to discuss the specific conditions in Northern Ireland further, I am more than happy to pass on that request to the Local Government Minister.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests: I am a vice-president of the Local Government Association; Opposition Front Benchers might want to reflect on that.
My hon.
Friend mentioned front; I could talk about the Opposition’s brass neck in talking about concerns about the pressures that local councils face.
Does he agree that 14 years of Conservative austerity, initially with the Liberal Democrats, devastated the ability of many councils, including Luton council, to provide much- needed services to families in our constituencies?
I have been a local councillor, as have many Members of this House.
The hon.
Member for Ruislip, Northwood and Pinner (David Simmonds)  has been a council leader, so he will know what has happened to the system over the past 14 years.
The Opposition continue to claim that there is a multibillion-pound black hole in local council budgets.
When asked how they would fix it, however, they said, “It’s not for us to do; we’re in opposition.
It’s for the Government.”
It is a classic policy of having no plan to fix the mess.
They have provided no clarity on their position on thresholds, and failed to take responsibility for what they did over 14 years in government.