What are the Government’s plans to force the water companies to upgrade their infrastructure and bring an end to those foul, smelly spills that are blighting the lives of local residents?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
He is a strong campaigner in his constituency against the failings of the water company and the high levels of pollution resulting from the failures of the previous Government, so I know that he is backing the Water (Special Measures) Bill that is working its way through Parliament, and that he will support Sir Jon  Cunliffe’s commission, as we seek to reset the sector by changing its regulation and governance so that it works better for consumers and the environment.
The puffins and other native seabirds in my constituency on the Isle of May were very grateful for the ban on sand eel fishing and trawling, but that ban is now subject to legal challenge.
Will the Secretary of State commit to fighting that legal challenge?
The hon.
Lady raises an important question.
That is a delicate issue because it has been raised by the European Union, but we are absolutely determined to maintain our position.
I welcome the record allocation for agriculture in the Budget.
However, the simple fact is that that agriculture budget is no good if it stays in the Whitehall coffers.
Last year, there was a £300 million underspend in the agriculture budget, worth more than £1,400 on average for every single farm holding in the country.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to guarantee that every single penny of that budget gets to communities such as Lichfield, Burntwood and the villages?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
It is extraordinary, given all the sound and fury from the Opposition, that they did not even spend the money that was available.
This Government will ensure that every penny we have gets to farmers, because we are on the side of British farmers, rather than whipping them up in the kind of irresponsible way that the Conservative party has been doing.
Family farms across West Dorset fear closure as a result of the Government’s planned changes to agricultural property relief and business property relief, and I urge Ministers to rethink the policy.
The Budget also included the announcement of a UK carbon border adjustment mechanism to be introduced on 1 January 2027.
That will place a carbon price on goods imported to the UK, including fertiliser.
A carbon tax on fertiliser will only increase the cost of production for farmers struggling to compete with cheap imports, and drive up costs for consumers.
What assessment has been made of that?
The proposal for a carbon border adjustment mechanism was supported by the previous Government, and we have confirmed it.
It is complicated in the way it will work, and it will not affect people before 2027-28.
The Liberal Democrats have shown once again that when it comes to environmental issues, they cannot be trusted.
Residents in Woodborough village have faced the devastation of flooding far too many times in recent years.
Will my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State therefore work with me, Woodborough flood action group and Woodborough parish council to bring forward a much-needed flood alleviation scheme for that village?
Protecting communities from flooding is a top priority.
That is why we have launched the flood resilience taskforce and are investing £2.4 billion over this year and the next to improve flood resilience.
We have also announced another £50 million investment into the internal drainage boards.
I commend my hon.
Friend for his work with local flood action groups, and I am keen to hear how the matter progresses throughout this Parliament.
Last year, the River Lambourn suffered 266 sewage spills from storm overflows, causing irreversible harm to a rare chalk stream.
Will the relevant Minister meet me urgently to discuss plans to address that in Newbury?