Member for Thirsk and Malton (Kevin Hollinrake)  chunters from a sedentary position, and we have confirmed that when it comes to thresholds, we intend to maintain the position as it was under the previous Government, and as baked into the Office for Budget Responsibility forecast for the spending period.
The Opposition really do have to answer this question: are they saying that the thresholds should be removed or increased, or are they saying that they should be reduced and core services cut?
Unfortunately, it is not for the Opposition to answer the questions—they are in opposition.
The Chancellor and the International Monetary Fund are known to favour ending council tax and replacing it with a wider property tax.
The Welsh Labour Government tried to revalue all the properties in Wales for council tax purposes.
Can the Government rule out doing either of those things?
I am not going to get into speculating about more fundamental reform of the council tax system.
As I have in a number of my responses to this urgent question, the Government will set out their position on the thresholds, and on other matters in respect of the local government finance settlement, at the appropriate point early in the new year.
York is the lowest-funded unitary authority in the country, but has one of the highest costs of living.
That puts real pressure on it.
We are also among the poorest-funded for health, fire and police services.
When the Minister looks at the funding formula for local government, will he look at the presumptions made, to ensure more equity in the way it is put together?
As I have said repeatedly— I commit to it again—we are determined to ensure that there is a fair funding settlement for local government, and as I have said, more details will be forthcoming in the settlement early next year.
Labour used to say that it would freeze council tax.
Can the Minister now confirm that its policy is actually to put council tax up because of the flawed, broken promise on national insurance?
No, that is not the case.
We are maintaining the policy of the previous Government, which, as per the OBR forecast, estimated that £1.8 billion will be raised through council tax.
The position of the Government is that it will maintain the thresholds.
If the hon.
Gentleman thinks differently, he should tell House what his position is on thresholds: should they be reduced or increased?
I am pleased about the support for first and second-tier councils and the commitment to fair funding, which will make a real difference in, for instance, Cornwall.
However, in unitary authorities such as ours, where a great many services have been shared, larger town councils have had to step up and take the strain, but have not had the grants and other measures that have been available to those first and second-tier councils.
Could the appropriate Minister meet me to discuss the position of larger town councils in Cornwall?
I am more than happy to commit the Local Government Minister to a meeting with my hon.
Friend.
During Prime Minister’s questions yesterday, the Government accepted that they were giving councils a maximum of £600 million, but the Local Government Association has said that there is £2.4 billion worth of pressure.
Does the Minister accept that councils will have to increase their tax by about £1.8 billion to fill the gap between what the Government are offering them and what they need to provide local services?
As I have made clear, we do not recognise the £2.4 billion figure.
It fails to take into account increases that I have already mentioned, such as the £300 million increase in business rates income and the £300 million increase in income from new, additional houses.
The hon.