The right hon.
Gentleman is right about the importance of ensuring adequate flood protection when we build new homes.
Yesterday, we announced a review of the flood funding formula.
We will be looking at nature-based solutions and sustainable urban drainage systems, so I hope that offers him some reassurance.
I associate myself with the Minister’s remarks about the flood victims in Spain.
Flood victims in Tenbury Wells were concerned to see in the Budget Red Book that capital spending on flood defences is under review.
Will the Minister tell the House whether the bid that she will be making to the spending review for flood defences will be higher or lower than it is currently?
The hon.
Lady and I have met many times to discuss the issue of flooding.
I can reassure her that we will be investing £2.4 billion over the next two years to improve flood resilience by maintaining, repairing and building flood defences.
What steps he is taking to help tackle unlawful discharges of sewage into waterways by water companies.
What steps his Department is taking to help prevent water pollution by utility companies.
I welcome the new shadow Ministers to their place—as well, of course, the returning one.
Under the previous Government, water companies got away with discharging record levels of sewage into our rivers, lakes and seas, leaving them in an appalling  polluted state.
That is why we are taking immediate action to place the water companies under special measures, with legislation going through Parliament right now that will ban the payment of unfair bonuses to water company executives.
We have also launched a commission that will lead a root and branch review of the entire sector, so that we can clean up our waterways for good.
In my constituency of Stratford-on-Avon, the River Avon and its tributaries have been heavily polluted by untreated sewage discharges.
We know this because of a citizen science project, which sees residents testing for pollutants regularly along the rivers and brooks.
Their efforts are supported by community initiatives such as SafeAvon and groups like Stratford Climate Action.
Will the Government commit to and resource a national environmental monitoring strategy to better understand the overall health of water bodies, and will they commit to requiring water companies to monitor volumes as well as duration of storm overflows?
The hon.
Lady is quite right to be concerned about the state of the River Avon.
We want to move towards a catchment-based approach to water, so we can look at all the inputs and be clear about how we can clean them up.
Her point about monitoring will be considered by the commission led by Sir Jon Cunliffe.
I hope that she and other colleagues will make their submissions to Sir Jon for his review, which is due to conclude in 2025.
I wholeheartedly welcome the Water (Special Measures) Bill as a package of reforms to end the systemic dumping of sewage into our rivers, lakes and seas by water companies, while huge sums are being paid out by the same firms to shareholders.
However, laws are only ever as good as their enforcement, and effective enforcement requires adequate resourcing.
Will the Secretary of State consider how the enforcement agencies might be self-funding to a degree, with money raised from fines levied on polluting water firms reinvested into the likes of the Environment Agency?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
He will be reassured to know that precisely the points he raises will be brought into law in the Water (Special Measures) Bill, which will soon be arriving in the Chamber, so that polluters will pay for further enforcement action.
That way we have a virtuous circle to help clean up our waterways.
What recent discussions he has had with the National Farmers Union on the adequacy of Government support for farmers.
As the hon.