We must look at the facts and listen to people who know about it.
I was asked earlier by someone else whether this measure was wrong, but we should look at what Paul Johnson of the Institute for Fiscal Studies and other tax experts have said.
There are many ways in which this can be managed, and I encourage the hon.
Gentleman to join me in reassuring British farmers about their future.
What progress the floods resilience taskforce has made on protecting at-risk communities from flooding.
What progress the floods resilience taskforce has made on protecting at-risk communities from flooding.
I am sure the whole House will join me in expressing sympathy with the communities of the Valencia region and across Spain following the dreadful flooding.
This Government’s floods resilience taskforce marks a new approach by national, regional and local government, and by flood risk partners, to better co-ordinate flood preparedness.
It met on  12 September , with 40 attendees from 27 organisations agreeing actions including sharing learning from recent floods.
This Government will invest £2.4 billion over the next two years to improve flood resilience by maintaining, repairing and building flood defences.
Yesterday, at the Association of Drainage Authorities conference, I announced that we will allocate a further £50 million to the internal drainage boards.
I also send my best wishes to the citizens of Valencia and the surrounding region.
As the Secretary of State knows very well, the village of Upper Tean is frequently affected by flooding and sewage discharges.
After visiting the Environment Agency, it was suggested that the parish council should set up a flood action group to help to tackle the causes and prevent further impacts of flooding.
Will the Secretary of State and the Minister responsible for flooding meet me to discuss the support they can offer to the village in setting up a flood action group?
I was delighted to hear that the village is proactively setting up a flood action group.
Of course, I appreciate the wonderful work that my hon.
Friend is doing to support the village.
The Government fully support collaboration between risk management authorities, including local Environment Agency teams and local communities, and we are committed to hearing from people on the ground via the new taskforce.
Of course, I would be happy to meet them.
I welcome my hon.
Friend’s answer.
We talk a lot in this House about extreme weather and flooding, but we do not talk enough about the vital role  that our internal drainage boards play in protecting and keeping safe our agricultural land and farming.
I welcome the Government’s inclusion of the internal drainage boards on the taskforce, and I welcome the money that the Minister put into the system yesterday.
That is in stark contrast with the first actions of the 2010 Conservative Government, who cut flood defences by a horrifying 27%.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating the work of my internal drainage board and outline how she will work with it in future?
I was delighted to speak at the Association of Drainage Authorities conference yesterday, to champion its work and to announce that, after listening to it very carefully, we will provide £50 million over two years—[Interruption.]
In answer to the chuntering, the first part has already been spent.
Many of my constituents who live south of Salisbury are concerned about the interaction between flood risk assessments and new house building.
Will the Minister assure the House that her work is fully integrated with the Government’s house building plans so that people can be reassured that, when land is designated for building new homes, flood risk is properly taken into account so that house building is restricted if there are no mitigations in place?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right about the importance of ensuring adequate flood protection when we build new homes.
Yesterday, we announced a review of the flood funding formula.