Friend for his work with local flood action groups, and I am keen to hear how the matter progresses throughout this Parliament.
Last year, the River Lambourn suffered 266 sewage spills from storm overflows, causing irreversible harm to a rare chalk stream.
Will the relevant Minister meet me urgently to discuss plans to address that in Newbury?
I can certainly ensure that the relevant Minister meets the hon.
Gentleman.
I hope that he will also feed his views into Sir Jon Cunliffe’s review, as Sir Jon will be considering catchment-wide approaches that will better protect chalk streams.
Will my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State update the House on progress in creating three new national forests, and, as it is my birthday, may I extend to him an invitation to visit Macclesfield forest in my constituency?
I wish my hon.
Friend a very happy birthday, and I join him in celebrating the 75-year anniversary of the National Parks and Access to the Countryside Act 1949.
That pioneering Labour Government created groundbreaking laws so that every citizen could have access to nature’s beauty.
We will protect that access, and we will set up three new national forests—and who knows where they will be?
In our increasingly volatile world, I am sure the Secretary of State will agree that food security is of growing importance to our national resilience.
I hope he will commit the new Government to continuing to publish the annual food security index, with the next update coming at next year’s farm to fork summit.
It is a pleasure to take a question from the distinguished former Prime Minister.
We are reviewing the data that we can publish, and we want to be as open and transparent as possible.
I think that is good for the sector and good for scrutiny, but we will announce in due course precisely how it will operate.
I thank the Under-Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull West and Haltemprice (Emma Hardy) , for coming back to me about the River Hipper scheme, which is of huge importance in my constituency.
May I invite her to come to Chesterfield to meet people affected by the flood and see the Holymoorside scheme, which could make a real difference?
It is always a pleasure to work with  my hon.
Friend, and I know how passionately and well he campaigned for his community during the last   floods, and how deeply the situation moved him.
Of course I would be more than happy to continue to work with him.
I call the Chair of the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee.
I congratulate the Secretary of State, and indeed the Chancellor of the Exchequer, on the achievement of the Budget: in 23 years in this House, I have never seen such a degree of unity among farming organisations in their response to it.
One point on which there seems to be no disagreement is that the removal of the ringfence around agricultural payments to Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland is a bad move.
Nobody asked for it.
Why did the Government do it, and what do they expect to achieve with it?
The right hon.
Gentleman will be aware that we have announced the biggest Budget for sustainable farming—£5 billion over the next two years—in the history of our country, and that is to be welcomed by everybody in the sector and everybody who cares about it.
This is a Government who believe in devolution.
We believe that devolved Administrations should have the right to take decisions about their own countries.
The consequentials mean that the appropriate level of funding will continue to go to those devolved Administrations, and our support for devolution means that the devolved Administrations will take their own decisions about the best way to spend it.
Chester zoo, in the constituency of my hon.