For the care sector, the changes will cost £2.4 billion, dwarfing the £600 million in social care support that was announced.
Does the Minister accept that it is inevitable that council tax will have to rise to support the increase in NICs?
For the first time, the National Pharmacy Association has announced collective action.
Its chair said:
“The sense of anger among pharmacy owners has been intensified exponentially by the Budget, with its hike in national insurance employers’ contributions and the unfunded national living wage increase, which has tipped even more pharmacies to the brink.”
Will the Minister clarify who is exempt from NI?
Will the Government admit that they got it wrong and make a change?
The Prime Minister, Health Secretary and Chancellor have all said that allocations will be made “in the usual way”.
Will the Minister clarify what the usual way is?
Will mitigations be put in black and white to the House and the public?
Is this part of the £20 billion, or new funding?
More importantly, will the Minister lay out a concrete timetable for hospices, care homes, GPs, pharmacists and all other allied health professionals, who are making decisions now?
This seems to be another example of a big headline from the Labour party but no detail.
Well, really.
I am quite dumbfounded by the hon.
Gentleman’s response.
I respect him for his professional practice, and he knows the state of the NHS that we inherited from the previous Government, as reported in Lord Darzi’s report.
He talks about joy, but there was no joy when we inherited the mess they left back in July.
He talks about people being tipped to the brink, and they absolutely were, as Lord Darzi made clear.
As I said, we will go through the allocation of additional funding in the normal process, which will be faster than under the previous Government because we are committed to giving the sector much more certainty.
The normal process, as the hon.
Gentleman should know from his time in government, is to go through the mandate and the planning guidance and to talk to the sector about the allocations due next April, as I said in my opening statement.
Does my hon.
Friend join me in welcoming the Opposition’s new interest in social care?
Does she further agree that the problems that social care faces owe more to the previous Government’s failure to do anything with Andrew Dilnot’s 2011 report than they do to anything that is happening now with national insurance?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point.
When I joined this House in 2015, I remember that the first act of the new, non-coalition Conservative Government was to take the legs from underneath that social care commitment by postponing the Care Act 2014.
They cynically said at the time that they would bring it forward by 2020, which they thought would coincide with the next general election.
We all saw how that went.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The increase in employer national insurance contributions will erode the very investment in the NHS that the Budget sought to prioritise.
Katie, a GP from Lindfield in Mid Sussex, wrote to me saying that the NICs increases
“serve to directly undermine access and patient care.”