We are working closely together to crack down on corruption, fraud, and bribery, and I assure my hon.
Friend that the SFO is working incredibly hard in that area.
In 2023-24, more than 16,000 crimes involving fraud were committed in Scotland.
Since crime of that kind is often committed online and observes no borders, will the Solicitor General advise the Chamber on whether the UK and Scottish fraud offices are co-operating on that issue?
My hon.
Friend is correct to say that so often these terrible crimes do not respect borders.
Fraud that is specific to Scotland is investigated by Police Scotland and prosecuted by the Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service, which works closely with English-based agencies and the SFO where it is appropriate to do so.
This Government are committed to strengthening the Union, and that extends to law enforcement in this area.
I warmly welcome my hon.
Friend the shadow Solicitor General to her post—it is good to see her back—and I thank the Solicitor General for her kind words.
I equally warmly welcome the advent of a “failure to prevent” offence in relation to certain kinds of economic crime.
The Solicitor General will agree that the purpose of that exercise is not to engender further prosecutions but to change behaviour.
Will she therefore reassure the House that she will work with colleagues across Government to ensure that businesses receive all the advice they need about how to put in place the reasonable anti-fraud measures that will give them a defence under that new offence?
I thank the right hon.
and learned Gentleman for his question.
Just this week guidance was published by the Home Office in conjunction with other organisational partners and the SFO in relation to preventing fraud, and that will of course entail working with business to ensure that it is operating as effectively as it can for those who are impacted by fraud, both individuals and businesses alike.
Not so long ago a TV programme—I think it was “Panorama”—showed that dirty money and bribery was moving from Latvia to Germany and Northern Ireland, and it clearly showed that international criminal gangs and paramilitary groups are working together.
Has the Solicitor General had an opportunity to discuss how better to tackle those gangs, for instance by working better regionally, or by working together with the Republic of Ireland to ensure that we combat those groups?
I cannot comment on any specific cases, but I know from my discussions with the director of the SFO that it is alive to those cross-jurisdictional issues.
That is part of the purpose of the additional investment that the Government have provided to the SFO to ensure that its processes, investigations, and case management are as effective and nimble as they can be, including in tackling those cross-jurisdictional issues.
We now come to the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I welcome the Solicitor General to her place, and I very much look forward to working with her.
I echo the comments of others welcoming the shadow Minister,  the hon.
Member for Maidstone and Malling (Helen Grant) , to her place.
The Solicitors Regulation Authority recently labelled the Legal Services Board’s damning report into the handling of the Axiom Ince fraud as merely an opinion.
Can the Solicitor General clarify what mechanisms are in place to ensure that the regulator is properly regulated?
What actions are being taken by her Department to prevent similar economic crimes to ensure that all constituents, including mine in North Cornwall—one of whom is in the Gallery today—can have confidence in our legal system?
I welcome the hon.
Member to his place.
He raises an incredibly important point.
This Government in general are committed to raising standards and rebuilding trust in the justice system.
That means regulators working effectively with investigators in the public interest.