Shortly afterwards, the press were told that the 5% limit would remain in place.
Answers to parliamentary questions show that the Government are expecting spending power to increase by £3.7 billion, funded by grants of £1.3 billion.
That demonstrates that the Chancellor’s Budget has opened up a £2.4 billion black hole in council finances.
In addition to that, the County Councils Network has highlighted its concerns that although we have not yet had a formal statement in the House, there are proposals to change the way in which funding is allocated, further depriving local authorities in urban, suburban and rural areas of the funding that they need.
I would like to put two questions to the Minister.
First, will he promise the House that funding allocations through the grant mechanism will follow the cost pressures  on local authorities and not any other form of indexation or formula, to ensure that places facing the highest costs receive the funding that they need?
Next, while nobody would want to see the referendum limits scrapped simply to bail out central Government, the announcement of the 5% constrains local authorities when it comes to their fundraising.
Will the Minister tell the House whether it will be our high streets through increased business rates or whether significant cuts to other council services will be needed to fill the Government’s £2.4 billion black hole?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his questions.
Let me take them in turn.
The Government are committed to a fair funding settlement for local government.
We will set out further details in the usual way in the upcoming local government finance settlement, which will be presented to Parliament.
On the £2.4 billion figure, I am afraid that we simply do not recognise it.
I assume that the hon.
Gentleman, in his calculations, failed to take account of the over £300 million raised from business rates and £300 million in additional new houses coming along.
Yes, it is right that £1.8 billion will be raised through council tax in 2025-26, but, as I made clear, that is because the Government are clear that we are maintaining the previous Government’s policy on council tax, in line with the OBR forecast made in March 2024.
The question for the Opposition is: are they saying that the cap should be abolished, as the Conservative Local Government Association group’s “Rebuilding the Road to Victory” document called for all caps to be removed, or are they saying that the limit should be reduced, which would be contrary to the policy in place when the now Leader of the Opposition was the local government Minister?
I call the Chair of the Housing, Communities and Local Government Committee.
It is worth remembering why a number of our local authorities are facing this decision and the tight financial situation: the funding crisis over the past 14 years, forcing a number of local authorities to make those difficult decisions.
A number of our areas are facing major in-year cost pressures from things such as temporary accommodation and special educational needs and disabilities provision.
Does the Minister agree that we need to accelerate the house building plan in order to get local authorities back on a level playing field, so that our local residents do not see that cost increase in their council tax bills?
I thank the Chair of the Select Committee for that question.
She is absolutely right; after 14 years of the previous Government’s record in office, local government is on its knees.
We have a system on the verge of collapse.
We had multiple years when in-year spending pressures were ignored.