South East Cornwall is both a gateway to Cornwall and a bridge to the rest of the UK, as embodied by the Tamar bridge.
I intend also to be a bridge for our community, and to work tirelessly to connect Cornwall with the resources, opportunities and support that it deserves, so I stand here, ultimately, with gratitude for the incredible people of South East Cornwall.
I see generosity and determination that inspire me daily.
That is why I am here, and it is why I am honoured to be working to connect our past and our present, and to help build our future together.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the autumn Budget 2024 on farming communities.
The Labour Government have committed £5 billion to the agricultural budget over the next two years—the biggest budget for sustainable food production and nature recovery in our history.
It is good for British farming, it is good for the country, and it should be welcomed by the Opposition.
This week, the president of the National Farmers Union of Scotland, Martin Kennedy, said:
“The new UK Government’s first budget…hammered hard-working family farms and crofts with crippling tax bills”.
The Minister has accused the Conservatives of scare- mongering about Labour’s family farm tax.
Is the National Farmers Union of Scotland also scaremongering?
I talk regularly to the National Farmers Union of Scotland.
I respect it fully, but I genuinely say, as I have said on many occasions, that we need to look closely at the figures and look at the detail.
We will find that the vast majority of farmers in this country will be fine.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Minister’s response to my hon.
Friend’s question highlights his arrogance on this issue.
He constantly keeps saying that we need to look at the detail, yet his Department and the Treasury disagree on how many farms will be impacted by as much as 40%.
In fact, as he knows, the figures being repeatedly regurgitated by the Government consider only past claims for agricultural property relief, not those combined with business property relief, which is just as important.
Why?
Because the Treasury does not have the data.
We need comprehensive detail on this policy to properly understand the impacts of his family farm tax.
I ask this for a third time in this House: will he release a full impact assessment—yes or no?
We seem to be discussing this endlessly.
The figures on agricultural property relief are absolutely clear.
I have kept asking people to look at the detail, because what they will find—listen to the tax experts and the people who have actually looked at the policy in detail—is that fewer than 500 farms will be affected.
That is the reassuring message that the Conservatives should be conveying to British farmers.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Britain’s farmers, who feed us and care for our environment, deserve better than the betrayal they received under the last Conservative Government, and better than the attacks in this Government’s recent Budget.
In Cumbria alone some 1,400 family farmers, many of whom live on less than the minimum wage, will be hit by this tax, but the more immediate threat to farming is the Government’s rash decision to cut the basic payment by 76% next year.
That will hit livestock farmers, upland farmers and dairy farmers, and destabilise the whole industry.
Will the Minister think again?
The changes we have made this year are the biggest boost to sustainable farming that this country has seen—that is the agricultural transition.
The Liberal Democrats have always been flaky on this issue, and they have never been able to make up their minds what they think about it.
We are determined to tackle the extreme climate crisis globally; they seem to think it is not happening.
What steps he plans to take to help tackle fly-tipping.