She brings enormous experience, not only in legal matters but specifically in relation to violence against women and girls, and I look forward to working constructively with her in this area.
I also take  the opportunity to welcome the appointment of the new shadow Attorney General, and send my best wishes to  the right hon.
and learned Member for Kenilworth and Southam (Sir Jeremy Wright)  as he departs his role.
In answer to the hon.
Lady’s question, she is right that the commitment to halve violence against women and girls in the next decade is a cross-Government initiative.
Prevention and early intervention are a core part of that; that is why when the VAWG mission board met earlier, there was a real focus on education—how we educate about consent and early intervention, so that we can prevent these cases from entering the criminal justice process.
The Government have announced an extra £49 million in funding to support victims of crime and say that the funding will enable additional staff recruitment at the specialist rape and serious sexual offence unit of the Crown Prosecution Service.
Can the Solicitor General confirm to the House the number of additional staff to be taken on?
When will they be in place?
The hon.
Lady is right to welcome the additional £49 million, which will be invested in those specialist rape and serious sexual violence units in every CPS area, but it is important that the CPS has discretion over how that money is spent and makes sure that resources are directed and targeted at areas where they are most needed, so that we can deliver for the victims of these most serious crimes.
What steps she is taking to help ensure the effective prosecution of rural crime.
The Government are deeply committed to addressing the important issue of rural crime; that is why we are strengthening neighbourhood policing in rural areas and implementing stronger laws to prevent farm theft and fly-tipping.
In addition, we are recommitted to their being a specialist Crown prosecutor in each CPS area who supports the police in charging and prosecuting rural crime.
I thank the Solicitor General for her answer.
The Equipment Theft (Prevention) Act 2023 had support from across the House in the previous Parliament.
The statutory instrument to bring in its measures is with the Home Office but has yet to be brought forward.
Property seized by the Thames Valley police rural crime taskforce across South Oxfordshire and the Vale of White Horse since the start of 2023 is valued at more than £400,000, with an incalculable impact on farmers’ mental health, wellbeing and anxiety.
To improve the rate of prosecutions for rural crime, will the Solicitor General urge her colleagues at the Home Office to bring that statutory instrument before the House?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising an important point.
I can confirm that we are committed to implementing the Equipment Theft (Prevention) Act and, with that, bringing about real benefits and impacts for farmers suffering from the theft and resale of high-value equipment, with all the stress and distress that that causes.
I am pleased to see the Solicitor General, a good friend of mine, in her place.
A key part of rural crime, particularly in Newcastle-under-Lyme, is waste—waste crime has blighted the lives of my constituents for far too long.
May I urge the Solicitor General to do all she can, working with colleagues across Government, to hold the rogue operators of landfill sites to account and make sure that they face the full force of the law?
In a previous life I was an environmental lawyer, so I know just what a scourge those waste offences can be.
That is precisely why the work of specialist Crown prosecutors, who work closely with the police in charging and prosecuting such rural crime, will be so important.