If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
As we have heard this morning, the public are rightly furious about the filthy, polluted state in which the previous Administration left our rivers, lakes and seas.
That is why there is such strong support for the Water (Special Measures) Bill, which is working its way through Parliament.
I urge all Members to make submissions to Sir Jon Cunliffe’s review, and to encourage their constituents to feed in to it.
This is our chance to conduct a root-and-branch review of the entire sector to ensure that it is fit for the future and will properly serve both consumers and the environment for decades to come.
Research estimates that as many as 170 dolphins and other mammals are caught and killed every year off the Sussex coast, yet no bycatch data is recorded.
Will the Secretary of State please outline how  he is ensuring that supertrawlers operating in UK waters are fulfilling their legal duty to report marine mammal bycatch to the Marine Management Organisation?
Vessels are, of course, already required to report marine mammal bycatch.
We are looking at implementing remote electronic monitoring on larger vessels to gather better data about fishing activities.
We are also working to improve our marine environment by ratifying the biodiversity beyond national jurisdiction agreement, enforcing fishing restrictions in marine protected areas, and ensuring that all catch limits are set sustainably.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I wish His Majesty the King a very happy birthday.
The Chancellor, the Secretary of State and the Food Minister claim that their family farm tax will affect only a quarter of farms, yet after informed questioning by the National Farmers Union, the Country Land and Business Association, the Tenant Farmers Association and Conservative Members, the Minister has now admitted that the Government need to check their figures.
Should the cost of the family farm tax to farming families not have been checked before the Budget?
The data from His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs is crystal clear: three quarters of farmers will pay nothing as a result of the changes.
Family farming will continue into future generations, as it should.
The Secretary of State perhaps needs to ask his Food Minister why he said at the Agricultural Industries Confederation conference that the Government are checking the figures.
Let me help the Secretary of State out.
He can explain the veracity and accuracy of his figures next week, when thousands of farmers come to Westminster to rally against the family farm tax, the delinking of payments, the hike in national insurance and other tax hikes on working farms in the Budget.
Will he come?
It is very important that the Government listen to farmers, and of course we will do so, but I know that farmers are reasonable people.
They will want to look at the facts and, like everybody else, if they drill into the HMRC data they will see that three quarters of them will end up paying no more under the new system than they do today.
Sewage spills are a scourge for my residents, and not just in the sea but in the street too.
Raw sewage and used toilet roll flooded a street in Southwick recently.
What are the Government’s plans to force the water companies to upgrade their infrastructure and bring an end to those foul, smelly spills that are blighting the lives of local residents?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.