We are also working with the CPS to ensure that we clamp down on assaults against shopworkers, which will be part of a new stand-alone offence, and we are re-committing to prosecuting in these core areas.
The Solicitor General will be aware of concerns about knife and violent crime in many communities, including Huddersfield.
In particular, there are serious concerns about how children and young people are being criminally exploited in wider county lines gangs.
How is the Department working with regional mayors to improve prosecution rates for knife and violence- related offences, and to ensure that those at risk of offending receive targeted interventions?
As my hon.
Friend states, knife crime is a scourge that particularly impacts on young people, too many of whom senselessly lose their lives or are injured every year.
Mayors and councils will be essential partners in the mission to achieve safer streets.
I have already met the deputy Mayor of West Yorkshire to discuss this matter.
The prosecutorial piece is part of this Government’s review to crack down on the sale of offensive weapons.
The Government are in a hurry.
We have already implemented a ban on the possession of zombie-style knives and machetes, but of course there is a lot more that we can and should be doing.
(Urgent question): To ask the Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government if she will make a statement on the Government’s policy on council tax referendum thresholds in 2025-26.
Since the 2012-13 financial year, local authorities, fire authorities, and police and crime commissioners have been required to determine whether the amount of council tax they plan to raise is excessive.
The Secretary of State sets thresholds on excessiveness and knows the referendum principles for different classes of authority.
Since 2016-17, those thresholds have also included a social care precept, providing higher thresholds for authorities with social care responsibilities.
Decisions on the council tax levels to set, or whether to hold a referendum to go beyond the referendum principles, sit with councils.
But the Government have been clear that we expect the threshold to be maintained at the current level, set by the previous Government.
The Office for Budget Responsibility forecast of the last Government assumed that council tax would increase by a 3% core, plus an additional 2% for local authorities with adult social care responsibilities for the entirety of the forecast period.
We will set out further details in the local government finance settlement in the new year.
Beyond that, we are determined to support local government and undo the mess that has been created over the past 14 years.
That is why at the Budget we announced over £4 billion in new local government funding, including an additional £1.3 billion in the local government finance settlement.
That, as the hon.
Gentleman will be well aware, has been warmly welcomed by the sector.
Council tax funds about £20.5 billion of expenditure in England on social care, which is 61% of all council funding.
It is therefore of huge interest to our constituents.
The Prime Minister and Ministers have repeatedly told the House that we need to wait for the spending review and the local government finance settlement to know what will happen with the referendum limit, including at the Dispatch Box yesterday when the Prime Minister told my right hon.
Friend the Leader of the Opposition to wait.
Shortly afterwards, the press were told that the 5% limit would remain in place.
Answers to parliamentary questions show that the Government are expecting spending power to increase by £3.7 billion, funded by grants of £1.3 billion.
That demonstrates that the Chancellor’s Budget has opened up a £2.4 billion black hole in council finances.