Meur ras—thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
May I begin by wishing His Majesty the King a very happy birthday—a sentiment that I am sure is shared on both sides of the House?
Standing here in this House, I am more aware than ever of the incredible privilege that it is to be here on behalf of South East Cornwall, a place that I love and am proud to call my home.
I do not stand here alone; rather, I stand with those who came before me, inspired me or supported me.
I am especially proud to be the first Labour MP to represent the area, a wonderful community filled with history, resilience and a deep local pride.
It is a love for the area and a steely determination to fight for its best interests that unites my predecessors  and me.
I pay tribute to Sheryll Murray for her work to champion public and rescue services and the local fishing industry, and to Colin Breed, who served before her.
I intend to represent our community by extending a hand to bridge political divides, and by serving with the determination and humility that I have seen illuminating the paths of all those I most admire in public service.
Today’s debate offers me the opportunity to mention in particular some of those women who taught me that I, too, could stand, including our late friend Jo Cox, and the formidable Harriet Harman, both of whom I have had the honour of working with.
South East Cornwall is a stunningly beautiful rural constituency, defined by the natural boundaries of the River Fowey in the west and the River Tamar in the East, ancient moorland to the north, and beautiful Cornish coastlines to the south, including the unique Rame peninsula, perfect for sea swimming, surfing and sailing.
It is a place alive with history, from Restormel castle in Lostwithiel, to the historic harbour at Polperro, whose winding lanes whisper of a history of pirates and smugglers.
Our economy is a story of resilience, woven from the threads of small businesses, including in the market gardens of the Tamar valley, tourism, farming and an inshore fishing fleet that deserves more recognition and support.
The market town of Liskeard, at the geographical heart of the area, provides important places for people to meet and form new enterprises, such as Wildanet.
Most importantly, it is the perfect place to find a Barnecutts pasty—and, unlike other Members of this House, I do know how to eat a pasty properly.
We look both to the west across Cornwall, and to the east beyond the Tamar, for many crucial jobs.
The dockyard in Devonport is particularly important to the towns of Saltash and Torpoint, where many local residents are employed.
Torpoint is also home to HMS Raleigh, which provides exceptional naval training and serves as a deep source of local pride.
South East Cornwall has a proud cultural heritage, celebrated in long-standing community traditions such as the Gorsedh—held in Callington for the first time in 40 years—the Black Prince parade and the Saltash May fair.
That heritage is expressed through the arts at Sterts theatre and arts centre, Calstock Arts, and Maker Heights.
Communities there are tight-knit, but they are often kept apart geographically by both distance and the lack of transport connections.
But don’t get me started on transport problems in Cornwall, Madam Deputy Speaker —you can expect to hear from me again on that topic.
There are incredible people across the constituency who go the extra mile, with a community spirit found at Saltash Pride, in those working at food banks or in care homes, and at the Core, where I held my first surgery.
It is a place rich in so many ways, but there are real challenges: above average rates of child poverty, fragile seasonal employment and house prices that are out of reach for many.