I thank my hon.
Friend for that point, and I will relay it to the Local Government Minister.
On the general principle, we are determined to rebuild local government from the ground up.
That is why we are providing multi-year funding settlements to councils and removing a number of ringfences, and are committed, as I said, to fair funding.
On his general point about the Opposition, I completely agree.
It reminds me of a phrase my nan used to use: “More front than Harrods,” she used to say.
That is what Opposition Members have.
Will the Minister rule out additional council tax bands being among any changes that the Government make?
I say to the right hon.
Gentleman that we are not talking about council tax bands in this urgent question; we are talking about the thresholds that remain in place.
We are committed to those thresholds.
As I am sure you would expect, Mr Speaker, we will set out more details about the local government finance settlement at the appropriate point next year, in the usual way.
Areas like Hull city council were savaged by the previous Government when it came to funding—absolutely savaged, to the point where they were almost on their knees.
Will my hon.
Friend the Minister tell the House what the Government are doing for areas of high deprivation like Hull?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The damage done to local government over the 14 years in which the Conservatives were in office is profound.
We have inherited, as I said, a system on the verge of collapse.
We are absolutely committed, as part of rebuilding that system from the ground up, to a fair funding settlement.
As I say, the Minister for Local Government will announce more details in the upcoming local government finance settlement in the new year.
Local authorities across the country will welcome multi-year settlements, so they can plan for the future.
However, does the Minister have any plans whatever for a revaluation of properties, given that properties were originally valued back in 1992, when council tax began?
The hon.
Member for Sheffield South East (Mr Betts)  and I produced a Select Committee report on what could be done to ensure that councils need not be strictly neutral in terms of finance, and could revalue properties to bring valuations up to date.
The hon.
Gentleman tempts me to discuss the local government finance settlement ahead of it being formally presented to the House.
I am afraid I cannot do that, but the Government have heard his point, and I will ensure that it is passed on to the Local Government Minister.
As a councillor, I saw 14 years of austerity and cuts to local government, and a 93% cut equivalent for my council in Medway.
The opposition, the Medway Conservative group, recently stated that it would not only scrap the  recent council tax cap, but introduce a local income tax on residents.
Does the Minister agree that there needs to be consistency on this issue, whereas the Opposition’s approach is to say, in one case, “Scrap the cap,” and in another, “Keep it”?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right and we still have not had an answer: we do not know the Opposition’s position on thresholds. [
Interruption.]
We are in government, as  the hon.
Member for Thirsk and Malton (Kevin Hollinrake)  chunters from a sedentary position, and we have confirmed that when it comes to thresholds, we intend to maintain the position as it was under the previous Government, and as baked into the Office for Budget Responsibility forecast for the spending period.
The Opposition really do have to answer this question: are they saying that the thresholds should be removed or increased, or are they saying that they should be reduced and core services cut?
Unfortunately, it is not for the Opposition to answer the questions—they are in opposition.