If we are to realise our potential, we must ensure that those opportunities are spread more evenly too.
These challenges will not be easy to resolve, but the people of Southampton, like so many across Britain, are rightfully proud and ambitious for themselves, their families and their country.
That is why we need a Government who are equally ambitious, and committed  to unlocking the potential and opportunities of places like Southampton.
I know that, as a city, we stand ready to seize this moment to thrive and grow—and the drive, passion, compassion, togetherness and determination of the people of Southampton will see it through.
Let me end by saying directly to them: I will be forever grateful to you for making this daughter of a market stall trader, who grew up in our inner city on free school meals, your Member of Parliament.
You are the very best of me, and I am a product of every opportunity that you have given me.
I shall never take that trust for granted, and I will spend every day, in here and beyond, championing our great city, fighting for it, and helping us to reach our enormous potential.
I congratulate all hon.
Members who have delivered their maiden speech.
They have all spoken about their constituency with wit, passion and enthusiasm, and I have no doubt that they will be strong representatives for their constituents.
It is a real privilege to deliver my maiden speech during the Sir David Amess general debate.
Sir David was a stalwart Member of this House and was barbarically murdered in the line of parliamentary duty.
As I stand here in this most historic of Chambers, I look over to Sir David’s memorial plaque behind the Government Benches and, as I start life as a Member of Parliament, I hope I can be a strong voice and a man of action for my constituents, as Sir David was for his.
I start with a heartfelt thank you to the people of Exmouth and Exeter East, for they are the reason I am here.
They have put their trust in me to represent them as the first Member of Parliament for our new constituency.
It is a responsibility that will always weigh heavily on my shoulders.
I also say thank you to my family and campaign team, who have been bastions of love and support through the long journey to this place.
For the record, I want it to be known that getting married during the early stages of a general election campaign makes for an interesting start.
Thank you to my wife for being a constant voice of reason and my rock throughout.
Although Exmouth and Exeter East is a new constituency, it was created by amalgamating areas from three previous constituencies, of which East Devon was by far the largest contributor.
Referring to all my predecessors, as is custom in a maiden speech, may, therefore, mark me to the Speaker’s Office as someone who does not abide by time limits.
I say this because all three of my predecessors have made significant contributions to local and national life.
Simon Jupp, the former Member for East Devon, worked hard for his constituents and campaigned relentlessly as chair of the all-party parliamentary group for the great south-west.
He helped to secure investment into the region and always championed our part of the world.
I consider Simon to be a friend, and his contribution to this House will be missed, as will his encyclopaedic knowledge of local Devon ciders.
Exmouth and Exeter East also incorporates one ward each from the Exeter and Central Devon constituencies.
The new hon.
Member for Exeter (Steve Race)  no doubt gave the right hon.
Sir Ben Bradshaw the respect he deserves in his maiden speech.
However, I would like to pay my own tribute to Sir Ben, and I know that his judgment and leadership will be missed by the Labour party.