It is identified with numerous artefacts of historical significance, although I must say to  the hon.
Member for West Dorset (Edward Morello)  that there are—perhaps—no chalk figures of historic stature in my constituency.
The part of my constituency that will be most familiar to Members is Chatham, whose historic legacy is known across the world.
Its significance as a commissioned dockyard has been recognised globally, and its long-standing naval tradition dates back to Henry VIII and the Tudor period.
The area retained that naval link until the 1980s, when the dockyard was closed, and it still has that proud naval tradition.
I am reliably informed that the Resolute desk in the Oval Office, in the heart of western democracy, came from HMS Resolute, which was constructed and supported in Chatham, and many of our finest naval traditions have come from that location.
Chatham and Aylesford does, however, face significant challenges.
Many areas, particularly urban Chatham, experience poverty, and, according to figures from the House of Commons Library, 17% of children are living in poverty.
Issues such as crime and antisocial behaviour have been exacerbated by cuts in neighbourhood policing and early intervention programmes.
I am committed to working with all our communities to address those challenges.,
and it is on that note that I want to pay particular tribute to many of the charities and other organisations that serve my local community.
They include the Arches project in Luton, the dementia awareness groups, Street Angels, Royal British Legion Industries and our Poppy Appeal volunteers, who go out every year to collect funds for veterans and our military community.
I believe that community wealth building should be central to our approach to government.
By focusing on wealth creation, we can drive and support local businesses and revitalise our town centres.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Gillingham and Rainham (Naushabah Khan)  has done excellent work in that neighbouring seat to revitalise Gillingham town centre, and I will seek to replicate it, working closely with council leaders across Medway, Tonbridge and Malling and Kent county council to advance the agenda.
In recent weeks I have heard many inspiring speeches from new Members, but what unites us all is a shared ambition to effect positive change for our communities and our country.
I am honoured to serve, and I pledge to work across party lines to ensure economic security and improvements in our public services—and I will do so in a friendly, open and approachable way.
The Government must of course deal with the £22 billion in-year deficit, and we must work to secure our economic prosperity to ensure that all our people, especially our young people, have the skills that will give them a future.
I am deeply honoured to represent the constituents of Chatham and Aylesford.
Thank you for calling me to make my maiden speech, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Alloa and Grangemouth (Brian Leishman)  on his contribution.
It was interesting to hear about the challenges facing industry in his constituency.
It is with immense pride and honour that I stand here today to give my maiden speech as the first ever female and first ever Liberal Democrat Member of Parliament for Epsom and Ewell, which also includes the towns of Ashtead and Leatherhead.
This moment is not just about my election victory, but part of a long journey of progress that started with brave women like Emily Wilding Davison, a suffragette who gave her life for the cause of women’s rights.
In 1911, she famously hid within the walls of this very building, the Palace of Westminster, to declare it her residence on the night of the census.
Just two years later, she made the ultimate sacrifice, losing her life at the Epsom Derby while campaigning for women’s suffrage.
It is remarkable that today, 101 years after her passing, we now have 263 women in this Parliament, more than ever before.