In 1911, she famously hid within the walls of this very building, the Palace of Westminster, to declare it her residence on the night of the census.
Just two years later, she made the ultimate sacrifice, losing her life at the Epsom Derby while campaigning for women’s suffrage.
It is remarkable that today, 101 years after her passing, we now have 263 women in this Parliament, more than ever before.
That progress is a testament to her legacy and the relentless efforts of organisations such as 50:50 Parliament, whose support in getting me here I am personally grateful for.
I am delighted that there is now progress towards establishing a women’s caucus in Parliament.
I want to take this opportunity to congratulate Lord Grayling, my predecessor, on his move to the other place, and to thank him for his 23 years of dedicated service to Epsom and Ewell.
His service to the community is well recognised, and I look forward to building upon that work, while bringing fresh perspectives and new energy to our local and national challenges.
The community of Epsom and Ewell prides itself on strong local values, resilience, and on a rich sporting and creative history.
It is home to the world-famous Epsom Derby.
We have the University for the Creative Arts, Laine Theatre Arts and many sporting clubs, including three running clubs and two football clubs.
It has several vibrant economic hubs, with many successful businesses, large and small.
But it is the people who make my constituency special.
Whether it is our small businesses, voluntary groups or the diverse families who have made the area their home, Epsom and Ewell represents the best of what a community can be when it works together.
Epsom and Ewell is a beautiful place, blessed with remarkable green spaces and historical significance.
We are fortunate to have three sites of special scientific interest: Ashtead Common, Priest Hill and Stones Road pond.
We also have beautiful green spaces, such as Horton and Nonsuch parks, Epsom Downs and the Surrey hills, an area of outstanding natural beauty.
One site that holds special meaning for many is Langley Vale, which was used to train over 8,000 soldiers during the first world war and where Lord Kitchener famously inspected the troops.
Today, it stands as a centenary wood, a place of reflection with beautiful sculptures honouring our military past.
As someone who proudly served in the Army, in the Royal Military Police, I am deeply moved by our community’s ties to the armed forces.
My own military experience includes serving in Iraq during Operation Telic IV in 2004, where I was responsible for retraining and mentoring the Iraqi police force in Maysan province.
It was a volatile and dangerous region at that time and it was not an easy tour.
We came under fire on a regular basis and it was made harder with the knowledge that, just a year before my arrival, six of my RMP colleagues were killed in Majar al-Kabir.
The coroner found that they had been given inadequate radios and ammunition, so it was no surprise that we were given more ammo and weapons when I arrived.
I want to ensure that our armed forces continue to have the right resources to stay safe in their duties as this Government conduct their spending review.
I hope the Secretary of State for Defence will bear in mind the effect that cuts can have in the field.
Lord Darzi’s report about the NHS was published today, so it is apt that I share a personal experience that underscores my commitment to improving healthcare services in Epsom and Ewell.
In 2007, my six-week-old son suddenly turned blue in front of me, while a health visitor was visiting.
I called 999.
It was a terrifying moment, and before I knew what was going on, my living room was packed with paramedics and there was equipment everywhere.