My political journey began in 2015, with Nick Clegg’s resignation speech.
He said—I summarise here—that in the face of the politics of identity, nationalism and “us versus them”, it has never been more important to keep the flame of liberalism alive.
It was true then and it is true now.
I knew then that it was not enough to stand on the sidelines and watch the country that I love so much be eaten by the self-interest of those who seek power only for power’s sake or for self-enrichment.
Sadly, over the summer we saw that there are those who would seek to use the misery of people who have come here seeking refuge to further their own aims.
I mention that because it will come as no surprise that the Morellos are not originally from this island.
The Morellos of Italy became the Morellos of Spain—with apologies to both countries for my pronunciation—before coming to Britain at the beginning of the 20th century.
One of my forebears died fighting in world war one for the country that adopted him, and is buried in a Commonwealth war grave cemetery in northern France.
My own father served in the Royal Navy.
Even more than Morellos, my family are Mazierskis.
My maternal grandfather came here from Poland at the end of the second world war, fleeing another type of political tyranny.
He arrived as a child, speaking no English.
He became an engineer and set up a building company.
His children became nurses, teachers, artists and architects.
His grandchildren are doctors, civil servants, lecturers and environmentalists, and one of them stands here today as a Member of Parliament.
In my experience, immigrants do not forget the debt they owe the country that offered them a future.
We must not let hate win.
We must champion hope.
That is why it is more important than ever to fly the flag for liberalism, liberal values and a rules-based international order.
I would also like to mention my amazing wife.
She is far, far cleverer than me and would make a far better politician.
Without her, I certainly would not be here today, not just because of the love and support she has shown me, but because it was her suggestion that I run in the first place—something I find myself reminding her with increasing frequency.
Finally, I thank the voters of West Dorset for putting their faith in me.
It is a huge honour to represent them, and I look forward to doing everything I can to deliver a better deal for West Dorset.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for allowing me to make my maiden contribution in this debate.
I pay tribute to the Members on both sides of the House who have made their maiden contributions, including  the hon.
Member for West Dorset (Edward Morello) , who gave us an illuminating insight into what we could hope to see in his constituency.
I also pay tribute to those who knew Sir David Amess for their moving contributions.
I am extremely proud to be the first Labour Member of Parliament for Altrincham and Sale West, in no small part because of the brilliant team of local volunteers who worked on the campaign and the support of my wonderful friends and family.
I also thank my constituency neighbour, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stretford and Urmston (Andrew Western) , who was born in my constituency and was such a valuable friend to me during the campaign.
At this early stage in my contribution, I want to pay tribute to my predecessor, Lord Brady, who represented the people of Altrincham and Sale West for 27 years.
I thank him for his service to his constituents and for his kind words to me following my election.
I think one of my constituents summed it up best.