The stark contrast between wealth and deprivation is a reminder that we must do more to support those who are most in need.
I am incredibly grateful for the work of the Good Company, the Leatherhead community hub, local faith organisations and all the volunteers and local charities who work tirelessly to provide for our community’s most vulnerable.
As the Member of Parliament for Epsom and Ewell—a constituency that stretches from Worcester Park and Stoneleigh in the north to Ashtead and Leatherhead, the gateway of the Surrey hills, in the south—I want our community to thrive economically, socially and environmentally.
My constituency has inspired literary greats such as C. S. Lewis and Jane Austen.
I believe that it can continue to be a place of innovation and inspiration.
I thank my parents for their support throughout the years.
I thank my husband and three kids for their support and their leafleting prowess throughout my campaign.
Most importantly, I thank my constituents for placing their trust in me.
I am committed to repaying their trust with service, dedication and determination to make Epsom and Ewell a better place for everyone.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for calling me to address the House for my first speech, and for making time available for so many of us to make our first speech today.
I particularly congratulate  the hon.
Member for Epsom and Ewell (Helen Maguire) : the story about her child in intensive care touched me very deeply, as an intensive care practitioner.
I can see that she is going to be a fantastic advocate for our armed forces and for the things they need to serve the country well.
In passing, I must mention Lord Darzi’s report, which my right hon.
Friend the Health Secretary presented to the House today—not because of the content of the report, but because in 2015 I was honoured to become a Darzi fellow.
Lord Darzi set up his fellowship programme to bring clinicians like me, a nurse, into clinical leadership, to ensure that the NHS and the health system are led by clinicians.
I am not sure that the plan was to get us all into the Houses of Parliament, but I am the first Darzi fellow here and I think there will be quite a few more.
I am honoured to speak in this debate in memory of Sir David Amess, whose constituency of Southend West can be seen from mine of Sittingbourne and Sheppey—we  see the beautiful vista of Southend, which is now a city, across the Thames.
Over the past few months, during the campaign and afterwards, there have been several times when I have looked over at Southend and taken a moment to reflect on the manner and the tragedy of Sir David’s death and what it means for all of us serving here in the House.
It is a great blessing of my constituency that, amid our busy, traffic-laden towns, we have these beautiful vistas down the Thames and the Medway estuary.
We have broad, flat salt marshes meeting big skies—places that you can escape to and properly reflect on everything that matters in life.
During the election campaign, I asked my constituents what they valued most in the constituency, and it was that proximity to nature that kept coming up.
They mentioned the wide-open estuary waters of the Thames and Medway—several of my Medway colleagues are in their places today—the many sites of special scientific interest and the nature reserve at Elmley.
Now that Members are spending time in London, they might want to pop down for a hot yoga weekend—it’s a whole thing.
However—so many Members have said something similar when describing their seat—that is only half the story.
The other half is the still proudly industrial town of Sittingbourne.
Its character and location challenge many people’s preconceptions of Kent.