Sadly it had become increasingly rare for a former Royal Marine to enter this House as a Member.
However, Royal Marines must share the same tendencies that buses are afflicted by: none turn up for eons, then four turn up at the same time.
Although the other three former Royal Marines, the hon.
and gallant Members for Plymouth Moor View (Fred Thomas), for Halesowen (Alex Ballinger) and for Birmingham Selly Oak (Al Carns) opted to join the party now in government, I know that the kinship that binds Royal Marines together through shared adversity will benefit this House, and, I hope, provide combative but constructive debate.
While Exmouth and Exeter East has much to be celebrated, it also has its fair share of issues.
From an aged and degraded sewerage network to antisocial behaviour, there are many issues that my constituents have placed trust in me to help improve.
For too long we have built new houses in the area without delivering appropriate and corresponding infrastructure.
I fear the new Government’s top-down housing targets will further compound that issue, and I will do all I can to ensure that the right mix of houses are built, in the right places, with the right infrastructure and public consultation.
I am also deeply concerned that large parts of Exmouth and Exeter East will be tarmacked over within one generation.
Of course we need new homes for the next generation, so that they can live near their friends, family and work, but we must have a tempered approach and ensure that we do not overdevelop and destroy our countryside, and the culture of our historic towns and villages.
There are also areas that I will work hard to improve across Exmouth and Exeter East, such as  social care provisions, post-16 education schemes, job opportunities, transport links, and support for farmers and those in rural affairs.
It is worth voicing that this new Parliament brings the winds of political change to Devon and the wider south-west of England.
As a new MP, I am open and willing to work with fellow south-west MPs, regardless of political affinity, to ensure we drive as much investment and opportunity as possible to our part of the world, in a joined-up way.
In an increasingly connected world, I believe our MPs must have a firm understanding of the national and international issues that affect us, and most importantly how these issues affect our constituencies.
For much of my adult life, I have fought hard in several organisations to keep our United Kingdom safe and prosperous, both in the physical and the digital environment.
We are on the precipice of a new industrial revolution.
Frontier technologies, such as artificial intelligence, supercomputing and nanobiotechnology, will radically change our world and the relationship we have with it.
It is imperative that the new Government understand these issues and work across the public and private sector to ensure that our United Kingdom remains a technological global leader.
There is no getting away from the fact that the international system is becoming more volatile.
It is deeply sad that conversations about international conflict are no longer hypothetical.
War has broken out across multiple global regions, and we must act without delay to increase defence spending to meet the threats that are clearly present.
Anthropogenic climate change has long ceased to be purely an academic debate—it is visible and happening now.
We must continue to work closely with international partners to reduce our overall global carbon emissions.
It is beyond a faux pas to speak in communist tones from the Conservative Benches—I could risk making the same treasonous mistake as Sir Walter Raleigh.
However, there is modern resonance in Lenin’s purported quote:
“There are decades where nothing happens; and there are weeks where decades happen.”
In isolation, any of the points I have raised have the ability to cause mass societal and environmental change.