In 2007, my six-week-old son suddenly turned blue in front of me, while a health visitor was visiting.
I called 999.
It was a terrifying moment, and before I knew what was going on, my living room was packed with paramedics and there was equipment everywhere.
I was told to pack a bag and shortly afterwards we arrived at A&E. The crash team was there and my baby boy was surrounded by 20 consultants trying to figure out what was wrong.
I stood there looking on, helpless.
The doctors managed to stabilise my son and moved him to the amazing Evelina hospital, just over the river from Parliament, as they did not have the specialist equipment needed.
He went into the paediatric intensive care unit.
Every bit of his skin, even his head, was covered by some sort of patch or monitor to try to establish what was going on.
The consultant informed us that he had bronchiolitis and that it would be touch and go that evening.
Thankfully, my son survived the night and we spent over a week in intensive care, as the amazing doctors worked to save his life from bronchiolitis.
I saw at first hand the critical importance of high-quality emergency care.
It is my mission to make sure that the residents of Epsom, Ewell, Ashtead and Leatherhead have access to the best possible healthcare.
Our community was promised one of the 40 new hospitals.
That commitment must be fulfilled.
We are part of the Epsom and St Helier University Hospitals NHS Trust.
St Helier hospital is struggling, with crumbling facilities and overstretched staff.
We have fewer hospital beds per capita than in many other nations.
Ceilings are falling in and buildings are condemned.
The need for a new hospital is urgent, and I look forward to discussing it with the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care in the coming weeks.
The House will be pleased to know that my son is now a big, strong 16-year-old, challenging his parents as every teenager does.
Epsom and Ewell is home to two significant rivers: the Hogsmill, a relatively pristine chalk river whose beauty was immortalised by Sir John Everett Millais in his iconic painting “Ophelia”; and the River Mole, which is one of the most polluted in the country.
Thames Water’s negligent handling of our water resources has led to more than 8,000 hours of sewage discharge into the River Mole in the first six months of this year alone.
Thames Water is crippled by being billions in debt, and  water bills keep rising.
Executive bonuses are handed out as the sewage is pouring out.
This mismanagement of our water is unacceptable.
I call for greater regulation and accountability and for a sewage tax to protect our rivers and water infrastructure.
Epsom and Ewell has affluent areas, but we also face stark social inequalities.
There are parts of my constituency in which food banks have become a lifeline for struggling families, and our local housing waiting list has grown to more than 1,300 households.
Food banks are not the norm; they are a sign that society simply is not working.
I am concerned that even more of my constituents will be using them this winter as they struggle without the winter fuel allowance.
The stark contrast between wealth and deprivation is a reminder that we must do more to support those who are most in need.
I am incredibly grateful for the work of the Good Company, the Leatherhead community hub, local faith organisations and all the volunteers and local charities who work tirelessly to provide for our community’s most vulnerable.
As the Member of Parliament for Epsom and Ewell—a constituency that stretches from Worcester Park and Stoneleigh in the north to Ashtead and Leatherhead, the gateway of the Surrey hills, in the south—I want our community to thrive economically, socially and environmentally.