Member for Exeter (Steve Race)  no doubt gave the right hon.
Sir Ben Bradshaw the respect he deserves in his maiden speech.
However, I would like to pay my own tribute to Sir Ben, and I know that his judgment and leadership will be missed by the Labour party.
Lastly, I have been blessed to inherit the beautiful Exe valley from my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Central Devon (Mel Stride) , who continues to serve and lead in this House.
His loss is my gain, but I will ensure that I diligently represent the good people of the Exe valley as he has for the last 14 years.
For those who have not had the good fortune to visit Exmouth and Exeter East, please allow me to indulge in a Cook’s tour of my new constituency, and to give Members a flavour of the geography, the history, the settlements, the people and the organisations that make my part of the world so irresistibly enchanting.
Starting at the mouth of the River Exe, going out to the heathlands of Woodbury Common and finishing in the countryside above the city of Exeter, the constituency of Exmouth and Exeter East has it all: beautiful beaches; serene, open and arable landscapes; the eastern part of a thriving city; vibrant towns; and picturesque villages.
Many parts of my new constituency have been inhabited for several millennia, with areas such as Topsham being settled by the Celts, turned into a port by the Romans and expanded by the Saxons.
Possibly our most famous resident has been Sir Walter Raleigh who was an Elizabethan statesman, soldier, writer and explorer.
Although he achieved much in his   life, I will do my best not to meet the same fate, which was to be tried for treason before meeting his end outside this Chamber in Old Palace Yard.
We have some fantastic organisations across Exmouth and Exeter East, such as the Royal National Lifeboat Institution, which works tirelessly to keep locals and tourists safe in the waters around the constituency.
We have global experts working to advance the frontiers of knowledge on weather and climate at the Met Office’s headquarters.
We have Clinton Devon Estates, which is ably responsible for the stewardship of much of the land in the southern area of the constituency.
As an example, the Clinton Devon Estates team, working with the Environment Agency, recently demonstrated to the world how to proactively regenerate land by completing the lower Otter restoration project.
As is to be expected, we are fortunate to have some of the best farming produce anywhere in the country.
For those looking to visit, I highly recommend stopping in for a pasty at Darts farm or Greendale farm shop.
However, the organisation that has the most special place in my heart is Commando Training Centre Royal Marines.
For decades, the training camp in Lympstone and the area of Woodbury Common have been the proving ground for all wannabe Royal Marines, and for those from across our armed forces who aspire to become commandos.
Having endured Royal Marine commando training over 16 years ago, I am happy to announce that I have learned, once again, to enjoy spending time on Woodbury Common, without fear of being cold, wet, hungry and covered in gorse thistles.
The Royal Marines is a proud organisation, in its 360th year in service to our country.
Sadly it had become increasingly rare for a former Royal Marine to enter this House as a Member.
However, Royal Marines must share the same tendencies that buses are afflicted by: none turn up for eons, then four turn up at the same time.
Although the other three former Royal Marines, the hon.