It is able to do what it does thanks to the remarkably generous donations of local people.
However, all too often, organisations such as that foodbank are having to go above and beyond in the most challenging of circumstances to stop people falling through the cracks, because as a country we have failed to provide people with the security in work that they need; we have failed to provide the economic stability and certainty that businesses need in order to invest; and we have failed to address the long-term challenges our country faces.
That is why Labour was elected: to fix what has become broken, and to offer hope and renewal.
That is why the people of Altrincham and Sale West sent me here: to cut waiting times across our national health service, including at Wythenshawe and Trafford general; to clean up our badly polluted rivers and streams; and to make sure people can feel safe on our streets by tackling crime and antisocial behaviour.
Having worked on a national campaign against the violence and abuse that shopworkers receive, I know how important it is that we clamp down on crime against public-facing workers, and I know that this Government will act.
Having changed our party so that we could be given the extraordinary opportunity we have to change our country, that is the sort of tangible change to the lives of people in Altrincham and Sale West that we must achieve.
I am looking forward to working to deliver that change in the years to come and showing how, even in difficult times, Government can still be a force for good.
That is the very least that the people of Altrincham and Sale West, and of our country, expect and deserve.
On that note, second only to Bridgend, Chatham and Aylesford is one of the most beautiful constituencies in the country. [
Laughter.]
Created in 1997 from the previous Rochester and Chatham, Mid Kent, and Tonbridge and Malling seats, we have a rich legacy of excellent and outspoken parliamentarians, including Dame Peggy Fenner, Andrew Rowe, Julian Critchley, Jonathan Shaw and the remarkable Dame Tracey Crouch.
What can I say?
Dame Tracey is well known for her warm personality and diligence.
She is engaging, and her constituents spoke well of her on the doorstep and in the 14 years she represented the area.
I am also reliably informed that, unlike me, she had a legendary involvement in the parliamentary football team.
I am reliably informed, again, that her tackling skills were well known, and that no one ever tried to take the ball from her when she was in in full flight.
On a serious note, she has done outstanding work on the football fan-led review, she led on anti-gambling legislation when she was in the Department for Culture, Media and Sport, and she has left a deeply inspiring legacy for young women in sport in particular.
I salute her record and her fortitude.
My constituents embody aspiration and determination.
Although I was raised in the city of Medway, I have been actively involved in Chatham since 2001.
It is a  dynamic and diverse area, with hard-working, direct and down-to-earth people.
The constituency is truly beautiful, with stunning panoramic views from Blue Bell Hill over the weald of Kent.
On a clear day one can see many other constituencies, including Tonbridge, Sevenoaks, Maidstone and Malling and Canterbury, and many walkers and hikers find entertainment along the historic Pilgrims’ Way.
The seat also contains some of the earliest human settlement history, with the megalithic structures of Kit’s Coty harking back to neolithic times.
It is identified with numerous artefacts of historical significance, although I must say to  the hon.
Member for West Dorset (Edward Morello)  that there are—perhaps—no chalk figures of historic stature in my constituency.
The part of my constituency that will be most familiar to Members is Chatham, whose historic legacy is known across the world.