Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for the opportunity to make my maiden speech.
I thank all hon.
Members for their fine contributions, including my hon.
Friend  the Member for Epsom and Ewell (Helen Maguire)  and  the hon.
Member for Sittingbourne and Sheppey (Kevin McKenna) .
It is the greatest honour of my life to serve the people of Stratford-on-Avon.
I am humbled to have been elected to represent the place that I call home, where I live and where I have raised my family, who are here today in the Public Gallery.
I am proud to be the first Liberal MP for our constituency in over a century, and the first woman ever to be elected to this role.
I extend my heartfelt thanks to the people of Stratford, Alcester, Studley, Shipston, Henley, Bidford and the many villages and hamlets that make up our beautiful constituency.
I thank them for placing their trust in me.
I promise to be their champion, and a strong and unwavering voice for everyone, fighting every day for the fair deal that they deserve.
I pay tribute to my predecessor, Nadhim Zahawi, who was MP for Stratford-on-Avon for the last 14 years.
During his political career he covered many important roles in the Cabinet, but I thank him in particular for his work as vaccines Minister during the covid pandemic.
I also acknowledge the service of the late John Maples, who represented Stratford-upon-Avon with distinction from 1997 to 2010, before being elevated to the other place.
He was both well liked and greatly admired.
Although I am proud to be the first female MP for Stratford-upon-Avon, I am not the first to bring Italian heritage to the role.
That distinction belongs to another of my predecessors, John Profumo, who beat me to it —although I plan on a much quieter stay in the history books.
My constituency is one of the most beautiful areas of our country, with luscious woodland such as the Heart of England forest, valleys lapped by rivers and brooks, and fertile farmland—a landscape special as only the Warwickshire countryside can be.
My connection to my constituency is one of deep love.
I love the stretches  from Shipston-on-Stour and the rolling Cotswolds fringes in the south, to the Avon valley villages and Henley-in-Arden in the north, where the majestic forest of Arden once stood.
At the heart of my constituency lies the town of Stratford-upon-Avon, celebrated worldwide as the birthplace of the greatest playwright of all: William Shakespeare.
Each year on William’s birthday, the town remembers and celebrates its most famous son, with civic dignitaries and local schoolchildren parading through the historic streets to lay flowers on his tomb in Holy Trinity church.
I look forward to joining them next April.
What makes our constituency special above all is its people, who are resilient and community minded.
Each town and village is blessed with warm-hearted volunteers helping in repair cafés, food banks, the community speed watch and flood action groups.
There are outstanding places of learning, such as our local schools and colleges, the Shakespeare Institute of the University of Birmingham, and the University of Warwick’s innovation campus; national portfolio organisations such as the Royal Shakespeare Company and the Shakespeare Birthplace Trust; as well as grassroots arts companies such as the Bear Pit Theatre and Escape Arts.
Events such as the Shipston proms celebrate the wealth of musical talent.
Most of all, we are a constituency of entrepreneurs and innovators, businesses and social enterprises.
Overlooked by Beaudesert castle—known locally as “the Mount”—the town of Henley-in-Arden has a timber-framed high street, which includes Henley’s most famous attraction, Henley Ice Cream, which is well worth a visit.
Alcester is a town rich in community spirit that comes together each year for events such as the Alcester food festival.
The town’s roots stretch back to Roman times, and its heritage is proudly preserved today in the Roman Alcester Museum.