Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I want to start by congratulating hon.
Friends and other hon.
Members on some fantastic  maiden speeches today, but also on the many I have heard since the election in July.
They have made me proud to be British.
However, notwithstanding those incredible speeches and hearing about the amazing and beautiful places across the UK, I would still argue that Southampton, the place where I was born and bred, where I have always lived and which I have the honour to represent as the Member of Parliament for Southampton Test, is the best city on earth.
Listen, I know it is a bold claim and many will have heard me make it before, but Southampton is where the world meets Britain.
We have helped shape the world and we continue to do so, from the pilgrims who set sail from Southampton on the Mayflower over 400 years ago in search of a new life in America, to being the home of the Spitfire, which helped to defeat fascism in Europe during world war two.
It was the University of Southampton that invented the internet as we know it today.
And were those achievements not enough, Southampton also gave the world the fishfinger sandwich—you’re welcome.
We are a city rich with culture, from our medieval walls that protected our nation in times of conflict to our award-winning parks, most notably Southampton common, which are the green lungs of our city, and our renowned art galleries and our theatre, the Mayflower.
Southampton is where Jane Austen was schooled and lived, and it inspired some of her masterpieces.
Even today, Southampton continues to produce great talent, from the singer Craig David to “MasterChef” winner Shelina Permalloo.
Southampton is also a world-leading maritime city that is integral to the UK economy.
The port of Southampton handles over £71 billion-worth of trade every year, while also serving as the busiest cruise port in Europe.
We are a city of political firsts.
Many will know that our country’s first Prime Minister of colour is from Southampton.
I was the first female Sikh council leader in the UK.
And the former MP for Southampton Test, my good friend Dr Alan Whitehead, was the first, and I believe the only politician, to have a song dedicated to them by none other than Led Zeppelin—clearly, they have a “whole lotta love” for Alan.
Now, paying tribute to Alan Whitehead as my predecessor in this Chamber is an honour.
He has been one of those unique politicians who was universally liked, valued, and respected on both sides of the House.
His knowledge on climate change and green energy is unparalleled.
He is essentially the Taylor Swift of the energy sector. [
Laughter.]
I’m pleased you got it.
He leaves behind a legacy, not only of shaping Government policy on energy right now but of benefiting future generations, for which we all owe him a huge debt of gratitude.
As I approach my 40th birthday in the coming days—[Hon.
Members: “Surely not!”]
I know!
It is incredible to think that Alan has served our city for as long as I have been alive, first as leader of the council and then as a Member of Parliament.
He has done so with unwavering dedication, integrity and kindness, meaning that he will be sorely missed by many.
I am acutely aware that I have very big shoes to fill.
Alan, and the former Member of Parliament for Southampton Itchen, John Denham, have both been instrumental in helping me to reach this place today.
Indeed, John, on a visit to my school fair, awarded me first prize, when I was only eight years old, for my fancy dress costume.
I do not know what it was about me dressing up as a clown that made John think that I might one day be destined for a career in politics.