However—so many Members have said something similar when describing their seat—that is only half the story.
The other half is the still proudly industrial town of Sittingbourne.
Its character and location challenge many people’s preconceptions of Kent.
Sittingbourne’s twin on the Isle of Sheppey, Sheerness-on-Sea, has busy docks—docks that, hopefully, will become only busier as the opportunities for growth, construction and new green industries are realised by this Government.
Sittingbourne and Sheppey is perfectly located to take advantage of all that development.
My job is not only to argue for our place in the rebuilding of Britain, but to ensure that my constituents see real social, economic, health and wellbeing benefits from the opportunities.
The factors that led to the foundations of our towns being laid centuries ago fit the way that technological, industrial and transport strategies are all pointing now.
Sittingbourne straddles the main road from Dover to London and is connected directly by water, road and rail to Sheerness docks on Sheppey.
This is what made the Saxon kings of Kent grab the land and claim it as their terra regis.
This is something that the residents of Milton Regis are very proud to remind me of—that it is a royal town in the middle of Sittingbourne.
It was those same routes that allowed the town of Queenborough to develop as a major port.
Tucked behind Sheppey is the safe waterway—and major trading route—from London through to the continent and the rest of the world.
Those routes are also what enabled Sittingbourne to develop a major brick-building industry in the 19th century.
It produced more bricks and had more people working in it than the potteries in Staffordshire.
Those bricks were largely used to build London.
Many town houses in the 19th century, Buckingham Palace and many of the buildings on this parliamentary estate will have been built with the clay and bricks from Sittingbourne.
Our water and transport gives us the opportunity to produce green energy and bring about greener ways of travelling.
That will benefit Sittingbourne and Sheerness in the future.
Peel Ports at Sheerness is a major importer of construction materials for the south of England.
With investment to restore our rail freight links and an ambition to once again use our water routes, we can be at the heart of a green revolution.
But there is more to a place than land and water.
A place is made by people.
What will ensure that the people of my constituency get the benefits that they are crying out for as a result of growth and rebuilding is the strength of our local communities and the collective action that comes from grassroots organisations.
As we move more services out of hospitals to the community and try to mend the broken sense of cohesion in our society, these community actors will be key.
There are great organisations, including Seashells nursery in Sheerness, which holds true to the course taken by Sure Start centres, with their now proven benefits, although they are sadly under threat of closure, and Wiggles children’s nursery, which has partnered with Sheppey’s Range Rovers football club to create a multi-generational facility that will massively boost the health of the neighbourhood.
There are also people coming together, on the island and the mainland, to form progressive men’s mental health peer support groups, including Men-Talk.
UK in Sheppey and Sittingbourne.
A team of volunteers resurrected the Sittingbourne carnival this year after several years’ gap to ensure that its tradition of more than 130 years does not die, but instead will go from strength to strength.
There is Swale food bank, and underpinning so many of the voluntary organisations in my constituency is Swale Community and Voluntary Services, which fosters lots of organisations, helping them to get started, get organising and help their communities.