It is beyond a faux pas to speak in communist tones from the Conservative Benches—I could risk making the same treasonous mistake as Sir Walter Raleigh.
However, there is modern resonance in Lenin’s purported quote:
“There are decades where nothing happens; and there are weeks where decades happen.”
In isolation, any of the points I have raised have the ability to cause mass societal and environmental change.
When decades happening in weeks become the new normal, we must keep pace to ensure the United Kingdom remains strong, allied and ahead of the pack in an ever-changing world.
My final message is to the people of Exmouth and Exeter East who sent me to this House.
I promise that I will always fight for us, and that I will represent us to the best of my ability, while I have the privilege of serving as their Member of Parliament.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Exmouth and Exeter East (David Reed)  on his maiden speech.
It was a joy to hear a little about his constituency.
I will begin by thanking my predecessor as Member of Parliament for Mid Derbyshire, Pauline Latham, for all she did to serve its residents.
Pauline represented the  constituency from its creation in 2010 until she stood down at the end of the last Parliament.
Prior to 2010, the communities that make up the constituency were part of other constituencies, served by many illustrious former Members, perhaps most notably George Brown.
Pauline championed many important causes in this place, including international development.
She also led the charge to increase the marriage age from 16 to 18, a lasting change that reduces the risk of young people being subjected to coercion or abuse.
I send Pauline my every best wish for her next chapter, and I look forward to working with her on areas of shared concern.
A small but important part of my constituency was served by the former Member for Derbyshire Dales, Sarah Dines.
I thank her for her service and I am sure my hon.
Friend  the Member for Derbyshire Dales (John Whitby)  will give a more extensive tribute to her in his maiden speech.
One of the most exciting priorities of this new mission-led Government is their commitment to harnessing the power of nature to deliver clean power and, in turn, to deliver energy security, new jobs and cheaper bills.
There is a history, stretching back over 250 years, of using nature to power the economy in the Derwent valley, which runs through Mid Derbyshire.
The world’s first water-powered mills were built on its river banks to spin cotton, making the valley the birthplace of the industrial revolution.
Among its early pioneers was Jedediah Strutt, a hosier and cotton spinner from Belper.
Through an entrepreneurial approach, Strutt progressed from humble beginnings to become one of the leading industrialists of his age.
Along with Sir Richard Arkwright and Samuel Need, he was a father of the modern factory system, which was adopted around the world.
Although the Derwent valley no longer hums to the clatter of looms or the rhythm of the people who operated them, it continues to harness nature to sustainably power homes and businesses through the hydroelectric schemes it supports today.
However, despite being the east midlands’ only UNESCO world heritage site, home to some of the country’s most beautiful landscape and extensive biodiversity, some of the valley’s iconic industrial buildings face an uncertain future, due to their poor state of repair and lack of occupation.
We must save these buildings.
They have incredible potential, including to support local economies, increase job opportunities and alleviate the housing crisis.
They are also vital to telling Derbyshire’s story, and the story of our country.
Celebrating and preserving the past is not frivolous or sentimental nostalgia.
It is vital to our sense of place and our perception of who we are today, what we share with others and what makes us distinctive.