I know that for a fact because the towns of Bridport, Dorchester, Lyme Regis and Sherborne have, at various times over the past few years, been described as the best towns in Britain by no less an authority than the Dorset Echo, a newspaper that shares my unrivalled objectivity when it comes to the virtues of West Dorset.
West Dorset is home to the world-famous Jurassic coast, a UNESCO world heritage site, where Mary Anning helped to revolutionise our understanding of prehistoric life.
She was long overlooked by historians, but her contribution is now recognised with a beautiful statue in her home town of Lyme Regis.
At the other end of Chesil beach is the Fleet lagoon, the UK’s largest saltwater lagoon, on which sits the Abbotsbury swannery, which is home to over 600 swans and is a fantastic day out, especially if you love swans.
As well as the swans, one can also see, rather incongruously, a prototype of Barnes Wallis’s bouncing bomb.
Quite what the swans of Abbotsbury thought about their home being used as a replica for the Ruhr dams is still unknown.
Sadly, our beaches and rivers saw over 45,000 hours of sewage released into them last year.
The River Lim, which exits at Lyme Regis, was declared “ecologically dead” due to the levels of pollution in it.
It is shameful that I and my family, before we go swimming at the nearby beach of West Bay, must log on to the Surfers Against Sewage app to check whether it is safe to swim.
I committed during the campaign to using my seat in this House to pressure the Government to take serious action on the issue of sewage, and I promise to do so.
West Dorset is Hardy country.
Thomas Hardy is renowned the world over for his poetry and novels, such as “Far from the Madding Crowd” and “Tess of the d’Urbervilles.”
His works famously deal with themes of melancholy, sadness and moral conflict—emotions that I am sure are familiar to Members voting in the Tory leadership contest.
In his lifetime, he was also highly critical of the declining status afforded to rural Britain.
For even more than its beautiful towns and coastline, West Dorset is a constituency defined by its countryside—a landscape managed and maintained by our farmers and food producers, who are the beating heart of our rural economy.
We desperately need a national food and farming strategy that will deliver sustainable living for our farmers.
Far from being cut, the farming budget must be significantly increased if conversations about food security are ever to be anything other than fine words.
As an environmentalist, I am delighted that we now have a Government who seem to understand the importance of tackling the climate crisis and who recognise the vital part that renewable energy will play in achieving net zero.
Having spent a large part of my career in renewable energy, I will be urging the Government to go further and faster if we are to avoid the worst ravages of the climate emergency, which is already unfolding.
The Liberal Democrats will continue to champion the need for action in this House.
On the subject of my party, I pay tribute to our party leader, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston and Surbiton (Ed Davey) .
I and many of my colleagues owe our seats in no small part to his fantastic, if unorthodox, campaign.
I must also pay tribute to another leader of the Liberal Democrats.
My political journey began in 2015, with Nick Clegg’s resignation speech.
He said—I summarise here—that in the face of the politics of identity, nationalism and “us versus them”, it has never been more important to keep the flame of liberalism alive.
It was true then and it is true now.