The A38 in particular has helped to establish a logistics centre in the village of Fradley on the site of the former RAF Lichfield.
Fans of the BBC’s “Bargain Hunt” will know Fradley well, given the regular appearances of Richard Winterton and his auctioneers on that show.
I hope that I can get as much airtime as they do.
Slightly further up the A38 is the National Memorial Arboretum near Alrewas—a wonderful venue, as the site of national remembrance.
I advise every single person to make a visit there to remember, not just in November but on any day.
I am sure that in the coming months the Secretary of State for Transport will grow tired of my lobbying about the need for a railway station to serve that amazing location.
On a dissimilar note, the first Travelodge in the UK was opened slightly up the road some 39 years ago, near the village of Barton-under-Needwood, although that village should be much better remembered as the home of the Holland tug of war team.
Founded in 1970, the team has represented England at numerous international tournaments, and even brought home a silver medal from the 2010 world open championships.
It is to this constituency that I will return during the recess.
I look forward to speaking to my constituents about transport, access to healthcare, education, health and care plans, and many other issues that are on their lips.
I look forward to bringing those stories back to this place, so that I can continue to advocate on my constituents’ behalf.
I am extremely honoured to be giving my maiden speech in a debate named after the late, great Sir David Amess.
I am grateful for this opportunity.
I thank all Members who have given their maiden speeches today.
I enjoyed the lot of them.
It has been wonderful to learn about the many famous former residents of Lichfield, and I wish  the hon.
Member for Lichfield (Dave Robertson)  the best of luck in adding his name to that pantheon.
Special mention goes to  the hon.
Member for Southampton Test (Satvir Kaur)  for providing the answer to the pub quiz question: what links Craig David and fishfinger sandwiches?
We all know better now.
I am the first non-Conservative MP for West Dorset in its 139-year history—something I am extremely proud of.
That notwithstanding, I will start by paying tribute to my Conservative predecessor.
Chris Loder’s family has farmed West Dorset for over 100 years, and he should be deservedly proud to have served as its MP.
We are both successors to Sir Oliver Letwin, an MP who was so well respected by the residents of West Dorset that they would stop me at every opportunity to tell me what a fantastic constituency MP he was.
I can only hope to leave this House as fondly remembered in the  area as he is.
Although each of us has been proud to be the Member for West Dorset, we are not West Dorset’s proudest member.
That honour goes to the Cerne Abbas giant, a 55-metre-high chalk fertility symbol whose presence stands proud over the Cerne valley for all to see.
West Dorset is the best constituency in the country.
I know that for a fact because the towns of Bridport, Dorchester, Lyme Regis and Sherborne have, at various times over the past few years, been described as the best towns in Britain by no less an authority than the Dorset Echo, a newspaper that shares my unrivalled objectivity when it comes to the virtues of West Dorset.
West Dorset is home to the world-famous Jurassic coast, a UNESCO world heritage site, where Mary Anning helped to revolutionise our understanding of prehistoric life.
She was long overlooked by historians, but her contribution is now recognised with a beautiful statue in her home town of Lyme Regis.