Alan, and the former Member of Parliament for Southampton Itchen, John Denham, have both been instrumental in helping me to reach this place today.
Indeed, John, on a visit to my school fair, awarded me first prize, when I was only eight years old, for my fancy dress costume.
I do not know what it was about me dressing up as a clown that made John think that I might one day be destined for a career in politics.
The truth is that I owe so much to my incredible city and the remarkable people of Southampton who gave me the opportunity to be where I am today.
Southampton has made me who I am.
As someone who grew up in one of Southampton’s most deprived communities, I saw at first hand the importance of community and service to others.
Southampton has a unique ability to come together when it is needed most.
I have been inspired time and time again by the many examples set by our faith organisations, local businesses and incredible local charities, from Love Southampton, a faith-based initiative, to businesses such as the Saints Pub on the Millbrook estate, and charities like Yellow Door, No Limits and Saints Foundation.
All work tirelessly to make Southampton a better place, and remind us that when we lift our poorest and most vulnerable in society, that lifts everyone.
Our city’s diversity has made me realise that we are the great place we are because of it—historic, but modern, dynamic, creative, and so much more.
I may stand here as our constituency’s first female MP and MP of colour, but I know that there are many more before me who have paved the way.
I feel that responsibility here as well, and feel their weight on my shoulders.
As a graduate of Southampton’s two world-class universities —the University of Southampton, and then Solent University —I know that they put our city on the map, and that both are institutions that inspire, innovate and push boundaries.
They have helped me, and our city, to be more forward-thinking and outward-looking.
As a Saints fan, I must confess that supporting our team is a bit of an emotional rollercoaster, which has taught me, above anything else, enormous resilience.
We are thankfully back in the premier league, but whether we are winning or losing, together as one city we march on.
I am incredibly proud of Southampton and everything it represents, but like any major city, we know that we face challenges.
One in every three children lives below the poverty line, and life expectancy can drop by 10 years simply by being the wrong side of a bridge.
Public services are on their knees, and many families I represent are struggling.
That is why I want to be part of the renewal that this Labour Government are promising, and want to rebuild the services on which my communities rely—from a decent home becoming a basic human right to people feeling safe in our streets and neighbourhoods again; from having access to healthcare when it is needed to protecting our environment and rivers.
Another key priority of mine is to ensure that we create opportunities for all, and include the excluded.
We know that children from poor areas or ethnic minority backgrounds, or those with disabilities, are not less talented; they are simply given fewer opportunities.
Britain’s talent is spread evenly across our communities and our country.
If we are to realise our potential, we must ensure that those opportunities are spread more evenly too.
These challenges will not be easy to resolve, but the people of Southampton, like so many across Britain, are rightfully proud and ambitious for themselves, their families and their country.
That is why we need a Government who are equally ambitious, and committed  to unlocking the potential and opportunities of places like Southampton.