They are also vital to telling Derbyshire’s story, and the story of our country.
Celebrating and preserving the past is not frivolous or sentimental nostalgia.
It is vital to our sense of place and our perception of who we are today, what we share with others and what makes us distinctive.
Knowing where we have come from also shapes where we venture next; that is as true of buildings, countryside and historic sites as it is of our politics.
It is also true of our arts and culture.
The creative industries are among Britain’s most important exports.
They are a huge part of our economy and boost our standing around the world.
They are a vital catalyst to express and explore ideas and bring communities together.
They have been common to every culture since primordial times.
Music, the visual arts, dance and drama provide an opportunity to walk in somebody else’s shoes.
They build a more inquiring society and help us to understand who we are and what it might be like to have somebody else’s experience.
They are also a vital educational tool,  but in far too many cases they are not a staple in schools or something that people have an adequate opportunity to engage with throughout their life.
I look forward to making the case, throughout my time in this place, that this is an underused opportunity for our country.
As we face the huge challenges ahead and return the country to economic stability and renewal, opportunity must be our watchword: opportunity to help people get ahead in life through good jobs, for example in the small and medium-sized businesses that proliferate in my constituency or at places like SmartParc in Spondon, where food production is being reimagined; opportunity to benefit from exceptional education and training, such as is being offered at Rolls-Royce and at the University of Derby in my constituency; opportunity to enjoy good health and community safety through renewed public services; and opportunity to live in a greener world through the new Government’s commitment to the environment and to tackling climate change.
Being given the opportunity to serve the people of Mid Derbyshire is the privilege of my life, and I thank everyone who supported me along the way.
I thank the voters of Mid Derbyshire: whether they voted for me or not, I am here to serve them.
I also thank my many friends and family, who have been a great source of strength on the journey.
I am determined to do the people of Mid Derbyshire proud, and to support the new Government to deliver the change that my constituents tell me they need and that they rightly deserve.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
May I thank hon.
Members who have made their first speeches today for setting the bar so high?
I hope I can live up to the standard that they have set.
I am sent to this place by the constituents of Lichfield, a constituency that includes not only the city itself, but the town of Burntwood and around 40 villages and hamlets in the great county of Staffordshire.
I am proud to serve the area that has been my home since before I knew to call anywhere home and where I hope it will be for many, many more years to come.
My predecessor in this House was Sir Michael Fabricant.
He was knighted in 2023 for political and public service after more than 30 years representing first the constituency of Mid Staffordshire and then Lichfield in this House.
Thirty-two years in total Sir Michael served, and I think that would be a number to which we would all aspire.
Should I be fortunate enough to still be in this place in 30 years’ time, Madame Deputy Speaker, I can only hope to have such a head of hair.
It is, however, to longevity that I wish to turn now.