Finally, on the transition to representative and inclusive governance, we note the launching of the non-binding national dialogue conference by the interim Government of Syria, but does the Minister believe that this process will yield the kind of results we all want for the people of Syria, and has he discussed this through the channels he has established with the interim Government?
I will try to answer as many of the shadow Foreign Secretary’s questions as I can.
As she knows, we have had senior-level contact with the new HTS leadership.
Our Foreign Secretary met the interim Foreign Minister on the margins of the Paris meeting.
We have not yet sent Ministers to Damascus, as many of our partners will.
We keep these issues under close review.
On whether we are consulting the Europeans on sanctions and other things, the Europeans have taken steps on sanctions slightly in advance of us.
I cannot remember the precise date, but they relaxed their sanctions before we did.
I can confirm to the shadow Foreign Secretary that we keep all decisions on sanctions under very close review.
The 24 entities for which sanctions were lifted on Friday are very much focused on the economic function of Syria.
As the shadow Foreign Secretary knows well, Syria is in the midst of a very significant economic crisis—the Syrian pound has lost 99% of its value—and we want to protect the Syrian people from the consequences of that crisis.
The relaxation of sanctions is very much focused on allowing normal Syrians and humanitarian actors to get on with their lives, but we will keep all further sanctions under close review.
The shadow Foreign Secretary asks about HTS’s progress on borders and countering terrorism and drugs.
She is exactly right to say that we must judge HTS on its actions, not its words.
HTS has made some very welcome commitments on a range of questions.
For example, we have seen a welcome commitment from the new interim authorities to work with the OPCW.
The interim Foreign Minister has engaged with the OPCW, which has now visited Damascus.
That is to be welcomed, but the shadow Foreign Secretary is right that actions, not words, will be how we judge our Syria policy.
I call the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee.
I thank the Minister for his statement, and I echo his horror at the killing of civilians in Syria this weekend.
I agree that this is a critical and fragile moment for the country.
In a letter to me last week, the Foreign Secretary made it clear that the Government’s policy is to push for an inclusive political process and accountability in Syria.
This is, of course, exactly what is needed to deal with the tensions formed by decades of civil war and brutal dictatorship, but what are the Government actually doing to make sure this happens?
We hear about aid and the loosening of sanctions.
Is this the full extent of their plan?
If there is more, can it be implemented properly when we do not have an embassy in Syria and when our special representative has visited Damascus only twice this year?
My right hon.
Friend raises some important points, including about what the transitional Government will look like.
And the answer is that all of Syria’s diverse communities need to feel that they have a presence in the new Government of Syria.
Of course, many Alawites, many Druze, many Kurds and many Christians across Syria feel very nervous at the moment, and we call on the interim Administration to do all they can through their actions, not words, to reassure those communities that they are welcome in the new Syria.
As the shadow Foreign Secretary noted, I discussed this with my Turkish counterpart last week.