If Members or others have concerns, they should contact the director of parliamentary security.
Of course, I am always available to discuss these issues with colleagues.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What recent assessment she has made of the adequacy of exceptional funding for schools.
I am proud that while this Government have made tough decisions, we have protected key education priorities.
There is additional investment in breakfast clubs, we are rebuilding and improving our special educational needs and disabilities system, and we are doing much more.
After 14 years of decline, dither and delay, we are putting education back at the heart of national life and breaking down barriers to opportunity for every child in every community.
In response to the hon.
Lady’s specific question, exceptional funding will continue to be allocated through local authorities on a case-by-case basis.
Chesham grammar school, in my constituency, has received exceptional funding from the Department for some years to facilitate the hire of the neighbouring leisure centre’s sports hall for PE lessons.
This year, the school’s application has been denied, despite its circumstances not having changed; it still has no on-site sports hall, and it still needs to fund the £65,000 hiring fees each year.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss this particular case to ensure that the students of Chesham grammar school have access to the PE curriculum the school is required to provide come September?
I would be happy to arrange a meeting for the hon.
Lady to discuss this matter further.
Buckinghamshire requested for a local authority-owned facility to be funded, and, in line with the published guidance, rental costs for local authority-owned facilities are out of scope of the exceptional funding.
However, local authorities should organise such provision within the cost availability for schools.
I would be happy to discuss the matter further.
Too many children in Southall go to school hungry, so I am delighted that the Chancellor and this Labour Government have chosen to triple investment in breakfast clubs, and that some of the first free breakfast clubs will open at Blair Peach and Wolf Fields primary schools in my constituency.
Does the Minister agree that children learn better with a full stomach?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right, which is why we are focusing our investment on breakfast clubs, which will ensure that children get not only a good start to the day with a full belly, but the support of a club that will help them to achieve and thrive.
How many schools left the breakfast club early adopters scheme prior to 24 February 2025.
Last month, Labour announced the first wave of primary schools set to offer the new free breakfast clubs.
We were delighted that more than 3,000 schools applied to be early adopters, with 750 starting to deliver from the summer term, meaning that children will start the day ready to learn and parents will save up to £450.
While Conservative Members cannot bring themselves to welcome the clubs, Labour is boosting parents’ work choices and children’s life chances.
Primary schools have been forced to pull out of the pilot or take a financial hit to participate in it.
Does the Secretary of State really believe that the basic funding rate for breakfast is 60p?
No, I do not, because that is not actually the case.
I am afraid that is not the only area where the hon.
Lady is mistaken.
The Conservatives should swallow their pride and welcome these breakfast clubs, which will transform the life chances of children across our country, are incredibly popular with parents, and will ensure that all our children get a brilliant start to the school day.
I refer Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
I welcome Opposition Members’ interest in breakfast clubs.
Can the Secretary of State confirm that all primary schools and all primary school students will have breakfast clubs by the end of this Parliament?