I absolutely join the hon.
Lady in congratulating the library service on its success.
We all know how valuable our local libraries are in supporting and encouraging children and families to read.
This is obviously a priority; we encourage reading for pleasure as much as reading for study, and it is something we clearly need more of—as is longevity, as she rightly says.
I call the shadow Minister, Neil O’Brien.
I completely agree with  the hon.
Member for Hampstead and Highgate (Tulip Siddiq) .
What is displacing reading for pleasure among children is smartphones and social media, including in schools.
The Department for Education’s own behaviour survey found that nearly half of pupils in years 10 and 11 report that in most or all lessons, mobile phones are being used when they should not be.
The guidance is not working, so why are the Government continuing to block our proposals for a proper ban on smartphones in schools?
Last year, under the previous Government, we saw the steepest year-on-year drop in the number of children and young people enjoying reading.
The hon.
Member should look at the record of his Government before pointing the finger.
Phones should not be out in schools; it is a simple as that.
Heads have the power to impose rules that suit their school community.
Just a year ago, his Government claimed that they were “prohibiting” mobile phones in schools, and that their guidance meant a “consistent approach” across schools.
Those were their words.
The then Secretary of State said:
“We are giving our hard-working teachers the tools to take action”.
Was that Secretary of State right back then, when they backed the Tory Government’s measures, or is the hon.
Member?
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to implement the plan for change mission entitled “Break Down Barriers to Opportunity”.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to implement the plan for change mission entitled “Break Down Barriers to Opportunity”.
This Labour Government are determined to break the link between background and success, so that where someone is from does not determine where they end up in life.
That work starts with the early years, which is when we can make the biggest difference to children’s life chances.
Through our plan for change, we will get tens of thousands more children—a record share—starting school ready to learn, because children growing up in our country deserve the best start in life, and nothing less.
What specific steps are being taken to ensure that the plan for change will help those in my constituency of Wolverhampton West who have historically faced systemic barriers to opportunity, such as those with special educational needs, those from ethnic minority backgrounds, and those from a background of lower socioeconomic status?
In Wolverhampton West and across our country, this Labour Government are determined to ensure that background is no barrier to getting on in modern Britain.
That is why we will reform the special educational needs and disabilities system to ensure that all our children get the support that they need to thrive.
Alongside that, we have delivered the biggest ever uplift in the early years pupil premium.
We are rolling out breakfast clubs in our primary schools and will be launching the first phase of primary-based nurseries, ensuring that all our children have access to fantastic early years education.
Last week, I visited Hertfordshire and Essex high school in Bishop’s Stortford, Sele school in Hertford, and Hertford regional college in Ware.
At each one, I met young people with exciting ambitions for the future.
I welcome the action that the Government are taking to build our young people’s confidence and open up opportunities for them.