Assessment clearly has an important role to play in supporting achievement and development within schools.
We will consider how the reformed curriculum and assessment will affect schools.
We recognise the importance of supporting schools through any changes that come forward in the interim and final report.
From the rise of Andrew Tate to the re-emergence of Tommy Robinson, lots of young people I speak to are concerned about the extremism and conspiracy theories that they are encountering online.
Last month, an important report from Public First and the Pears Foundation highlighted the need to do more to empower schools and teachers to tackle those things in the classroom.
How will we use the curriculum review to make the most of this moment to empower young people to feel safer in online spaces?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
We already provide guidance and resources to help and support teachers to recognise some of those challenges, to intervene swiftly where necessary, and not to tolerate a culture that excuses harm and the experiences of women.
Schools must be places where all young people can thrive and be ready for work and life.
We will ensure that the curriculum and assessment review reflects that.
I call the shadow Minister.
One reason why England’s schools rose up the international league tables in recent years is that they spent more time on core academic subjects such as English and maths.
Having fallen sharply under the last Labour Government, the share of pupils doing double or triple science at GCSE has also gone up from 70% to 98%.
Can the Minister reassure the House that time will not be taken away from the core academic subjects, and that their content will not be cut back, as a result of the curriculum review?
The Government entered office to unprecedented challenges, including crumbling public services and crippling public finances.
In the face of a significant financial black hole we are taking tough decisions to fix the foundations, but we are protecting key education priorities, rebuilding schools and rolling out breakfast clubs, and we will continue to do so.
What steps she is taking to increase funding for SEND provision.
What steps she is taking to ensure adequate levels of high needs block funding.
The Government inherited a “lose, lose, lose” SEND situation.
The Tories even described it as such in their own words, with the Deputy Chief Whip saying that they should hang their heads in shame over what they left behind.
Since entering government, Labour has restructured the Department to put SEND at its heart.
We have invested £1 billion into services, and £740 million to create additional specialist places.
But we are under no illusions that reform to the system is desperately needed, and we have brought in expert advisers to help us achieve that.
In London alone, the deficit for this year is estimated to be £313.8 million, but that will grow to £502 million next year unless more money is put in.
Clearly, there is a problem that we need to address.
Ideally, those with special educational needs should be taught in mainstream education.
However, it is much cheaper for local authorities to have in-house provision and special needs schools in the borough, rather than send children to another more expensive borough.
Harrow was granted a new special educational needs school under the last Government.
Will the Minister confirm that it will proceed?
It has the support of all the headteachers and cross-party support.
The hon.
Gentleman described the challenge that resulted from 14 years under the previous Government.
We recognise the strain that the rising cost of SEND provision is putting on local government, which is why we will be setting out plans to reform the SEND system, with further details to come this year, including how local authorities will be supported to manage their historical and accruing deficits.