On aid, I can confirm that we will continue to play our full part in Syria.
On Monday, there will be an international pledging conference on Syria in Brussels, and I expect we will be able to make further announcements in advance of that.
The interim Government in Syria have suggested that operations in the coastal areas are complete and that things have now calmed down, but human rights groups suggest that the violence is ongoing.
Is the Government’s assessment that this was a spike in violence or a continuing escalation in the security situation in Syria?
My hon.
Friend rightly points to some of the confusion around events at the coast.
We are monitoring the situation very closely and will update once we have more clarity.
We are calling on the interim authorities to ensure that the violence stops now.
I call the Father of the House.
The Christian community in Syria is one of the oldest in the world.
Up to the civil war, it was about 10% of the population; now, it is down to 2%.
Aid to the Church in Need has described Friday as a “black and painful day” for Christians in the Latakia area, with Christians being murdered in their cars and in their homes.
Will the Minister—representing, as he does, a Christian country—call out the new Sunni Muslim Government of Syria and say that they have an absolute duty of care to all minorities: Christians, Druze, Alawites or others?
I can tell the right hon.
Gentleman, and my constituency neighbour, that we do, of course, call on the interim Administration to ensure the full representation of every one of the minorities in Syria—Christians, Druze, Kurds, Alawites and many others.
I thank the Minister for his statement and thank the Government for the support they have given to the people of Syria.
The terrible events of this weekend bring home the vital importance of an inclusive process for all people in Syria.
I am aware of the Minister’s response to a previous question about our diplomatic presence in Syria, but are the Government also looking at ways we can increase our engagement with civil society in Syria?
It is not just the Administration with which it is important to engage, but civil society.
Civil society groups want to carry out a number of peaceful initiatives to build a more inclusive society, but they are struggling to get governmental and non-governmental funding and to have the right conversations.
Is that something the UK Government could look at, as we build a more peaceful and inclusive society in Syria?
My hon.
Friend has worked on these issues for many years, and he is right about the vital role of civil society.
I was pleased to meet Syrian civil society organisations with him, and indeed separately.
I am pleased to confirm to the House that we have been talking to a range of Syrians in Syria, including Alawites, after the events of the weekend.
The Minister is to be commended for bringing this statement to the House.
He will be aware that Britain has been heavily involved, since we helped to set up the Zaatari camp, in supporting the 5 million people in the surrounding countries who we know wish to go home as soon as the situation allows.
My plea to him is to ensure that, given all the other preoccupying crises around the world, the full force of the Foreign Office, with its long history of engagement in Syria, does not get distracted elsewhere but is brought to bear at this time.
I pay tribute to the right hon.
Gentleman’s many years of work on Syria as the Secretary of State for International Development and in many other capacities.
I confirm that I and we will remain focused on events in Syria, which are of vital importance to the region and to the UK.
We will continue to give them the focus that they deserve.