Last week, I visited Hertfordshire and Essex high school in Bishop’s Stortford, Sele school in Hertford, and Hertford regional college in Ware.
At each one, I met young people with exciting ambitions for the future.
I welcome the action that the Government are taking to build our young people’s confidence and open up opportunities for them.
As we break down the barriers to opportunity, will the Secretary of State set out in further detail how the Government are supporting young people in constituencies like mine to discover a subject that they are passionate about, develop a new skill and find the path that is right for them?
My hon.
Friend has evidently had a busy week in his constituency, and I know he champions young people and the need to drive up standards in education.
Under our plan for change, we are starting learning earlier through accessible and affordable early years education.
We are ensuring that all young people will have the skills that they need to seize opportunity, with strong pathways into post-16 learning.
We also want to ensure that throughout people’s lives, they have the chance to get on at work.
The changes that I set out during National Apprenticeship Week—we are cutting red tape to create more than 10,000 apprenticeships—will make a big difference to adult learners in his constituency and right across our country.
This slogan word salad of a question talks about breaking down barriers to opportunity.
Many of my constituents want to know how on earth implementing an education tax on the independent school sector breaks down barriers to opportunity.
It puts up those barriers for parents who have scrimped and saved to put their children through  independent school.
It is a policy of spite that will hurt the state school sector.
What this Government are doing is far from breaking down barriers; it is putting up barriers to aspiration.
This Labour Government are aspirational and ambitious for all our children, including the vast majority of children who go to school in the state system.
I was going to say that the Conservatives have not got much to say on education, and that is true, but the one policy that they actually have is to reverse the tax change that Labour has introduced in order to invest more in our state system.
We need to hear from them where they would find the money to pay for the teachers and wider support that all our children deserve.
Despite all the scaremongering that we have heard from the private schools lobby, at national offer day last week, more children got their first-choice place.
What the scaremongers predicted has just not come to pass.
The plan for change includes the mission to break down barriers to opportunity and build an NHS fit for the future, but many NHS trusts, including mine, which represents St Richard’s hospital in Chichester, report that they are unable to offer level 6 and level 7 apprenticeships, due to a lack of backfill funding.
That often results in them handing back the apprenticeship levy.
What steps is the Department for Education taking to address that fundamental flaw in the scheme, and to ensure that apprenticeships deliver the nurses and midwives of the future?
Apprenticeships have an important role to play in our system, including in our NHS.
I am working closely with the Health Secretary to ensure that we address the long-standing workforce challenges left behind by the Conservatives, as part of the workforce plan for the NHS.
We want to ensure that all employers can take on more apprentices and that we drive forward in key shortage areas.
The changes that we are introducing through Skills England will make a big difference in addressing and responding to the big skills shortages that we face in this country.
I call the shadow Minister.