The hon.
Gentleman described the challenge that resulted from 14 years under the previous Government.
We recognise the strain that the rising cost of SEND provision is putting on local government, which is why we will be setting out plans to reform the SEND system, with further details to come this year, including how local authorities will be supported to manage their historical and accruing deficits.
Decisions on new school provision and buildings will also be made in due course.
Has the Department give due consideration to updating the allocation policy?
It is currently based on historical funding, which leaves boroughs such as Barking and Dagenham at a disadvantage for SEN provision compared with inner-London boroughs.
The structure of the high needs funding formula is largely unchanged in 2025-26, as we take time to consider what changes might be necessary to ensure a fair system that directs funding to where it is needed and that will support our future SEND reforms.
We will continue to consider where changes to the formula will be required.
The Secretary of State visited a school in Dagenham in December and saw at first hand its excellent work and the difference it is making to children with special educational needs in my hon.
Friend’s area.
I draw the attention of Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
I have a school in my constituency that is very good at helping students with education, health and care plans—so much so that it is struggling  with the number of students who have EHCPs.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss this issue and wider SEND issues in my constituency?
The Government want to ensure that education, health and care plans are issued quickly, to help children and young people achieve and thrive.
Officials work continuously with local authorities to offer support where there are issues with timeliness, to ensure that effective recovery plans are in place.
I am sure that a meeting could be arranged for the hon.
Gentleman to discuss his particular concerns in more detail.
I call the Chair of the Education Committee.
The deep crisis in our SEND system, which is one of both funding and delivery, is letting down far too many children, and requires urgent action.
Will the Minister update the House on the timing of the Government’s plans for SEND, and provide assurances that there will be full engagement with parents, professionals and young people with SEND on any such plans?
We recognise the unprecedented pressures that local authorities are under and that the system does not currently deliver the best education possible for families, who want the best for their children, as quickly or thoroughly as it should.
We will be announcing more details of reform plans this year.
We consult continuously with families, representatives of families and local authorities, and we will work closely with my hon.
Friend’s Committee.
Across the 46 schools in Mid Norfolk, SEND provision is the No.
1 issue for parents, teachers and staff.
Contrary to the party political broadcast from Ministers, in the last 14 years I was lucky to secure £7 million from the Conservative coalition for a new school and Conservative county council funding for a new school in Swaffham.
Officials in the Department for Education have also been constructive in working on a pathfinder for rural hub-and-spoke support.
Parents in rural areas really struggle.
What are Ministers doing to take that forward to support small rural schools to access specialist help in hubs?
I know that the hon.
Gentleman raises his concern in all sincerity.
We will continue to work with all partners, parents, teachers, local authorities and indeed the NHS on how we reform our SEND system and ensure that the support that is needed reaches every part of every community.