I refer Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
I welcome Opposition Members’ interest in breakfast clubs.
Can the Secretary of State confirm that all primary schools and all primary school students will have breakfast clubs by the end of this Parliament?
I recognise the incredible work that the early adopters will be taking forward, but it is the case that all primary schools will offer a universal free breakfast club under this Labour Government.
Opposition Members can raise the previous schemes  that they left behind all they like, but those schemes were far less generous.
This Labour Government are trebling investment in breakfast clubs.
What progress her Department has made on establishing regional improvement for standards and excellence teams.
Labour’s RISE teams have hit the ground running.
The first wave of advisers—professionals with a proven track record of driving up standards—are now drawing up improvement plans with schools.
The Tories left more than 600 stuck schools teaching over 300,000 children with no plan for improvement.
Labour will drive high and rising standards, turning those schools around and creating a system where every child can achieve and thrive.
In my area, the Government have identified six stuck schools in Cheshire East and two in Cheshire West.
Can the Secretary of State explain the support that will be made available to them to drive up standards?
What levers do RISE teams have if schools choose not to follow their advice?
Universal support will be available to all schools to drive up standards, but we expect all schools to engage in mandatory, targeted RISE intervention.
We will not hesitate to act where there are concerns.
Unlike the last Conservative Government, we will not stand by as children pass through schools that are not delivering, year after year.
The attainment gaps in the south-west are the largest in England, across the primary and secondary sectors.
In the past, local authorities have played a big role in improving education.
What plans do the Government have for local authorities to be involved in closing that attainment gap?
The hon.
Lady is right to identify the disadvantage gaps that exist in many parts of the country, and the challenge in her part of the country.
We believe that local authorities have an important role to play, working with trust leaders and others to drive up standards.
That is why, through the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill, we are bringing forward measures to ensure that the system works together more effectively, including in areas such as admissions and place planning.
When she expects the interim report on the curriculum and assessment review to be published.
Under the Tories, young people felt underprepared for their futures, and employers agreed that too many were leaving school lacking the skills needed in the modern workplace and ill-equipped for an ever-changing world.
Through the independent curriculum and assessment review, Labour will bring forward a cutting-edge curriculum  that ensures that all our children leave school ready for work and for life.
The interim report will be published in the spring.
Parents and pupils will think that Ministers are on another planet when they hear such answers.
SATs in years 2 and 6 mean that primary schools can be held accountable, and that we can measure progress data through secondary education, but the National Education Union says that SATs “do not benefit learning” and wants the Government to abolish them.
Will the Minister rule out abolishing SATs in primary schools—yes or no?
Assessment clearly has an important role to play in supporting achievement and development within schools.
We will consider how the reformed curriculum and assessment will affect schools.
We recognise the importance of supporting schools through any changes that come forward in the interim and final report.