We want to ensure that all employers can take on more apprentices and that we drive forward in key shortage areas.
The changes that we are introducing through Skills England will make a big difference in addressing and responding to the big skills shortages that we face in this country.
I call the shadow Minister.
Labour’s plan says that the early years must be the top priority, but a survey by the National Day Nurseries Association finds that nursery fees are going up by 10% on average because the Government are not compensating nurseries for the cost of the national insurance increase.
Will the Government rethink that decision, which the Early Years Alliance has described as “catastrophic”, or will it be just another example of a tax on working people?
We are investing more in the early years system through the Budget; there are record levels of investment to support families with the expansion that they were promised by the Conservatives, but for which there had been no funding for delivery.
We have also delivered the single-biggest uplift in the early years pupil premium, alongside an expansion grant, because we know that, in too many parts of the country, parents are unable to access the places that they have been promised.
We are determined to turn that around.
Our ambitions to roll out primary-based nurseries will also make a big difference by supporting parents in the childcare deserts left by the Conservatives.
What steps she is taking to help reduce the cost of sending children to school.
Our Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill will introduce free breakfast clubs in all state-funded primary schools in England, and measures to help with the cost of school uniforms.
Breakfast clubs will save families up to £450 a year, putting money directly back into parents’ pockets.
Our action is urgent, which is why we are rolling out 750 early adopters from April—we are getting on with delivering the change that we promised.
Limiting the number of branded uniform items will give parents more flexibility, keeping costs down for families and saving some parents over £50 on the back-to-school shop.
I thank the Minister for his answer and congratulate the Department on its excellent work on the child poverty taskforce.
Lesson time and learning are being significantly affected by high levels of child poverty.
Schools in Sheffield Central tell me that many low-income families are really struggling financially.
Will the Minister confirm what specific action the Government are taking to turn the tide on child poverty and put money back into people’s pockets?
There is no challenge more crucial for this Government than tackling child poverty.
The taskforce has started the urgent work of publishing the strategy, which will look at levers across four key themes: increasing incomes, reducing essential costs, increasing financial resilience, and better local support, especially in early years.
Parents whose children have special educational needs and disabilities do not wish to send their children to far-away schools, but they have to, because of a lack of local provision.
If the children are over the age of 16, however, it is at the discretion of the local authority to decide whether to meet the cost of transporting them to school, even though education is effectively compulsory until the age of 18.
Many local authorities, including in Leicester South, are now passing that cost entirely on to parents.
Will the Minister commit to dealing with SEND transport costs in the Department’s work to reduce the cost of sending children to school?
I will happily meet the hon.
Member to discuss those issues further.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The Child Poverty Action Group estimates that the parent of a child in secondary school spends, on average, over £480 a year on school uniforms.