Gentleman’s many years of work on Syria as the Secretary of State for International Development and in many other capacities.
I confirm that I and we will remain focused on events in Syria, which are of vital importance to the region and to the UK.
We will continue to give them the focus that they deserve.
I wholeheartedly welcome the UK Government’s efforts to support the Syrian people on their country’s fragile path to building democracy following the overthrow of the brutal Assad regime.
Given the rapidly evolving situation, are the Government considering further boosting their foreign aid support and spend in Syria during this fragile period?
As I said in the statement, we have provided £62 million since the fall of Assad, and we will keep such questions under review.
There is a pledging conference on Monday where we will be talking to our partners; as my hon.
Friend knows, not all the aid will come from the UK, so co-ordination with our partners is a vital component.
I expect to be able to say more in the coming days.
I have a Syrian family living in my constituency.
The wife is from a small village in Tartus and her husband is from Salamiyah, a town in Hama.
Both of their families are still there.
They are both part of a religious minority, the Ismaili community, and come from a very diverse area that has Alawite, Muslim and Christian villages.
The mountainous areas around Tartus are currently being ravaged by extremist Muslim groups, killing whole families.
The area near the husband’s family is preparing for an imminent attack.
My constituents are terrified for the safety of their families.
They are pleading for an urgent intervention from the international community to stop the killings and to protect civilians.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for that moving account.
The family in his constituency are representative of Syria, which is a place of many different minorities and communities with a long history of working together.
I confirm that I am working with international partners, including the United Nations, to do everything we can to ensure that the violence on the coast stops.
The Minister paints an extremely concerning picture of what is happening in Syria.
On  9 December , the Government announced a temporary pause in accepting asylum applications from people from Syria, because of our hopes for the country’s future.
In the light of what he is telling us, what conversations has he had with his colleagues in Government about what should inform that assessment moving forward and what it means for people in our country?
The events over the weekend are still unfolding.
I am not really in a position to provide any further commentary on what they might mean in relation to other parts of Government, but I will return to the House when I am.