Here in England, through the consultation about relationships, sex and health education, we are looking at what more we can do to ensure that all young people get the support that they need, including in the areas that he has identified.
School staff in North East Hertfordshire work tirelessly in dilapidated facilities to support students with special educational needs while parents face absurdly long journeys to reach specialist schools, and in the meantime the old Roysia school site in Royston lies vacant.
Will the  Minister meet me to discuss the school estate in my constituency, and how we can use the Roysia site to meet local special educational needs?
We are very open to ideas for how we can best use the school estate to meet the needs of young people, including those with SEND.
We are determined to deliver a wide range of reforms, and I—or, indeed, the early years Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Portsmouth South (Stephen Morgan) —would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss how we can best use the resource in his constituency for the benefit of all the children who need it.
Last week the Department announced that colleges would receive only two thirds of the funding that they were promised for the 35,000 additional 16 to 18-year-old students enrolled last autumn, a decision that could lead to thousands of prospective students being turned away this September.
That follows a cut in the adult skills funding.
Can the Secretary of State explain how cutting promised funds will help to address skills shortages in the economy and help to deliver the Government’s growth mission?
I absolutely agree that skills are critical to driving growth.
That is why we are now spending over £400 million more on 16-to-19 education—£100 million more than was announced at the Budget—including £87 million in in-year growth funding, to ensure that places are available where needed.
Through the reforms that we are driving with Skills England, we will make sure that where there was once a fragmented skills system, we have a coherent system that supports all our young people and adult learners, too.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I will make a statement on Syria.
Events in Syria over the past few days are deeply concerning.
We are working as quickly as possible to establish from reliable sources of information what exactly happened and who was responsible, but reports that a large number of civilians have been killed in coastal areas in ongoing violence are horrific.
As the Foreign Secretary made clear in his statement yesterday, the interim authorities in Damascus must ensure the protection of all Syrians and set out a clear path to transitional justice.
This is a critical moment for Syria, and for the interim authorities to demonstrate their intent to promote stability and to govern in the interests of all Syrians.
Since the fall of Assad on  8 December , our priority has been to support a Syrian-led and Syrian-owned political transition that leads to an inclusive, non-sectarian and representative Government.
We have been clear that anyone seeking a role in governing Syria should demonstrate a commitment to the protection of human rights, unfettered access for humanitarian aid and the safe destruction of chemical weapons stockpiles, and combat terrorism and extremism.
This is the only way forward towards a more stable, free and prosperous future for Syria and for Syrians, who suffered for so long under the brutal Assad regime.
We have consistently emphasised this message in all our diplomatic engagement with the interim authorities, and in concert with our international partners.
We will continue to focus our diplomacy to this end.
The UK is engaging privately and regularly with the interim authorities at every level, including through Ministers and our Syria envoy.
We are supporting them to take steps that will deliver a more stable, free and prosperous future for the Syrian people.