I know that the hon.
Gentleman raises his concern in all sincerity.
We will continue to work with all partners, parents, teachers, local authorities and indeed the NHS on how we reform our SEND system and ensure that the support that is needed reaches every part of every community.
Our ambition is for a more inclusive mainstream school system that draws on the right education and health specialists to ensure that every child receives the support that they deserve.
Far too many children with complex learning disabilities and autism have been failed by the system and end up having a place not in their local community, but in institutions.
That disproportionately affects black children, which is synonymous with the ’60s and ’70s when they were classified as “educationally subnormal”.
Will the Minister explain what work is being done to identify the number of children who have been institutionalised?
What work has been undertaken to review and amend those situations?
I know that this issue is important to my hon.
Friend.
She has, quite rightly, been raising it through a number of avenues.
I will continue to work with her to ensure that we learn from the past, when far too many children were let down, and that, as we reform our SEND system, it is fit for purpose and serves every child.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Some of the huge cost pressures on SEND budgets are being driven by the lack of state special school places, with many councils forced to send children with complex needs to private special schools that can cost two to three times more than local authority provision.
There are many brilliant independent special schools providing value for money, yet we know that some private equity firms are profiteering with upwards of 20% profit margins from the schools that they run.
Why will Ministers not back Liberal Democrat amendments to the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill to include special schools in their proposed profit cap backstop for children’s social care providers?
The Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill is a landmark piece of legislation that the hon.
Lady knows brings forward really important changes that will keep children safe as well as reform our school system so that it serves all.
We are focused on improving inclusivity and expertise in mainstream schools and ensuring that we do have special schools that can cater for those with the most complex needs.
Our priority is restoring the trust that parents should have that their child will get the support they need.
We will do all that is necessary as part of our SEND reforms to ensure that that is delivered.
What recent progress she has made on determining the future of the institutes of technology.
The Department values the approach of the institutes of technology, which bring together education and industry to develop and deliver curriculums related to local employers and create sustainable pathways for talent development.
We will continue to work with IOTs —including Swindon and Wiltshire IOT—in developing our strategy for post-16 skills.
I thank the Minister for her response.
Would she consider meeting me so that we can work together on growing IOTs like Swindon, especially given their degree-awarding powers?
IOTs bring together further education and higher education providers to deliver higher level technical qualifications including degrees and apprenticeships.
I could offer to meet my hon.
Friend, but I am sure he would much prefer to meet my noble Friend the Skills Minister from the other place.
I will raise his request with her.
The Stimulating Physics Network has been working to improve the knowledge, skills and confidence of non-specialist science teachers in secondary schools, with outstanding results: in schools that take part, there are 6% more A-level physics entrants, and 29% more girls taking physics.
That compares with 13% in schools that do not take part.