What steps she is taking to improve management accountability at multi-academy trusts.
Accountability is non-negotiable for this Government, and we know that when standards slip, it is disadvantaged children who suffer.
Through Ofsted reform, we are putting an end to high stakes, low information headline judgments, and in their place school report cards will provide clear detail on what schools are doing well, and where they must improve.
High standards must be for every child in every school, so we are increasing the oversight of multi-academy trusts.
Our focus remains on standards, not structures.
I have a case in my constituency where a governor feels that she was pushed out, having raised concerns about senior teaching staff.
I understand from last year’s Sky News report that that may not necessarily be an isolated incident, as the accountability process potentially involves trustees marking their own homework.
I am a strong supporter of academies, but there must be a balance.
Will the Minister commit to bringing in a system of accountability and transparency to prevent such things from happening?
Where concerns about an academy are identified or raised, the Department works closely with the trust to ensure that all statutory requirements are being met.
We are legislating in the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill for a more proportionate route to intervention in the event of trusts not complying with legal duties, or acting in a way that is not reasonable.
I appreciate the complexity of the issue that the hon.
Gentleman raises, and I would be happy to arrange a meeting to discuss it further.
In my constituency of Camborne and Redruth, a small number of multi-academy trusts are contributing to a high level of suspensions and exclusions.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss that as a matter of urgency?
I appreciate the concerns that my hon.
Friend raises, and I would be happy to arrange a meeting to discuss them in more detail.
I call the shadow Secretary of State, Laura Trott.
One of the key metrics for holding schools and trusts to account is pupil numbers; parents vote with their feet.
Why is the Secretary of State stopping good schools from being able to expand in the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill?
That will stop competition and accountability, erode parental choice, and drive down standards.
The right hon.
Lady appears to have misunderstood both the aims and impact of the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill.
We recognise that parents must have an opportunity to have good schools in their area, and that schools must be able to set admission numbers to meet the requirements of the local community.
That is why we expect local authorities to co-operate with schools in their area, and expect all schools to co-operate with the local authorities, to ensure that the right number of school places are available in the areas where they are needed.
What steps she is taking to increase funding for agricultural education and training.
Land-based colleges receive higher funding per student to support delivery of programmes in agriculture, horticulture and forestry, and animal care and veterinary science.
The 16 to 19 national funding rate will rise by 3.78% in 2025-26, increasing the funding for those programmes.
Kingston Maurward college in my constituency of West Dorset provides essential training in agriculture, offering degrees, apprenticeships and short courses to equip the next generation of farmers with critical skills.
What measures will the Minister take to ensure that farming courses are not underfunded compared with other vocational courses, and that agriculture is promoted as a viable career path?
This Government are committed to education for 16 to 19-year-olds, and beyond.
Extra funding is available for all important skills in high-value and high-cost areas, including manufacturing and farming.
We value farmers hugely and we are committed to investing £5 million in the farming budget over two years.
What steps she is taking to increase the number of construction apprenticeships.