Member to discuss those issues further.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The Child Poverty Action Group estimates that the parent of a child in secondary school spends, on average, over £480 a year on school uniforms.
The Government’s move to limit the number of branded uniform items to three or four is well intentioned, but there is nothing to stop the overinflation  of the price of those items.
A cap on costs, reviewed annually, would not just guarantee pounds and pennies saved for parents, but give schools the freedom to set their own uniform policies, rather than Ministers in Whitehall telling headteachers and school governors what to do.
Will Ministers think again and back the Liberal Democrat amendment to the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill next week?
School uniform plays a valuable role in creating a sense of common identity and reducing visible inequalities among pupils.
The Liberal Democrat spokesperson made a number of points in the Bill Committee, and the Department will certainly take forward her views and ideas.
What recent assessment she has made of trends in the number of school exclusions of pupils with special educational needs and disabilities.
Every child has the right to succeed in education.
We publish data termly and review trends, including where pupils with SEND are disproportionately affected by exclusions.
We know that some groups of children are at higher risk of exclusion, which is why the Government are breaking down barriers to opportunity by ensuring early intervention in mainstream schools for all pupils, including those at risk of exclusion.
We are clear that schools have a legal duty not to discriminate against pupils with SEND under the Equality Act 2010.
Too many children with SEND in South Cambridgeshire are out of school, due not only to exclusion but to the long waiting times for specialist or alternative provision when mainstream schools cannot meet their needs.
I was shocked to hear about Harry, a constituent of mine who has been receiving just two hours of forest school a week for the past 15 months as his only education—15 months!
What urgent action is the Minister taking to increase specialist and alternative provision, so that children like Harry can get the full and adequate education they need and deserve?
I thank the hon.
Member for sharing Harry’s story—I know she is a champion for such issues in her constituency.
The Government’s ambition is for all children with SEND to receive the right support to succeed.
The curriculum assessment review will look at how barriers to exclusion can be removed and high standards supported for children, to support further the vision that the Department announced.
There is also £740 million for the high needs capital block next year.
Permanent exclusion from primary school should be an almost non-existent occurrence.
Any primary-age pupils exhibiting difficult behaviours should undertake diagnosis for SEND, and best efforts should be made to understand any trauma that the child may have suffered.
What is the Minister doing to ensure that we build a system that prioritises the early identification of needs and quick delivery of intervention, so that children do not fall behind?
We are aware that some groups of children have a higher risk of exclusion, which is why we are breaking down barriers to opportunity, to ensure that every child can achieve and thrive.
We are committed to ensuring earlier intervention in mainstream schools for pupils, particularly those at risk of exclusion.
What steps she is taking to improve management accountability at multi-academy trusts.
Accountability is non-negotiable for this Government, and we know that when standards slip, it is disadvantaged children who suffer.
Through Ofsted reform, we are putting an end to high stakes, low information headline judgments, and in their place school report cards will provide clear detail on what schools are doing well, and where they must improve.