What will be the cost of that to the taxpayer?
Labour’s plans to end the tax breaks that private schools enjoy will invest significant money into state education.
I am really surprised that the hon.
Gentleman does not welcome the extra investment that will be going into schools in his constituency.
When it comes to children with SEND, where the place is derived through an EHCP, there will be no additional cost.
As I said earlier, the scaremongering that people like him have engaged in is just proving to be wrong.
I have often raised the importance of further education and the transformative impact it can have.
I know that the Minister and the Secretary of  State share my belief in excellent education for all, instead of the broken skills system that the Tories left behind.
To that end, what steps is the Minister taking to ensure that students without the necessary qualifications to get on to T-levels do not end up falling through the net?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to demonstrate her concern.
We want a skills system that provides opportunity and delivers growth.
The curriculum and assessment review is looking at how we can ensure that high-value qualification pathways are available for 16 to 19-year-olds.
As we continue to reform qualifications, we will consider the review findings and publish them later in the year.
After some delay, the admirable Hounsdown school in my constituency has been promised a letter by the middle of March releasing funds for the replacement of its crumbling reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete roofing.
If that letter fails to materialise within the next week, may I appeal to a Minister to intervene?
I will happily take away the right hon.
Gentleman’s concern and make sure that he gets a response as quickly as possible on the matter he raises.
I welcome the progress that the Secretary of State and her team have made.
It is clear that she is moving at pace to increase opportunities for all.
Will she update the House on what progress she has made on our commitment to deliver mental health support in schools?
The Government are committed to improving mental health support, and access to specialist mental health professionals in every school, to help young people to achieve and thrive.
We will work closely with colleagues in the Department of Health and Social Care and the NHS who will lead on services, including mental health support teams.
They are recruiting 8,500 additional mental health staff to treat children and adults, getting on with delivering the promise we made at the last election.
What formal assessment have Ministers made, or will they make, of the benefits to children’s mental health and physical health, resilience and ability to learn of investing in more opportunities for residential outdoor education experiences?
The hon.
Member raises a number of important points.
Enriching opportunities for children and young people are a key part of our breaking down the barriers to opportunity.
I am happy to meet him if he has particular examples that he wishes to share.
Parents in my rural constituency often express concerns about the limited school options, which almost always involve travelling some distance, but free transport is available only to the nearest school.
What steps are being taken to review school transport costs overall?
Will the  limited school options available to rural parents be considered when updating the home-to-school travel policy?
The Department’s home-to-school travel policy aims to ensure that no child is prevented from accessing education due to a lack of transport.
I am keen to understand how well home-to-school transport is supporting children to access educational opportunity.
I am working closely with officials on that, and I will bear my hon.
Friend’s comments and concerns in mind as that work continues.
I start by wishing you, Mr Speaker, and the House a happy Commonwealth Day.