Notwithstanding the six weeks of to and fro that I suspect we may have during the election, I want to put it on the record that I genuinely wish him very well for the future.
On Report in the House of Lords, we strengthened measures on victims to make it clear that compliance with the code is not optional and to bolster measures to   hold agencies to account for its delivery.
We also introduced measures to give a stronger voice to victims of offenders whose conditional release is considered by the mental health tribunal, to make it clear that victims who have signed non-disclosure agreements can make disclosures to much-needed support services without fear of legal action, and to raise the threshold for the disclosure of counselling notes for victims so that they can now only be disclosed where they are of substantial probative value.
We also tabled an amendment in the other place yesterday to create a new ground within article 17 of the UK general data protection regulation specifically for the victims of stalking and harassment to request deletion of personal data related to false allegations.
The amendment will help protect victims from further distress caused by the retention of such data.
I put on the record my gratitude and tribute to  the hon.
Member for Walthamstow (Stella Creasy)  for raising the issue and campaigning on it, and to my friend the noble Baroness Morgan of Cotes for pursuing it in the other place.
I turn to Lords amendments to part 3 of the Bill relating to infected blood.
I am grateful, and I know this country will be grateful, to  the right hon.
Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson)  for her tireless campaigning in seeking to expose and tackle this national scandal and ensure that those who have been victims of it receive the support and compensation they deserve.
The Lords amendments do three crucial things.
They impose a duty on the Government to establish a UK-wide infected blood compensation scheme within three months of Royal Assent; they establish a new arm’s length body named the Infected Blood Compensation Authority to deliver the compensation scheme; and they impose a duty on the Government to make interim payments of £100,000 to the estates of deceased infected people where previous interim payments have not been made.
I am grateful to the Minister for all the work that he has done on the amendments, but could I ask him about the final group who have received not a penny—the parents who lost children and the children who lost parents?
The Government have announced an additional £210,000 for those who were infected, to be paid within 90 days.
There is no timescale for payments to people who have not received anything yet.
Can he help the House understand when the payments will be made?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Lady, and I know that  the hon.
Member for Glasgow South West (Chris Stephens)  has raised similar questions previously.
I know that the right hon.
Lady and others are in correspondence with my right hon.
Friends the Prime Minister and the Minister for the Cabinet Office.
The questions raised are complex and detailed.
My understanding is that Robert Francis will be spending June having those conversations with communities and with victims and families, so that he can work out the detail of the answers to those questions from the basis of what those families and communities want to see, rather than a Minister or anyone else pre-empting that.
One of the key lessons that I and, I hope, the Government   and this House have taken from the work the right hon.
Lady has done is the need to listen to those affected, and that is what Sir Robert will be doing.
I do not want to pre-empt that from the Dispatch Box.
rose—
I suspect that the right hon.