Member for Blackpool South (Chris Webb) .
This is a sensible measure, and I am delighted to see my hon.
Friend the Minister, who is my constituency neighbour—at least for a couple more days—in his place on the Treasury Bench.
He will know that the Justice Committee published a substantial report on coroners some time ago, and that we recently did a follow-up.
This measure is wise and sensible, but there are broader issues that need to be tackled in the coronial system.
I hope that either my hon.
Friend the Minister—if we come back into government—or any future Government will look again at our report, because the one thing that we have not done and that we need to do is tackle the root problem of the coroners system, which is that it is piecemeal and sits outside the rest of the normal judicial framework.
I hope that a future Government will revisit our recommendation that we should move to a national coroners service.
That would ensure greater consistency and that the same service is provided to bereaved families right across the country, which is currently not the case.
It would be a small investment but would do the right thing.
There is, of course, a role for juries, particularly in important matters.
I welcome the changes that the Government have made to the representation of families at inquests, but, again, I hope that we can go further, particularly where state agencies and public bodies are concerned.
This is a sensible measure in the right direction, but I hope that we will grasp the nettle and have a proper national coroners service—something that has been recommended overwhelmingly in the evidence to the Justice Committee and championed by both Chief Coroners with whom I have had the pleasure of working, His Honour Judge Mark Lucraft and the recently retired His Honour Judge Thomas Teague.
Both have done a fantastic job as Chief Coroners, and I want to pay tribute to both of them.
May I begin by echoing the comments by the Chair of the Justice Committee, my hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for Bromley and Chislehurst (Sir Robert Neill) ?
In doing so, I pay my respects to him for his leadership of  the Committee over the best part of a decade—we see so much change and churn in this place.
I pay tribute to him for his knowledge, his experience, his humanity, his enthusiasm, and his ability to get things done on the Justice Committee, of which I have been privileged to be a member for the last 18 months, and to bring positive change to many aspects of the justice world.
I have no doubt that, whatever he does next in his professional career, he will continue to make great waves for those who are touched in some way by the justice system.
As my hon.
and learned Friend said, part of the Justice Committee’s work has included looking at the coronial system—first, in 2011 and, more recently, last year.
We have looked at all aspects of the coronial system, not least the impact that covid has had on its ability to function in the way that we would all want.
The Minister is right to take a pragmatic approach by providing some breathing space and capacity within the coronial system, so that many of the cases that need to move through the courts in a timely and compassionate way are able to do so.
As has been alluded to, there are, of course, many other issues that need to be addressed.
Unfortunately, due to the sudden end to this Parliament, the report that the Justice Committee was on the very cusp of producing for the Government will now be in the form of correspondence that has gone to the Department.