My hometown’s motto is “Progress”.
The town that pioneered municipal street lighting, electric tramways and modern tourism for the working classes has continued to forge ahead, even with deep spending cuts.
Blackpool South now has a Labour MP.
Under what I hope is an imminent Labour Government, I will fight to make sure that progress is possible for everyone in Blackpool, inspiring the next generation.
With economic stability, families in Blackpool South, where a third of children live in poverty, will not have to choose between heating and eating.
Cuts to NHS waiting times will mean that those in Blackpool South, where people are twice as likely to die from heart disease by the age of 75 as people in wealthy areas, will be able to see a doctor when they need to.
Hundreds more police on the streets will mean that in Blackpool, where weapon and knife offences have increased by more than 400% since 2015, safety will be restored to our communities.
But those painful statistics tell only half the story.
Anyone from Blackpool will tell you to look behind the headlines, and beyond the bright lights of the illuminations, to find the real story of our town.
It is alive with grassroots creativity and culture, has a thriving LGBTQ+ community, and a wealth of fascinating lives that could only have been lived in Blackpool.
It is a story of community resilience, and of people who, with very little themselves, are always willing to give to someone else who has less.
We have a wealth of community organisations and charities working hard to improve lives in Blackpool South.
For their dedication to the town, I would like to thank Counselling in the Community and its inspirational founder Stuart Hutton-Brown; Blackpool Food Bank; Fylde Coast Women’s Aid; Reclaim Blackpool; Skool of Street; Blackpool Street Angels;  Boathouse Youth; the Friends of Stanley Park; the St Peter’s Church soup kitchen; and many others too numerous to mention.
In closing, I would not be standing here today without the support of our good friend and my mentor, Tony Lloyd.
Tony was an incredible northern Labour parliamentarian who we sadly lost at the start of this year. “
For me, politics is all about people,” Tony once told me. “
It’s that sense of human solidarity that matters.
If it’s not about making people’s lives better, don’t be a politician.”
I am sad that he is not here to see me take my seat, but I will honour Tony’s memory by serving my constituents in the same way that he served his, with people at the heart of my politics.
I rise to speak briefly on sanctions, but before I do so, I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Blackpool South (Chris Webb)  on an excellent maiden speech.
It is my privilege to give my final speech on the back of such a brilliant first speech.
Although I am sure that those in Conservative central office will have other ideas, I hope it is the first of many speeches he gives in this House.
This place matters in terms of the way the UK competes with our adversaries and those who challenge us all around the world.
It is not just what the Government do through the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office, our embassies and other Departments.
It is important that Parliament shows its resolve.
As any colleague in the House who has had the pleasure of travelling to do the Government’s business overseas will know, we are routinely beaten up by Ministers in foreign countries for things that are said on these Benches.
Therefore, the resolve of the House to give resolute support to the Government of the day on our foreign policy is enormously important.