The Minister is right to take a pragmatic approach by providing some breathing space and capacity within the coronial system, so that many of the cases that need to move through the courts in a timely and compassionate way are able to do so.
As has been alluded to, there are, of course, many other issues that need to be addressed.
Unfortunately, due to the sudden end to this Parliament, the report that the Justice Committee was on the very cusp of producing for the Government will now be in the form of correspondence that has gone to the Department.
I hope that it will be looked at carefully in the next six weeks by Ministers, who will still be in post, as well as by officials, who, whatever hue the next Government happen to be, can put it straight on to the table of the next Minister—hopefully, it will still be my hon.
Friend sitting on the Front Bench—so that we do not lose any of the momentum that, hopefully, the report will be able to achieve.
I agree with what the hon.
Gentleman, my Select Committee colleague, has just said about the Chair of the Committee,  the hon.
and learned Member for Bromley and Chislehurst (Sir Robert Neill) .
Everyone knows that he is a good friend of mine.
We co-chair the all-party parliamentary group on miscarriages of justice, and he has been a brilliant champion against such miscarriages.
I hope that the hon.
Gentleman agrees that the hon.
and learned Member will be missed dreadfully by the House of Commons.
Indeed, what will the House do, with Bob and me both standing down?
The hon.
Gentleman, my friend, was my first Select Committee Chair back in 2008, when I joined the Children, Schools and Families Committee—a baptism of fire, as it turned out.
I have been fortunate enough to serve under a number of excellent Chairs over the years.
I wish him well in whatever comes next in the varied and colourful life that I am sure lies ahead of him.
Some of the detail behind this statutory instrument needs the continued attention of Ministers and the Ministry of Justice.
My hon.
and learned Friend the Member for Bromley and Chislehurst touched on the need to look at the potential unification of the service, the funding model, how it is resourced—we do not want to imperil the rule of law by making the service unworkable—potentially the need for an inspectorate so that we know how well the service is functioning and, as the Minister rightly said, ensuring that we put bereaved families at  the very heart of the process.
I hope that this measure will be part of enabling many of those changes to take hold in the ensuing years.
Mr Speaker, as you will know, this is my second  time around in Parliament—often called a retread, unfortunately—but, unlike Arnold Schwarzenegger, this time I will not be back.
This is the last time I will be standing up in this place, so I want to take the opportunity to thank you and all your team for your support and friendship over 14 out of the past 16 years.
I also thank my staff up in Cheshire, in Eddisbury, and in Crewe and Nantwich my previous seat: Roz, Dan, Lynn, Joel, Amy and quite a few others who came before them, including Sean, who has recently got on the candidates list and I suspect has a reasonable chance of finding a seat, as we still have about 100 or so that have yet to find a candidate.
If he is selected, I wish him and his campaign extremely well, as I do my own candidate successor, Aphra Brandreth, who will be standing in the new seat of Chester South and Eddisbury.
She is a first-class candidate.
I very much hope that she will be able to join colleagues here after the general election.
With characteristic modesty, my hon.