In 2022, about 1,300 Scottish limited partnerships were started, only four of which were started by Scots.
We have been campaigners on Scottish limited partnerships and have massive concerns still about the SLP regime and the fact it is used for money laundering in significant numbers.
Despite their being called Scottish limited partnerships, they are technically nothing to do with Scotland, which is why we need Westminster to take action.
It would be great if whoever is in the next Government could crack down on the abuses in SLPs.
We are pleased with some of the action taken on beneficial ownership but we do not think we are there yet.
We need to ensure that #the sanctions regimes and everything associated with them are applied appropriately.
If we do not know who actually owns something, it is very difficult to say that they cannot own it.
Progress is being made on the Companies House issues that we have mentioned before, but again, my hon.
Friend the Member for Glasgow Central would make it clear that things have not gone far or fast enough in the reform of Companies House.
Again, that is about transparency.
When the Minister was speaking, she very much stressed transparency in the sanctions regime, and I am pleased with any moves that improve transparency.
Clearly, we will not be opposing the SI today—I think it is a good thing—but there is still more to be done to ensure that sanctions regimes work appropriately, so that those people who should not be able to have directorships or ownership, or to money launder or make money through the UK, because we have designated them as responsible for or aiding war crimes or human rights abuses, cannot do so.
There is more to do to increase that transparency so that those people can be cracked down on.
Lastly on sanctions, we are still concerned that the UK Government have been too slow to increase the number of individuals who have been sanctioned.
Other  jurisdictions have significantly higher numbers of individuals who have been sanctioned, particularly from areas such as Russia.
I appreciate the number of statements that the UK Government have made and the number of actions they have taken, particularly around Ukraine and the hard work that has been done to support its people, which I know is appreciated by people in the Ukrainian Government.
However, I still think more could be done to ensure that this place is saying to Russia, “Your actions are inappropriate, and we are going to hit you where it hurts financially by increasing the number of individuals who are sanctioned—who are subject to those financial penalties and the inability to move money or have companies in these islands.”
I thank the Minister for bringing this SI forward today, and make clear that the SNP is absolutely supportive of it.
Following the election, we look forward to significantly more work being done to tighten those loopholes and increase the number of individuals who are subject to sanctions.
Question put and agreed to.
Resolved,
That the Sanctions (EU Exit) (Miscellaneous Amendments and Revocations) Regulations 2024 (SI, 2024, No.
643), dated  14 May , a copy of which was laid before this House on  15 May , be approved.
I beg to move,
That the draft Coroners (Suspension of Requirement for Jury at Inquest: Coronavirus) Regulations 2024, which were laid before this House on  2 May , be approved.
Before I address the purpose of the statutory instrument, I would also like to congratulate  the new hon.
Member for Blackpool South (Chris Webb)  on his maiden speech.
His efforts to avoid being the subject of a pub quiz, honourable though they are, may be slightly forlorn: I cannot recall too many occasions on which an hon.