They should be advised that their MPs voted against the super-sewer here in London, so they do not have a good record on the issue.
In my opinion, the EU directive was never fit for purpose, so while Ministers have repeatedly claimed that water quality is improving, it is simply not; it is the way that water quality is measured.
Such claims lead me to conclude that this is the same kind of behaviour by Ministers that was witnessed in the contaminated blood scandal.
Having been elected continuously for the last 22 years —for the last 14 as the Member of Parliament for Hendon—has taken a huge toll on me.
That is why I   have decided to step down, but I would not change it for a thing.
I am looking forward to Ameet Jogia, the Conservative candidate, taking forward what we have achieved.
He was not only born in the constituency but is a local candidate.
I have to thank my staff for the work that they have done over the last few years.
In this Parliament alone, they have undertaken 60,884 pieces of casework.
I have had a good staff who have remained friends, beginning with Laura Pike, Hannah Evans, Ness Hirst and Katherine Toone, and now with Eamonn Walsh, George Bose, Carolynne Fisher and Steve Martin, who volunteered, and Hilary Smith, who has been with me for the last 16 years.
They have really been true public servants.
As was said, they are the ones who ensure that the work is actually completed.
Of course, I cannot forget Maximus Decimus Meridius—my Jack Russell, Max—who still attends Parliament on occasions.
He has enabled me to concentrate on animal welfare issues.
So, in the spirit of a Roman language, I say: veni, vidi, vici.
Before we begin today’s business, I would like to pay tribute to Dame Eleanor Laing and Dame Rosie Winterton—[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.
”]—who have both indicated that they will not be seeking re-election to this House.
Dame Eleanor has been a Deputy Speaker for more than a decade and succeeded me as Chair of Ways and Means when I was elected Speaker.
Hon.
Members may not be aware that as well as her role presiding over the Chamber, that office comes with a wide range of other responsibilities, including convening the Panel of Chairs, responsibility for Westminster Hall, and all the other things that I delegate that I do not want. [
Laughter.]
Thank you, Eleanor, for doing all that and for the service you have given.
Dame Rosie became a Deputy Speaker in 2017 after serving as Opposition Chief Whip through the 2010 Parliament.
She has used her deep knowledge of the inner workings of this place to great effect in the Chair and has given us tip-offs when we needed them.
I should like to put on the record my personal gratitude and, I am sure, the gratitude of all Members to them both for their service to the House during their long and distinguished parliamentary careers.
I know we will keep in touch, but I cannot thank them enough for all the help and support that they have given me.
I personally thank you both for what you have done.
We have achieved a lot during a difficult time.
I will share one thing with the House.
The one thing I said I would never, ever get involved in was saying what women should wear in the Chamber—that was beyond me.
The dress tsar was Eleanor.
The rules were Eleanor’s and enforced by Eleanor.
I will never want to take up that role, so I can only thank her for choosing what women should wear.
Any complaints, address them to Eleanor!
I thank them both for what they have done.
Nigel, you will stay on, so we will say nothing about the other Deputy.
I just want to say—it is on the record—thank you both. [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”]