Friend  the Member for Maidenhead (Mrs May) , nodding.
I remember bouncing up to her in the Lobby many years ago, when she was Prime Minister, and saying, “Is it true that self-build housing was discussed at Cabinet this morning?”
She said, “Yes.”
I am sorry to report that there is still more to do.
I see  the hon.
Member for Manchester Central (Lucy Powell)  in her place.
I nearly succeeded in coaxing her into giving evidence for the report I did in 2021 for the then Prime Minister—it was several Prime Ministers ago; we have had quite a few.
There are some excellent recommendations in there, some of which have even been implemented.
I wrote to the current Housing Secretary on  11 March  with some detailed suggestions about how the recommendations might be implemented.
I will sit down in one or two minutes, but I must place on the record my huge gratitude to the Culture Secretary, my right hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for South East Cambridgeshire (Lucy Frazer) , who, when she was Housing Minister, allowed me to introduce her to one of the nation’s leading planning silks.
Silk to silk, they talked through the issues and the things I was proposing.
My right hon.
and learned Friend said to her officials, “What’s wrong with this?”
and they could not provide her with an answer, so that now sits on the statute book as section 123 of the Levelling-up and Regeneration Act 2023.
I hope that a future Government will do their best to implement it, and I shall certainly be encouraging them to do so.
In conclusion, I will just say this.
It has always been an article of faith to me that there is no “they”, just “us”.
If there are things we want to fix and change, it is we who have to do it.
As Karl Popper put it—I am not jealous of many things, but I am jealous of the right hon.
Member for Barking because she was at the London School of Economics when he was still teaching there:
“Progress depends on us, on our watchfulness and our efforts, on the clarity of our conception of our aims and on the reasonableness of their choice.
Instead of posing as prophets, we must be the makers of our fate.”
It is a great honour to be the last speaker on the Back Benches in this debate.
We have heard great emotion from many people, and I realise that it is such a wrench for many people to leave Parliament.
It has been an honour for all of us to serve, but particularly for me to serve as the Member of Parliament for Hendon.
I have been intimately involved in eight parliamentary elections in the past 28 years.
In many ways, in some seats, it is no great achievement for someone to be elected.
It is in the marginal seats that it is an achievement.
We are the ones that have changed Governments.
I thank my constituents in Hendon for electing me on four occasions.
At the last election, I received 26,878 votes, the highest number of Conservative votes in the constituency since 1935.
It sometimes irked me when I was first elected in 2010 that I had a majority of 106 and over 20,000 people had elected me, while there were others sitting on different Benches who had received fewer votes than me but had huge majorities.
That did not feel quite right.
Each and every Member present will claim that their constituency is different from everyone else’s, but Hendon—just like London—is very diverse.
As someone who was  born and grew up in the south of England and never saw a person of colour until the age of 12, being in Hendon did not come as a great shock to me, but it has taught me a huge amount.