I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Blackpool South (Chris Webb)  on his maiden speech.
Normally after a maiden speech, we stand up and say “I am sure the new Member will be a doughty campaigner for his constituents,” and I am sure he will for a week!
I wish him all the best and hope he is returned to this place.
I also send best wishes to his son and his wife Portia.
Being the spouse of a politician is probably the worst job in the world.
It is incredibly difficult and I cannot imagine the rollercoaster she has been on in the past few weeks, so I send my solidarity to her particularly as she is dealing with the joys and otherwise of having a very young child to look after.
I congratulate the hon.
Gentleman.
If you do not mind, Mr Speaker, I would like to offer some brief thank yous; I will probably be speaking on the tribunals measure later, but now would be a more appropriate time for this, given the mood of the House.
I thank a few of my colleagues who will no longer be in this place after the election.
First, I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Glasgow North (Patrick Grady) , who during my time as deputy leader was the Chief Whip of the SNP.
He was my confidante and my rock.
We had many late-night sessions planning parliamentary mischief, not least in advance of the SNP walk-out that I think a number of people will remember very well.
I appreciate everything he did for me during that time.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Glenrothes (Peter Grant) , who is probably not someone who will be remembered for setting the heather on fire in this place,  but he has done absolutely everything that has needed to be done and everything asked of him, he has dealt with some incredibly technical legislation and he has always been there with words of advice whenever they were needed.
I also thank my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Dundee East (Stewart Hosie) , who has been in this place for a long time; he will be stepping back from frontline politics but I am sure not from the SNP.
He has similarly been a huge source of advice and, although we have had some very good-natured disagreements, I have huge respect for everything he has done, particularly for the SNP as a whole, and I have no doubt he will carry on doing that.
On a very personal note, I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Paisley and Renfrewshire South (Mhairi Black) , who has been one of my closest friends in this place and whose departure I have not quite reconciled myself with and I am not sure I will ever get over.
I will miss her incredibly; I intend to come back to this place and she does not.
I will miss her a huge amount.
On this specific debate and the sanctions regime, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Glasgow Central (Alison Thewliss)  is not here today but has done a huge amount of work, as I am sure Members across the House will recognise, particularly on issues such as beneficial ownership and Scottish limited partnerships.
We have concerns  in relation to sanctions and this legislation represents  a good step in closing some of the loopholes that  friends and colleagues have been raising.
In 2022, about 1,300 Scottish limited partnerships were started, only four of which were started by Scots.
We have been campaigners on Scottish limited partnerships and have massive concerns still about the SLP regime and the fact it is used for money laundering in significant numbers.
Despite their being called Scottish limited partnerships, they are technically nothing to do with Scotland, which is why we need Westminster to take action.