Any extension is limited to two years, is subject to parliamentary approval, and must be justified by an assessment of the impacts on coroner services, were the provision to expire.
To evidence the need for extension of the provision, the Ministry of Justice asked all coroners in England and Wales to estimate their usage of the disapplication provision since June 2022 and to assess the impact on their case management if it is not extended.
The response rate was only around 11%, but even among that small number of coroners, it was estimated that this provision has removed the requirement for a jury in around 530 inquests over the past two years.
Without it, even that small sample would have increased the annual number of jury inquests across England and Wales—typically around 470—by about 50%.
About half the respondents predicted a significant impact for their case management if this provision is allowed to expire.
This is because, as the Liverpool and Wirral senior coroner put it,
“For each day of listing for an inquest without a jury, it takes a week’s listing with a jury”.
That wider context is important.
Parliament is concerned about the impact of inquest backlogs on the bereaved, as  the hon.
Member for Huddersfield (Mr Sheerman)  highlighted.
The extension of this measure for a further two years will support coroners in their continuing efforts to reduce those backlogs, thereby promoting the Government’s objective of putting the bereaved at the heart of the coronial process.
That should mean that, subject to any assessment closer to the time, I do not expect any future Justice Minister to need to seek Parliament’s agreement to a further extension from June 2026.
May I, too, put on record my thanks to you, Mr Speaker, and to the Deputy Speakers for looking after our interests during this Parliament?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend  the Member for Blackpool South (Chris Webb)  on his brilliant maiden speech.
We learned that his wife is called Portia.
That is quite appropriate as we are discussing a justice Bill, given that Portia gave one of the most famous speeches on justice in “The Merchant of Venice”:
“The quality of mercy is not strained;
It droppeth as the gentle rain from heaven
Upon the place beneath.
It is twice blessed;
It blesseth him that gives and him that takes”.
I am glad he aptly reminded us of his wife’s name during the course of his speech.
I congratulate him, and I am sure we will be seeing each other again soon—without being complacent in any way about the electorate.
We will not divide the House on this measure.
Given the state of the backlog impacting the coronial system, this is a sensible measure and the Opposition will not contest it today.
However, it is worth discussing very  briefly the reasons for the backlog and the Government’s complete inability to get a grip on any aspect of our justice system.
After 14 years of Conservative rule, we have significant and, in some cases, record high backlogs across the whole of the courts and tribunals system.
Victims and their families are waiting years for answers and for justice.
It has become the “Department of Justice Delayed”, and we all know what that means.
Labour will work at pace to tackle the backlogs that are grinding our justice system to a halt, and to restore public confidence in the justice system, but we do not seek to divide the House on this measure.
Mr Speaker, I hope to catch your eye later in today’s proceedings in order to thank you and others, but now I will confine my remarks to this measure and to congratulating  the hon.
Member for Blackpool South (Chris Webb) .
This is a sensible measure, and I am delighted to see my hon.
Friend the Minister, who is my constituency neighbour—at least for a couple more days—in his place on the Treasury Bench.