In 1945, a separate Blackpool South constituency was created; it became clear that it had an identity of its own.
It is home to the famous pleasure beach, Blackpool tower and three piers.
It has beaches with golden sands and, locals would argue, the best ice cream to be found anywhere at Notarianni’s, which has served tourists and locals since 1928.
I am a child of tourism, my mum having moved to Blackpool to become a redcoat in the 80s, but I am also a child of public service.
My dad was a Blackpool postie who wanted to help and support fellow workers in Royal Mail, and then those in BT and others throughout the Communication Workers Union.
Thanks to the last Labour Government, my mum was able to retrain for free and became an early years teaching assistant at my primary school—her dream job.
Before them, there was my paternal nan, Val Harman, a scout leader who dedicated her life to inspiring young people; my paternal grandfather, Brian Harman, who was a local independent councillor and who, at 83 years old, is still heavily involved in his local community centre in Burntwood; and my paternal grandfather, Dougie Webb, who served in world war two, fighting fascism in Europe and Africa, and who once guarded Winston Churchill at Chequers—all of them public servants.
While I was tracing my paternal grandmother’s history, I was amazed to find out how deep my family’s public service roots go.
I discovered that my 14th great-grandfather, Edmund Moody, saved the life of Henry VIII.
The King, out hunting with his hawk, tried to reach over a ditch with a pole, which broke.
Edmund, a footman of the King’s, leapt into the water and saved him from drowning.
Sadly, the £6 a year pension and the land that he received as a reward did not stretch far enough to  help his descendant, my nan Margaret Webb, who had a tough life growing up in Liverpool.
I was raised not on stories of brave footmen who saved kings, but on the stories of my nan and her sisters, who wore newspapers for shoes and battled TB during wartime without  an NHS.
Through grit, determination and the welfare reforms of a progressive Labour Government, my nan and granddad were able to move into one of the first council houses built in Blackpool in the ’50s, in Grange Park.
She went on to run a small business in Blackpool’s famous Abingdon Street market.
Having grown up without proper healthcare, she knew the value of our NHS and how vital it is that we protect it.
I will make it my mission in this place to do so in her memory.
Since the pandemic, Blackpool has seen record numbers of visitors rightly returning to our beloved seaside town, which has so much to offer, but while tourism recovery is central to our town’s future, it is time to focus on the recovery of our communities beyond the prom.
After years of austerity, and now during the cost of living crisis, all too often, the town that I am proud to call home is recognised as being at the sharp end of statistics for poverty, crime, mental ill health, low life expectancy and more.
I will work tirelessly for those communities—hopefully in the next Parliament, too—and I hope to prove that politics has the power to change people’s lives.
My heartfelt thanks go out to the people of Blackpool South, who put their trust in me on  2 May  and elected me as their Blackpool born and bred Member of Parliament.
My hometown’s motto is “Progress”.
The town that pioneered municipal street lighting, electric tramways and modern tourism for the working classes has continued to forge ahead, even with deep spending cuts.
Blackpool South now has a Labour MP.