I am confident that we can continue to work together so that victims have that consistency across both countries.
Lords amendment 46 is a technical amendment to move the clause on child victims of domestic abuse to the right part of the Bill.
We have accepted the principle of Lords amendment 32, which will place a duty on relevant authorities to co-operate with the Victims’ Commissioner when requested.
We heard the strength of feeling that a response to the Victims’ Commissioner, as they do their important work, should not be seen as a favour.
Instead, there should be clear and open co-operation as an integral part of enabling the independent scrutiny that victims deserve.
The Government’s amendment makes a few  minor changes.
First, it extends required co-operation further than to simply assist the commissioner in  monitoring compliance with the victims code.
Instead, it requires co-operation in relation to any of the Victims’ Commissioner functions, which include promoting the interests of victims and witnesses.
Secondly, it adds important safeguards to make clear that any co-operation must be not only practical but appropriate.
This protects against potential interference with activities that are rightly independent, such as the exercise of prosecutorial discretion.
Thirdly, it future-proofs the clause by putting this duty on the agencies that deliver services under the victims code, rather than including a specific list of bodies, which may become out of date.
Lords amendment 33 seeks to require training to be provided to those with obligations under the victims code.
Of course, agencies should and do have training in place to deliver the legislative duty to act in accordance with the code, but that training must be tailored to the specific function that each person is discharging, and agencies are best placed to do that.
We consider that in placing an additional burden on the Secretary of State to implement a strategy for training, this amendment would be costly and inefficient.
It would not be proper for an amendment from the Lords to place financial burdens on public authorities.
We also consider that the more effective approach, as has been committed by the Government in the other place, is to include a requirement for agencies to report on the adequacy of their co-training as part of evidence in delivery of code entitlements.
This gives us a route to identify and address ineffective training if it has led to non-compliance with the code.
Lords amendment 47 seeks to establish an immigration firewall and prevent the police from sharing with immigration enforcement data relating to immigration status.
We disagree with this amendment because it would be inappropriate to impose a blanket restriction on the use of personal data in the circumstances to which the amendment relates.
It would not prevent the perpetrator from informing immigration enforcement about the victim’s immigration status and would impact on the ability to investigate crimes and support victims.
Lords amendment 54 seeks to place a statutory duty of candour on all public authorities, public servants and officials after a major incident has been declared in writing by the Secretary of State.
The Government share the desire to see an end to unacceptable institutional defensiveness, but we cannot accept the amendment in the current form, because it would not sit neatly on top of the existing frameworks; it is not well suited to replace what already exists for major incidents and beyond; it does not take into account the nuances of different professions in the spheres of the public sector; and it could entail significant legal uncertainty.
This is a complex area, so we believe that it would be unwise to rush forward with an amendment, but we have tabled an amendment in lieu to require a statutory review to determine whether additional duties of transparency and candour should be imposed on public authorities and public servants in relation to major incidents.