We also support the prohibition of export from the UK of items critical to Russian weapon systems and military development, in addition to certain aerospace goods; the prohibition of Belarusian aluminium imports; and the ban on the provision of ancillary services.
Why has it taken so long to bring in those prohibition measures?
It seems unconscionable that well over two years since the onset of the war in Ukraine—do not forget that the House’s Belarusian concerns were raised before then—UK items that could be used in Russian weaponry are making their way via Belarus to the frontlines, potentially aiding and abetting Russia’s war effort against the people of Ukraine.
We understand that any sanctions regime is a work in progress, but we cannot continue to countenance UK exports filtering through to Putin and the cronies who facilitate his war machine, especially given the situation in and around Kharkiv at present.
I thank the Minister for setting out the measures, though, as I said, they could have come earlier.
I hope that she can provide clarity on the concerns that I raised.
Labour will continue to support further expansion of our sanctions regime, but it is becoming ever clearer that the actions that we take today will have lasting ramifications.
In devising such actions in the next Parliament, we will strive to be even bolder, swifter and more ambitious.
We come to a maiden speech.
I call Chris Webb.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
When it was announced that I was the winner of the Blackpool South by-election at 5.15 am on  3 May , I called on the Prime Minister to hold a  general election and give the rest of the country the same chance that my constituents had to vote for change and elect a new Labour Government.
I thank the Prime Minister for taking me up on that, although I had not expected to be back out on the campaign trail quite so soon.
I ask the whole House to join me in showing solidarity with my amazing—and now long-suffering—wife Portia, who has been at my side throughout with our amazing three-month-old son Cillian, who has brought so much joy and laughter to our lives.
Mr Speaker, I am grateful for this opportunity to stand before you, at short notice.
It was the last opportunity to do so before a general election; had I not taken it, I risked a lifetime of being an answer to an obscure pub quiz question.
I relish getting back on the doorsteps and speaking with fellow residents.
I thank my predecessor Scott Benton and his staff for all their work and support of local residents.
I also thank Gordon Marsden for his personal support and tireless work in Blackpool South during his 22 years of service.
Gordon is still fondly remembered and recognised for his huge contribution to my constituency and his pursuit of everyone having access to lifelong learning.
I would not be here today without two teachers who inspired and supported me as a young student with undiagnosed dyslexia.
They helped me get to Hull University and on the road to this Chamber.
Stephen Conway and Ken Winstanley, I thank you.
I would also like to pay special tribute to Anne Hoyer, a Labour giant on the Fylde coast who we sadly lost last week.
The first Blackpool constituency was created in 1885, a decade after the opening of the railway began to bring an influx of visitors to our town.
In 1945, a separate Blackpool South constituency was created; it became clear that it had an identity of its own.
It is home to the famous pleasure beach, Blackpool tower and three piers.
It has beaches with golden sands and, locals would argue, the best ice cream to be found anywhere at Notarianni’s, which has served tourists and locals since 1928.