We believe that sanctions across the piece have taken some £400 billion out of his capabilities.
It is a continuum, and today’s legislation continues that.
She is absolutely right.
The sanctions will continue to be tools that help us in many ways to keep ahead of those who wish us harm and who wish to support Putin in his illegal war in Ukraine, and to continue to hunt them down and to restrict their capacity.
The Minister and I have worked on various things over the years.
Those of us in all parties who are passionate about sanctions are still extremely worried about certain significant people in this country.
A recent article in The Times suggested that a hereditary peer in the House of Lords is a main channel of Russian money helping certain political factions not only in this country but in the United States.
Is it not about time that we did something about the upper House, which seems to have a small group of pro-Putin Members?
The hon.
Gentleman has, as he says, been an incredible champion and supporter of all the work we have been doing cross-party to keep ahead of the sanctions.
I know it is frustrating, but as I always say, people should pass evidence of any sort about individuals they consider are supportive of or enabling Putin, his regime or any military activity to the teams in the FCDO, which look day in, day out at being able to bring forward a package of evidence that would withstand judicial review.
We stand ready.
I will never comment on what we are taking in and what might come next, but the teams are working flat out to look at the evidence wherever they can.
That is a continuum.
I say that not only to Members of this House but more widely to those out on the frontline or working with businesses; where they see areas in which they believe that is happening, they should bring the information  to us.
Will the Minister accept some evidence I have about the Earl of Oxford and Asquith that I think should be urgently considered by all of us careful and worried about sanctions?
If the hon.
Gentleman would like to write to me later today, I will make sure that the team looks at the information as soon as possible.
Order.
I know it is the final day for  the hon.
Member for Huddersfield (Mr Sheerman) , but we still have rules in this House about being critical of Members of another House.
Could he still use that caution, even on his last day in the House?
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
This legislation is needed to clarify the sanction measures for which HMRC is solely responsible for enforcing on those it would investigate on referral from OTSI.
It will therefore establish a consistent approach to the enforcement of trade sanctions.
It will facilitate HMRC and OTSI working in close partnership so that they can robustly enforce all trade sanctions against Russia and other target countries using civil and criminal powers.
On the financial sanctions side, the statutory instrument also includes new obligations for persons designated under the Belarus regime to report any assets they own, hold or control in the UK or worldwide as a UK person to the relevant authorities.
The measure is another step in improving the transparency of assets owned, held or controlled in the UK by designated persons and will strengthen the ability of HM Treasury’s Office of Financial Sanctions Implementation—OFSI—to implement and enforce UK financial sanctions.
Importantly, the measure will act as a dual verification by enabling the comparison of disclosures by designated persons against existing reporting requirements that bite on firms such as financial institutions.
Under the new requirement, the Government will be able to penalise those who make deliberate attempts to conceal assets to escape the effects of sanctions.