It is simply impossible to recognise a state that has never existed in any meaningful form, so what exactly are those countries recognising?
I gently say to the premiers of Spain and Ireland that they have never particularly recognised their minority communities.
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Maidenhead (Mrs May)  said that you should never ask a question in this place if you do not know the answer.
There was an occasion when I asked the former Prime Minister—now Lord Cameron—if he would visit Israel.
I have to say that one of the best experiences of being in Parliament was the moment when I visited Lord Cameron in his suite at the King David hotel.
We walked past the guys with machine guns guarding him, and we sat and drank whisky with him.
I have to say that it was not that different from sitting on the throne in Saddam Hussein’s palace in Baghdad—of course, without Saddam Hussein, and with whisky.
We have lived through an extraordinary period in this Parliament.
People often ask me, “What is the best part of being an MP?”
I find that easy to answer: it is the people, particularly the constituents.
The stories that they tell are sometimes heart-wrenching, often annoying, regularly amusing and always interesting.
I have had great people working with me in the constituency—some political, some not.
I particularly think of people like Val Duschinsky and Hugh Rayner, who work with me in the Hendon association, as well as Rabbi Ginsbury, Simon Rea and Mushtaq Rehman, the respective leaders of their religious communities.
Activists such as Rupa Monerawela, Richard Nash and Manubhai Makwana have been a great support to me.
There are also individuals such as Ari Leaman, who has done so much for the teenage community, and Lorraine Bushell for the Grandparents’ Association.
I am asked what is the biggest mistake that I have ever made as a Member of Parliament.
That is easy to answer: it was on the military action in Libya, when I walked past my hon.
Friend  the Member for Basildon and Billericay (Mr Baron)  and thought, “How’s he going to explain why he’s voting against this?”
But we not only created a failed state, but significantly contributed to the current immigration and asylum crisis.
That was my biggest mistake, and I bitterly regret it.
The right hon.
Member for Barking (Dame Margaret Hodge)  said that being an MP is not what it used to be, and she is correct.
Several years ago I was on a boat and the skipper said, “What was it you said that you did for a living?”
I said, “I didn’t.”
Before long, one of the other crew said, “Well, it can’t be as bad as being a Member of Parliament.”
It is still vital to be a Member of Parliament; those who come after us will recognise that.
I leave on one note that I am particularly sad about.
For 30 years, I have complained about sewage in our rivers and our seas.
Not much has changed over the last 30 years; all that has changed is that the Government have implemented a scheme for monitoring the amount of sewage that goes into our rivers and our seas.
The Lib Dems are making this a central plank of their election campaign.
They should be advised that their MPs voted against the super-sewer here in London, so they do not have a good record on the issue.
In my opinion, the EU directive was never fit for purpose, so while Ministers have repeatedly claimed that water quality is improving, it is simply not; it is the way that water quality is measured.
Such claims lead me to conclude that this is the same kind of behaviour by Ministers that was witnessed in the contaminated blood scandal.