That did not feel quite right.
Each and every Member present will claim that their constituency is different from everyone else’s, but Hendon—just like London—is very diverse.
As someone who was  born and grew up in the south of England and never saw a person of colour until the age of 12, being in Hendon did not come as a great shock to me, but it has taught me a huge amount.
I have a large Jewish constituency, a large Muslim constituency, Hindus, the largest Chinese community outside of Soho and Manchester, and the largest Iranian community in the whole country.
There are many issues that connect those different religious groups, which I have always campaigned on, but there has also been a huge amount of diversity in the local economy.
We have seen huge development, meaning that the boundary changes that have been applied will make a difference.
Under the previous Conservative council, when I was a councillor, we introduced development that created the Stonegrove estate, the Grahame Park estate, Beaufort Park, West Hendon, Upper Fosters and the Peel Centre.
All made homes for people in their local area, and we should be very grateful for that.
As I said, I have worked on issues that have brought communities together, but the reason why I have focused on the Jewish community is that they are a small number in this country—about 300,000.
The number of Muslims in this country is more like 6 million, and their voices will be heard by the different Members of Parliament in this place.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Brigg and Goole (Andrew Percy)  raised issues of concern to many of my constituents—issues about antisemitism and education—but I am pleased that this week, Lord Pickles published his report of the Alderney expert review, laying to rest the issue of a concentration camp on British soil during the second world war.
My hon.
Friend the Member for Brigg and Goole has seen other things as well.
A particular issue of concern to my constituents is that of Israel, which is understandable.
My hon.
Friend and I visited Israel a few weeks after the  7 October  attacks.
We visited Kfar Aza, and I only wish that each and every Member here in Parliament could experience what we did.
I have not said this before, but my hon.
Friend said to me that he could not take pictures during that day, and I told him that we must.
Just as Bert Hardy and other photographers went into Bergen-Belsen and the other concentration camps, I said, “We have to go there and take pictures, so that the world knows this really did happen.”
We have had people saying that it did not happen, but I can assure you, Madam Deputy Speaker, that it did.
I would be one of those hawkish Members who wants to see the issue in Gaza resolved, but I do not believe a ceasefire now would achieve that.
I do not want to see any deaths on any side, but when Members said recently in a debate that there had been 30,000 civilian deaths, I tried to challenge that.
We do not know how many of those people are civilians and how many are Hamas fighters—the Foreign Office said that it has not made a prediction of that number—but we do know that 80% of people in Gaza support Hamas, and Hamas has got to be removed.
The decision of Ireland, Norway and Spain this week to recognise an independent Palestinian state is not only wrong, but allows the conclusion to emerge that terrorism works, and we cannot allow that.
It is simply impossible to recognise a state that has never existed in any meaningful form, so what exactly are those countries recognising?
I gently say to the premiers of Spain and Ireland that they have never particularly recognised their minority communities.
My right hon.