My parents John and Pat were at the counts, sharing my excitement when I was first elected to this place.
I thank my amazing wife Helen and our three children, every one unique and talented and very different.
For Allegra, Leila and Peter, their whole lives, almost, have been spent with me coming to this place and with weekends being taken up with constituents—I could not have done it without them.
It has been a pleasure and an honour to serve the country as well as my constituents, which I could not have done had it not been for the people of Tunbridge Wells returning me to this place.
I am the son of a milkman from Middlesborough.
I am the first person in any generation of my family to have been educated beyond the age of 16.
To have been able to do what I have done in this place and in government is entirely down to the people of Tunbridge Wells, so I express my gratitude to them for returning me to this place.
There are 650 constituencies in this country, but I defer to  the words of H. G. Wells, who when he contemplated Tunbridge Wells said:
“Tunbridge Wells is Tunbridge Wells, and there is really nothing like it upon our planet.”
I call Richard Bacon.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, and thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, as you slide gracefully into the Chair.
I am pleased to see you there too.
Before you disappear, Mr Speaker, I thank you for everything you have done.
You have been a tremendous Speaker during my time here and, like many others, I am very grateful to you.
I hope we see each other again before too long.
Madam Deputy Speaker, it is an enormous pleasure to serve under your chairmanship.
I know that I cannot now say Madam Chairman, as I know you would have liked me to yesterday, but we like to do things properly in this House.
If I say “you”, I will be referring to you, and not anybody else.
I would like to thank my South Norfolk constituents for sending me here at six successive general elections.
I want to thank my private secretary and office manager Tracy Reeve for 27 years of outstanding service, both to me and my South Norfolk constituents for all of my 23 years as an MP and for some four years before that as private secretary to my predecessor John MacGregor, now Lord MacGregor of Pulham Market.
You know him well, Madam Deputy Speaker, as you served as his special adviser many years ago, before either of us was in this House.
You know Tracy Reeve, my private secretary for many years after Lord MacGregor left the Commons, and you know my constituency of South Norfolk very well too, so it is a great pleasure to finish this debate with you in the Chair.
Nothing I have done in the last   23 years for my South Norfolk constituents would have been possible without Tracy Reeve, and I am enormously grateful for her service.
This morning I was lying in bed with my wife Catherine and my dog Beaufort, who had made himself comfortable using the well-known “commando crawl through a non-existent space” technique for which spaniels are famous—by the way, my wife will get very cross if I do not mention her dog Calouste.
As I was lying there patting his head and thinking of what I wanted to say, I was reminded about a story I heard from a colleague in the Tea Room the other day.
As a Conservative Member of Parliament, she had attended the Conservative candidates’ weekend selection process, and she said that she had heard one of the would-be candidates opine that there was no point in becoming an MP unless one became a Minister.