Lady has done is the need to listen to those affected, and that is what Sir Robert will be doing.
I do not want to pre-empt that from the Dispatch Box.
rose—
I suspect that the right hon.
Lady will want to enlarge on the point in her speech, but of course I will let her come back now.
I am grateful.
I just gently point out to the Minister that Sir Brian Langstaff told the Government in April 2023—over a year ago—to get on and make these payments.
I have to say that work could have been undertaken in that period to get to the point where payments could be made quickly, and it is very regrettable that that has not happened.
I entirely note, and the House and country will have heard, the points made by the right hon.
Lady.
She participated in the statement by the Prime Minister and the subsequent statement by the Minister for the Cabinet Office, which set out the work that he has undertaken at pace to make things move forward.
What we see in this Bill is a hugely important step forward, and I look forward to Robert Francis working at pace to ensure that the views of those affected are genuinely reflected in the detailed answers to the questions that the right hon.
Lady has posed.
The Government amendments demonstrate our absolute commitment to delivering long-overdue justice to the victims.
Too many people, whether they are infected or affected, have seen their life chances taken away, watched loved ones die needlessly, and endured the most terrible stigma, none of which should ever have happened.
I can only hope that, with the inquiry’s report published and with our firm commitment to compensate those touched by the scandal, the infected blood community know that their cries for justice have finally been heard.
As I have said, a lot of that is a tribute to the right hon.
Lady’s work.
The Government have also tabled amendments to make reforms to provisions on those serving imprisonment and detention sentences for public protection.
We will be further reducing the qualifying period to two years for those who were convicted when aged under 18.
We will also allow the Secretary of State to have discretion to decide that recall should have no effect on the two-year automatic licence determination period, as well as requiring that an annual report be laid before Parliament on the support for those serving these sentences.
I am grateful to Members of both Houses for the constructive way in which they have engaged with the Bill, and I am delighted that we will be able to complete its passage ahead of Prorogation.
I will set out the detail of the motions that we are bringing forward today in response to those outstanding issues.
In respect of Lords amendment 35, we are seeking to amend the measure on the issuing of guidance about victim support roles in clause 18.
Victim support roles operate across different settings, some of which are  devolved.
The Senedd did not grant legislative consent for this measure as previously drafted.
I am therefore tabling an amendment so that the duty to issue guidance applies to England and reserved matters in Wales only.
I have consequently removed the requirement to consult Welsh Ministers on any guidance issues.
I am grateful for the constructive discussions that have taken place in relation to the important principles that sit behind this clause, which aim to improve the consistency of support services provided to victims.
I am confident that we can continue to work together so that victims have that consistency across both countries.
Lords amendment 46 is a technical amendment to move the clause on child victims of domestic abuse to the right part of the Bill.
We have accepted the principle of Lords amendment 32, which will place a duty on relevant authorities to co-operate with the Victims’ Commissioner when requested.