I just want to say—it is on the record—thank you both. [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”]
Do enjoy your further careers—I am sure you will—and let us hope you are not too far away in the future.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Well, I am not sure we should take one, but I have to give in to Dr Thérèse Coffey.
I want to thank you, Mr Speaker, for all that you have done in this Parliament.
It has been an extraordinary one, given the situation we went through with covid.
The way this Parliament continued to function was truly innovative, recognising the challenges of the time.
Many people are standing down.
I am not one of them, Mr Speaker—I hope to be re-elected to this House— but I am conscious that today is the opportunity for valedictory messages.
The point of order that I am really trying to make is to understand how today’s final debate will work.
I hope that there will be an opportunity for everybody to speak, with priority given to those making valedictory speeches, but that there will be a chance, too, for constituency MPs who want to raise issues.
I would be grateful for your guidance on when the debate is likely to start and finish.
I wish I could give an answer to that.
Unfortunately, I am not in control of the Lords.
Maybe it would be helpful if this House was. [
Laughter.]
As information comes through in real time, we will update the House.
We have some things to get through.
You are absolutely right that preference will be given to those Members who are standing down.
I think we will have more time than we would expect.
It does not look like an early finish for Members today.
Who knows, but I think we could be running until after 6 pm, so there will be time, but, as I say, I will give preference to those who are stepping down.
Let me say to those Members who are stepping down: thank you for being part of this Parliament.
Thank you for what you have done.
We are going to lose some good friends.
On both sides of the House, experience is leaving, and that is sad for all of us, but I wish you well in the next part of your careers.
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No.
57 )
Bob Seely presented a Bill to establish a regulator of ferry services operating in the Solent; to make provision about the powers and duties of that regulator; and for connected purposes.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 5 July , and to be printed (Bill 231).
I beg to move,
That the Sanctions (EU Exit) (Miscellaneous Amendments and Revocations) Regulations 2024 (SI, 2024, No.
643), dated  14 May , a copy of which was laid before this House on  15 May , be approved.
In recent years, the UK has transformed its use of sanctions.
We have deployed sanctions in innovative and impactful ways, including in our response to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine.
We have taken a rigorous approach, carefully targeted to deter and disrupt malign behaviour, and to demonstrate our defence of international norms.
This statutory instrument covers several measures that will strengthen our sanctions regimes across the board and allow us to continue the work already being implemented across Government.
I will run through each measure in turn.
First, in October 2023 the Government added a new type of sanction, the director disqualification sanctions, to the Sanctions and Anti-Money Laundering Act 2018.
This instrument uses that power to amend the UK’s autonomous sanctions regimes, which will mean that the Government can apply it to individuals designated under these regimes.