But it could just as well have been…those others”.
We all know this.
It is a phenomenon that Tim Slessor, in his book, “Ministries of Deception”—which I am quoting from here—refers to as “the Whitehall Loop”.
“At its simplest, this is the closed circuit procedure where, in reply to questions asked of a government department or minister, the answers are put together by the very same civil servants whose earlier judgement is both the subject and the cause of the inquiry in the first place.”
I remember bumping into Simon Burns, who was, at the time, the Health Minister responsible for the national programme for IT in the health service—the NPfIT, as it was called.
There were at least eight other Ministers during that period; I tracked it closely from 2002 to 2011.
I would not recommend that anyone read it unless they have a particularly masochistic disposition, but in the book that I wrote about Government, I devoted an entire chapter to the NPfIT, where I lovingly detailed the many ways in which what was then called “Connecting for Health” managed to conceal information about how badly things were going.
One day, Simon Burns came up to me in the Tea Room and said, “Richard, I am sick and tired of being told things by you, and then finding out six months later that they are true.”
The truth is that, whether it is on the Child Support Agency, the Criminal Records Bureau, the tax credit scandal, the Rural Payments Agency scandal—which has led some farmers, sadly, to commit suicide—the Student Loans Company, or the recruitment of junior doctors, or many, many other things, it is our constituents who, through us as their Members of Parliament, keep Government honest.
They so often know far more about how Government is actually working than the Government themselves do.
That is why we need Members of Parliament who see their chief job as representing and protecting their constituents, and as requiring the Government of the day, of whichever political complexion, to justify themselves and to keep explaining their actions.
I am delighted to see my friend  the right hon.
Member for Barking (Dame Margaret Hodge)  back in her place.
Of the various things I have done in the 23 years I have been here, I have not found any more consequential—or more fun—than the work we did together when I was her deputy Chairman on the Public Accounts Committee, between 2010 and 2015.
She performed an extraordinary service and, by the way, wrote a great book about it, “Called to Account”, which hon.
Members may wish to read.
It says next in my notes, “Dame Eleanor said,” but that is because when I wrote them you were not in your seat, Madam Deputy Speaker.
As you yourself said yesterday, MPs of all parties are the people who do not just shout at the television but
“get up and do something about it.
”—[Official Report,  23 May 2024 ; Vol.
750, c. 1104.]
It is an honourable estate; it is an honourable calling.
It is one of the most important things we can do.
It is worth devoting oneself to, to the point of exhaustion, in order to keep our people free and to keep our Governments honest.
It says here “self-commissioned housing”, so I suppose I had better say a word about that before I conclude.
It is well known that for the past 10 years or so, since I steered through the Self-build and Custom Housebuilding Act 2015, I have worked very hard to try to implement that.
I see the former Prime Minister, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Maidenhead (Mrs May) , nodding.
I remember bouncing up to her in the Lobby many years ago, when she was Prime Minister, and saying, “Is it true that self-build housing was discussed at Cabinet this morning?”
She said, “Yes.”