She is a first-class candidate.
I very much hope that she will be able to join colleagues here after the general election.
With characteristic modesty, my hon.
Friend has not mentioned his own very significant contribution on the Justice Committee and as a Minister, and the contribution that he and his family have made to the justice system.
Everybody knows the work that he, his brother and his father do to deal compassionately and humanely with those who go through prison.
They and he are absolute role models.
I am deeply grateful to him for his friendship and support, and we wish him all the very best for the future.
I am extremely grateful to my hon.
and learned Friend.
I probably ought now to declare my interests, which are on the register, not least my brother’s chairmanship of the Prison Reform Trust.
They are there for all to see.
It is true that there is clearly a gene in the Timpson family that makes us want to reach out beyond our own family to help others, whether that is through fostering or helping ex-offenders into work.
That is something that, beyond Parliament, I want to continue to do.
Finally, I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Blackpool South (Chris Webb)  on an excellent maiden speech.
It took me back to mine in 2008, a nerve-racking moment, but he delivered his superbly.
I wish him and his family all the very best.
I had a very young child when I first came into Parliament, and actually I had another young child when I came into Parliament again—it is obviously a route to success in this place.
I want to thank my own family: my late mother Alex and my father John, for all the inspiration and guidance that they have given me, my wife Julia, and my four children, Sam, Elizabeth, Lydia and Nell.
I hope that they will see a bit more of me now, and I hope that is the right thing to do.
Question put and agreed to.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
I wish to raise the statement that the Prime Minister made to Figen Murray, the mother of Martyn Hett, who was murdered in the Manchester Arena bombings.
She had walked 200 miles from Manchester to London to mark the  seventh anniversary this week of that terror atrocity.
The Prime Minister rightly met Figen, at 1 o’clock on Wednesday this week.
As you know, Mr Speaker, Figen has been campaigning for Martyn’s law for several years, and in fact she gave evidence to the Home Affairs Committee during our pre-legislative scrutiny of the draft Terrorism (Protection of Premises) Bill.
We published our pre-legislative scrutiny report in July 2023, and we have not had a response from the Government despite there usually being a requirement for a response within two months.
The Prime Minister told Figen at lunchtime on Wednesday that the Bill would be rushed through Parliament before the summer recess—that was at 1 pm, as I understand it.
Have you had any explanation, Mr Speaker, from the Prime Minister about why he would say that when four hours later he called the general election—clearly, no Bill could be rushed through before the summer recess—and about the fact that he misled Figen Murray?
First, we must be careful in the language that we use.
I have no knowledge or information about what conversation took place.
I will not speculate on what happened, and I know that the right hon.
Lady would not expect me to speculate.
However, she has put it on the record, and I think we will leave at that for now.
I will now suspend the House.
The Division bells will ring to warn Members five minutes before the House returns.
Sitting suspended.
On resuming—
King’s recommendation signified.
Motion made, and Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No.