Medway has a proud tradition with its former dockyard in Chatham.
Last week, I visited the BAE Systems aviation centre in Rochester in my constituency to see its graduates and apprentices.
What more can be done to support graduates and apprentices in defence?
Will the Minister take the opportunity to visit the BAE Systems site to look at that work in person?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question and for championing the BAE site in Rochester.
We want more defence companies to invest more in skills.
In the defence industrial strategy we are publishing today, we will not only make further investments in defence technical education colleges—with £182 million to deliver that—but provide additional support for school-based activities and university partnerships.
I would be very happy to come to Rochester to see for myself the amazing work of the apprentices.
Shortly before recess, I visited a small precision engineering firm that is involved in tooling in the defence industry.
It shared the challenges it faces in looking at defence contracts and explained that there seems to be no priority for UK businesses, unlike in France where French businesses are prioritised.
I am sure the Minister agrees that defence investment boosts growth across our constituencies.
Will he meet me and the business to understand how we can boost British businesses in that sector?
To a Minister just promoted by the son of a toolmaker in the reshuffle, tooling is a very appropriate question.
We are targeting more of the increased defence budget at British companies, in particular small and medium-sized enterprises, with the development of the new defence SME hub, which will allow more SMEs to access the defence contracts we are providing as part of our growing renewal of our armed forces.
I would be very happy to meet the hon.
Lady to discuss her constituency business.
I thank the Minister, who is a regular visitor to Northern Ireland, for his answers.
Thales has received significant contract work from the Ministry of Defence, with 200 jobs coming out of that, and Spirit AeroSystems has also achieved some  of that, with extra jobs, but many other defence companies could also take advantage.
Will the Minister confirm that those other companies will have the same opportunities?
I am very happy to say that we are seeking growth in defence businesses in every part of the United Kingdom.
When we launch the defence industrial strategy very shortly, I hope the hon.
Gentleman will be able to see one of the new defence growth zones in Northern Ireland providing opportunities for young people to start new good careers in defence.
Also, companies that might not think of themselves as defence companies at the moment will be able not just to sell to UK armed forces, but to take export opportunities selling to our allies around the world.
When he plans to publish the defence investment plan.
The strategic defence review sets out the Government’s vision for the future of defence to make Britain safer, secure at home and strong abroad.
This is backed up by the Government’s historic defence investment of 2.6% on defence spending from 2027.
As part of the SDR implementation, we are developing a 10-year defence investment plan which will be published this autumn.
On Friday, I visited Paragraf, a local business in my constituency.
Founded by Simon Thomas, it is a hugely successful spin-out from Cambridge University, developing and manufacturing next generation electronic devices using graphene.
These products provide solutions in a range of industries, from quantum computing to diagnostics.
As one can imagine with a world-leading technology, there is a huge array of potential military applications.
Indeed, the company has already been contacted by our NATO allies.