The Government will of course consider any recommendations that he seeks to make.
I have advised the hon.
Lady previously to get in touch with him; I think that she has and I know that she will want to look very carefully at what he says.
Those arrested were merely holding signs, wearing T-shirts and displaying general support for a group that does not come close to the loosest definition of terrorism.
Meanwhile, political pundits and columnists seem free to discuss Palestine Action without fear of criminal prosecution.
I do not think that anyone should face arrest for doing that, but it does not seem fair that people can get away with it as long as they are doing it in front of a TV camera.
Will the Minister explain how the law is being applied, whether it is being applied fairly and where people are allowed to show support for Palestine Action?
It is clear that some people are being allowed to do it, but others are not.
My hon.
Friend has a long-standing interest in and concern about these matters.
I give her an absolute assurance that the law is being applied fairly.
I say to her—I know that she will agree with this—that nobody is above the law.
It is important to think about how we collectively seek to respond to those who behave in a similar way but underpinned by very different causes, such as extreme Islamist terrorism or an extreme right-wing ideology.
If people were demonstrating on behalf of those organisations in the same way that we have seen people demonstrating in support of Palestine Action, I think people would absolutely want the police to act in the way that they saw them act over the weekend.
I say again: the law is being applied fairly; nobody is above the law; and the police need to be able to ensure that they are able to enforce it without fear or favour, and that is what I think they did over the weekend.
I call the Chair of the Home Affairs Committee.
The burden of policing these protests is falling on certain forces more than others.
That was also the case during the disorder last summer.
Can the Minister give some reassurance that the Home Office is providing the support that is needed to those forces to ensure that they can manage the protests and so that their doing so does not distract from day-to-day policing?
The Chair of the Select Committee makes an important point.
Yes, I can give her the assurances that she seeks.
The right hon.
Lady is right that recent activity has provided particular burdens on particular forces.
The Home Secretary and I, and of course the Policing Minister and colleagues right across Government, work very closely with the police and we will ensure that they have the necessary resources for the important job that they have to do.
Last August, a police officer was hospitalised after being hit with a sledgehammer while responding to a Palestine Action attack on a business near Bristol—a fact that was absent from our debate when we voted to proscribe that organisation recently.
The attackers had sledgehammers, axes, whips and other home-made weapons.
Does the Minister agree that that crosses the line of any legitimate protest—into terrorism?
Yes, I would.
The Minister has said that no one is above the law and that violence is never the answer.
I agree with him and I know that he believes that the law should be wielded with integrity, so when are we going to see the proscription of violent settler groups in the west bank, many of whom are perpetrating a reign of terror on innocent Palestinians in that part of the world but who may be garnering support and raising funds in the United Kingdom?
The right hon.