The Metropolitan police has confirmed that a total of 890 arrests were made at a demonstration in central London on Saturday.
Most of those were under section 13 of the Terrorism Act 2000 for displaying articles in support of Palestine Action.
Thirty-three people were arrested for other offences, including 17 assaults on police officers.
As the Metropolitan police has pointed out, that was in stark contrast to the 20,000 people who peacefully marched and attended the Palestine Solidarity Campaign demonstration.
Demonstrations of this scale require a significant policing response.
The new Home Secretary joined the Commissioner of the Metropolitan police on Saturday to observe the force’s operations and express her backing for the officers working tirelessly to enforce our laws and to maintain order.
The fact that some officers were subjected to violence and abuse is utterly shameful.
It is completely understandable that people rightly feel very strongly about the situation in Gaza.
But supporting or being a member of a proscribed terrorist organisation is a criminal offence and will never be acceptable, regardless of the wider context.
We all want the suffering in Gaza to end and the remaining hostages to be returned.
We all want to see peace.
I say to the House that we must keep our focus squarely on achieving those aims and not on one harmful group that refuses to abide by our laws and threatens our public safety.
Order.
I do not know who is doing the speeches, but I am going to crack down on Ministers and shadow Ministers if they do not keep to three minutes.
I have to get Back Benchers in.
Does the Minister agree to stick to the time in the future?
indicated assent.
Thank you—I am glad that there is some acknowledgment.
Nearly 1,500 people have now been arrested because of concerns about proscription.
There is clearly a problem with violence and intimidation in our politics, and we have to get this right because public confidence is falling, too.
I am not here as a supporter or defender of Palestine Action and its tactics.
I condemn without hesitation abuse, intimidation and attacks on the police and any political opponent.
The case for acting on the group itself was and is strong.
We have seen a pattern of violence at its events, and it has not dissociated itself from that violence.
But we also see police and refugees being targeted for violence alongside those who want to protest about immigration matters—banners that say, “Kill ‘em all, let God sort ‘em out!”,
neo-Nazi groups circling.
We cannot ignore the impact on policing on our streets because of these incidents, but this is just not sustainable for our police or our criminal justice system.
There is a difference between people protesting using violence and people protesting the use of proscription.
If we do not get the response right, if we continue to arrest those in that secondary category, the seriousness of the term “terrorism” risks losing its meaning and becoming diluted rather than strengthened.
Proscription was supposed to be about stopping those inciting direct harm and violence.
Going after somebody with a poster testing the boundaries of liberty—many of whom are clear that they do not support Palestine Action, but feel strongly about Palestinian rights or free speech—confuses rather than clarifies the Government’s intention.
People must be able to protest what is happening in Gaza, and the focus should be on what is happening in Palestine, not Parliament Square.
I asked for this urgent question because I think it is for us to act.
Legislation on public order focuses on specific Acts; proscription orders target specific terrorist groups.
Nothing sits in between.
Given that, what discussions has the Minister had with the police about distinguishing between members of Palestine Action and people concerned about proscription itself? [
Interruption.]
The offence of recklessly encouraging support of a proscribed group runs counter to that focus on criminality.