Given that, what discussions has the Minister had with the police about distinguishing between members of Palestine Action and people concerned about proscription itself? [
Interruption.]
The offence of recklessly encouraging support of a proscribed group runs counter to that focus on criminality.
If he will not abolish that offence, will he at least set out guidance to the Crown Prosecution Service and the police on any public interest test in using it?
The previous Policing Minister—
Order.
This is what happens.
I granted the urgent question because I thought it was important to hear you, and you were advised that it was two minutes.
I think you have now finished or are about to.
I do apologise, Mr Speaker.
I was advised that it was three minutes, but that is my fault.
Terrorism is different from terrorising opponents, but both should be criminal offences.
Will the Minister commit to a review of that section so that we can get it right for the sake of our democracy?
Order.
I believe the advice was corrected to two minutes. [
Interruption.]
That is correct.
I do not want my department to be blamed.
I am genuinely grateful to my hon.
Friend for bringing these issues to the House.
They are important, and it is right that Ministers are held accountable for them.
I am sure that the whole House will agree with my hon.
Friend’s remarks about violence and intimidation, which have absolutely no place in our politics.
She will be aware that there is a significant body of work taking place across Government, co-ordinated by the defending democracy taskforce, to ensure that all our elected representatives are able to do their duty and represent their constituents without fear or favour.
The Government take that very seriously indeed.
My hon.
Friend made a number of points, and I will struggle to respond to all of them.
She will understand that the police are operationally independent of Government, but of course we remain in regular contact.
It is important to take this opportunity to thank the police for their important work.
They come under a huge amount of scrutiny—rightly so—but I think we saw at the weekend an impeccable police operation in which brave officers stood and did their duty, at least 17 of whom were allegedly assaulted in the line of duty.
The final thing to say to my hon.
Friend relates to drawing the distinction, as she will well understand, on the absolute right of anybody in our country to express their concern about the desperately difficult situation in the middle east and more specifically in Gaza.
The ability to go to the streets and join others in expressing individual or collective concern about unfolding events, be they in this country or further afield, is a cornerstone of our democracy.
This Government would never do anything to get in the way of that.
It was interesting that tens of thousands of people took to the streets this weekend and were able to express their concern in an entirely lawful way.
My hon.
Friend asks about whether we are seeking to review any elements of the Terrorism Act.
It is worth pointing her to the recently published article by Jonathan Hall KC, the independent reviewer of terrorism legislation, who said with regard to tackling Palestine Action that
“There is no way ordinary criminal law would be effective against funding, training and recruitment.”
The Government must ensure public safety, and that is what we will seek to do.
I call the shadow Home Secretary.
We—in common, I hope, with everyone in this House—fully and unequivocally support the right to peaceful protest, including on issues in the middle east, whether the hostages who remain captive or civilians in Gaza, whose plight concerns us all.
However, in exercising that right to protest, violence is never acceptable.