Before we begin today’s business, I wish to inform the House that during the summer recess I had the honour of attending the sixth World Conference of Speakers of Parliament, organised by the Inter-Parliamentary Union in close collaboration with the United Nations.
The conference brought together 100 Speakers from around the world to discuss the vital role that Parliaments play in strengthening global governance and bridging the democracy gap in international affairs.
A key theme was the urgent need to restore public trust in democracy and its core institutions.
Following my time in the Chair on Thursday, I travelled to Ottawa to participate in the 23rd meeting of Speakers of the G7 countries, hosted by the Speaker of the Canadian House of Commons.
The summit focused on the shared challenges facing democratic systems, including the rise of disinformation and increasing political polarisation.
It was a valuable opportunity to exchange perspectives and explore collaborative approaches to safeguarding democratic values.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps he is taking to increase innovation in the defence sector.
What steps he is taking to increase innovation in the defence sector.
I am sure that the House will want to offer its sympathies to His Majesty and the royal family on the passing of the Duchess of Kent.
The world is more dangerous and less predictable that ever, and as a result we need a strong British defence industry that is capable of innovating ahead of our adversaries.
Our defence industrial strategy, launched later today, will meet that challenge.
It will create jobs, grow skills, and drive innovation.
It will make defence  an engine for growth in every region and nation of the UK, and it will put Britain at the leading edge of innovation within NATO.
The growing advanced ceramics industry in north Staffordshire is a key creator of the unique advanced ceramic materials that are required for His Majesty’s fighting capability, including unique armour materials for defence, ultra high-speed munitions, and the detection and security of our communications.
There is a time-based opportunity to create a sovereign capability for the development and supply of ceramic matrix composites that our UK defence forces need, and so enhance the resilience of our defence supply chain.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the creation of that sovereign capability, and visit my constituency to see for himself the range of companies and skills on offer?
I know that the Minister of State, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Plymouth Sutton and Devonport (Luke Pollard) , will be pleased to meet my hon.
Friend.
She recognises the truth at the heart of the need for a strong British defence industry that is resilient and capable of supporting the businesses, jobs and innovation that we need to develop here in Britain.
Gone will be the days when we let contracts in the defence field without worrying where the jobs, businesses, and long-term investment will go.
I recently had the pleasure of visiting Stewart-Buchanan Gauges, a proud employee-owned business in my constituency that supplies high-quality gauges and valves to clients in more than 50 countries.
It even provides gauges for the SpaceX shuttle, and it exemplifies the world-class small and medium-sized enterprises that drive our economy and support the defence sector.
Will the Secretary of State outline what steps the Government are taking to ensure that firms such as Stewart-Buchanan Gauges are included in defence innovation initiatives and remain integral to UK supply chains?
I take my hat off to the firm in my hon.
Friend’s constituency—it is exactly those sorts of businesses that are the backbone of a strong British defence industry.
Small or medium-sized companies, often with the potential to grow, have not in the past seen support from Government.