Would it not be better to simply scrap the red tape altogether and focus solely on getting the best people into the armed forces, irrespective of their background?
I think the hon.
Member has answered his own question.
We are talking about indicators, and indicators are very different from targets.
An intelligent recruitment strategy seeks to reach out to all communities across these islands, and we need to monitor how well our narratives are succeeding.
If we are to have a truly professional strategy, we have to monitor its success in reaching different communities.
That is why we refer to an indicator.
My question is a bit like the buses this morning.
I spend a lot of time knocking on doors and talking to residents in my constituency.
A couple of weeks ago, one resident spoke with anguish about the challenges that his son, who is former armed services personnel, faces in suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder.
I have met the Veterans Minister to discuss this on a number of occasions, but can I ask him once again to emphasise the importance that this Government put on supporting veterans who have PTSD?
This links in with work that I did in a previous role, in which I supported veterans out of homelessness—
Order.
That question was like the buses, indeed—some are quicker than others, and that one should have been an express.
This Government take seriously both physical and mental injuries from service.
Op Courage has already seen 34,000 referrals.
It is a fantastic programme that runs across the country and provides mental health services for veterans.
I encourage any veteran who thinks that they need help to shout and seek help.
It is the first step to recovery.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
It is clear that Vladimir Putin remains hellbent on the conquest of Ukraine, while he drags Trump along with false promises of peace.
It is right of the Government to have taken steps such as putting in place the recent price cap cut, to hurt Putin’s oil profits, but the Government must go further.
Analysis by the Centre for Research on Energy and Clean Air think-tank shows that the UK has sent over £500 million in tax receipts to the Kremlin by continuing to import petroleum products derived from Russian oil from third countries.
Will the Government commit to finally closing this loophole, which is currently filling the Kremlin’s coffers?
We are always ready to take further steps on imposing economic sanctions, and to close any loopholes in those sanctions.
We have a record, under both the last Government and this Government, of being at the forefront of imposing these sorts of economic measures on Putin’s regime.
Like several colleagues across the House, I grew up in the air cadets.
I left as a cadet warrant officer, having gained so much by flying aeroplanes, shooting rifles, marching in a band and, crucially, learning the self-discipline and leadership that ultimately brought me to this House.
Cadets and adult volunteers I have spoken to recently are over the moon about our plan to increase the size of the cadet forces by 30% by 2030.
However, as we increase the size of the cadet forces, how can we ensure that every cadet will have the same access to opportunities as they currently do, when resources for activities are limited?
The expansion of the cadets—30% by 2030— is front and centre of my portfolio.
We will ensure that the £70 million is spent on expanding the services, as well as increasing the standard of training, insight and access that cadets have across the country.
I congratulate the hon.
Members for Plymouth Sutton and Devonport (Luke Pollard), and for North East Derbyshire (Louise Sandher-Jones), on their new ministerial positions.
My constituent, former senior aircraftsman Mark Shephard, was subjected to discriminatory dismissal from the RAF, denying him his whole future career in the RAF.