Friend is simply prolific in the areas in which she is seeking to improve defence, and I would be very happy to meet her to discuss this further.
There will be an announcement on skills in the defence industrial strategy that is coming out this afternoon.
There is a real opportunity to expand this work, not just in defence technical education colleges, but in institutions nationwide.
Will the Secretary of State guarantee—yes or no—that no British serviceman or veteran will face prosecution for actions taken in Northern Ireland while serving their country?
As has been mentioned, as we go through the process, we will ensure that protections are in place, to look after our veterans.
The reality is—I am being really honest—that if people broke the law, they will be held accountable, but I assure the hon.
Member that veterans who served will be protected.
Young people in my constituency are crying out for decent, well-paid jobs, especially in the defence sector, so will the Secretary of State agree to meet me to discuss the Typhoon order that is desperately needed, not only for our country, but for jobs across Blackpool and Lancashire?
I will indeed, and my hon.
Friend will be encouraged, I hope, by the visit I paid to Turkey, and the initial agreement that I have signed with Turkey for a big new order of Typhoons, which will be built in Lancashire.
I look forward to the order.
Before we come to the urgent question, I should remind hon.
Members to avoid referring directly to criminal cases that are currently before the courts.
There is also an active application for judicial review relating to the proscription of Palestine Action.
I have decided to grant a waiver in relation to that case, as it concerns a matter of public order in which there is significant public interest.
Members may therefore refer to that case.
(Urgent Question): To ask if the Home Secretary will make a statement on the proscription of Palestine Action and public protest.
Anyone who wishes to demonstrate about the humanitarian situation in Gaza or the actions of any Government, including our own, has the absolute freedom to gather with others and voice their views, provided that they do so within the law, but supporting Palestine and supporting a proscribed terrorist organisation are not the same thing.
The vitally important issue of Palestinian rights should not be co-opted by one organisation that has shown that it is willing to use violence in pursuit of its cause.
The clear advice and intelligence given to the then Home Secretary earlier this year was that Palestine Action satisfied the relevant tests in the Terrorism Act 2000 and should be proscribed.
Some of those holding placards in support of Palestine Action may not know the extent of its activities.
It has conducted an escalating campaign involving intimidation and sustained criminal damage, including to Britain’s national security infrastructure.
Some of its attacks have involved the use of weapons, resulting in alleged violence and serious injuries to individuals.
Palestine Action’s members have been charged with violent disorder, grievous bodily harm with intent, actual bodily harm, criminal damage and aggravated burglary—charges that include, in the assessment of the independent Crown Prosecution Service, a terrorism connection.
These are not the actions of a legitimate protest group, and for a Government to ignore expert security assessments, advice and recommendations would be highly irresponsible.
Were there to be further serious attacks or injuries, questions would rightly be asked about why action had not been taken.
The Metropolitan police has confirmed that a total of 890 arrests were made at a demonstration in central London on Saturday.
Most of those were under section 13 of the Terrorism Act 2000 for displaying articles in support of Palestine Action.
Thirty-three people were arrested for other offences, including 17 assaults on police officers.