Does the Minister support operational independence across the UK?
If police forces feel it is in their interests to have different policing arrangements from the Metropolitan police, will he support them and say that there will be no Government interference in their operations?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his engagement over the course of the summer.
I can give him an absolute assurance: yes, of course we believe in the absolute importance of the operational independence of the police.
They have to make some very difficult judgments, but I hope he agrees that nobody should be above the law; there is not an age limitation with regard to these offences.
The police have difficult judgments to make, but in the main they have acted proportionately and without fear or favour, in the best traditions of British policing.
This weekend alone, almost 900 people—several of whom were from my constituency—were arrested.
The Terrorism Act was not brought in to arrest vicars, retired grandmothers and NHS consultants for holding a placard, yet the police are now in the position where that is exactly what they are doing weekend after weekend.
Will the Minister consider the views of international human rights experts, like the UN Human Rights Commissioner, who has described the ban as “disproportionate and unnecessary”?
Will he also acknowledge our concerns that political decisions must be open to political challenge—otherwise, we risk a massive loss of confidence in our democracy?
I completely agree with the point about political challenge; that is why we are here today to debate the decision and the policing around it.
I hope my hon.
Friend will understand that the Government  have acted in good faith, as we always seek to do.
The advice that the Government received was clear and unambiguous.
Palestine Action is concerned in terrorism, and its members have demonstrated a willingness or intention to conduct, in pursuit of its cause, serious violence against persons.
Under those particular circumstances, the Government have a responsibility and a duty to act.
As I have mentioned previously, and my hon.
Friend will know, the independent reviewer of terrorism legislation has been widely quoted about his response to the actions that the Government have taken; he concluded in a recent article that there is no way that ordinary criminal law would have been effective against this organisation.
Does the Minister agree that, while in this case, proscription may be a finely balanced decision, the law must be upheld whether you like it or not, whoever you are and wherever you are?
Does he therefore share my concern that in this case, there appears to be some regional disparity in the interpretation of the law, as evidenced by the different rates at which people were arrested across this country at the weekend?
As always, I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for his question, and I acknowledge his assessment of the decision as being finely balanced.
As I know he will understand, should this or any Government have taken a different approach, we would no doubt have been in this Chamber debating why the Government had decided to not proscribe.
These are difficult judgments, but under the circumstances I have described, the then Home Secretary did exactly the right thing in taking the decision she did.