He also knows that we have quick-reaction fighters at Lossiemouth and our Royal Navy submarine force based at Faslane.
We have huge investment across Scotland, and we will do even more, but while the Government in Holyrood, which he backs, has dithered on defence jobs, this Government have delivered extra defence jobs for Scotland, and will continue to do that.
I recently met my constituent Lance Corporal Sarah Bushbye, who is only the third ever woman to receive the Military Cross.
She shared with me the difficulty of dealing with the complex physical and psychological effects of her service, and the transformative effect that the Boulder Crest foundation had on her in her recovery.
Will the Minister meet me and Sarah to hear about the work of the foundation?
I completely empathise with that veteran.
I am more than happy to sit down and talk through the pros of that treatment, and to see if we can expand it further.
Fort Blockhouse in Gosport was due to have been sold by 2024, but the deadline keeps moving.
The Defence Infrastructure Organisation has not been at all proactive;  this giant site sits empty, doing nothing for the MOD, taxpayers or the local economy.
First Reform and then the Government have suggested that sites like Blockhouse will be used for asylum accommodation.
Gosport deserves so much better.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss a much more innovative future for this important—
Order.
I have a lot of sympathy, but please —we have to be a bit quicker; otherwise, nobody else will get in.
I am happy to meet the hon.
Member to discuss the opportunities to use the defence estate to contribute to growth in every part of the country, including hers.
How will the Government ensure that Cammell Laird’s shipbuilding expertise and workforce are fully integrated into the defence industrial strategy, in order to both strengthen sovereign capability and support skilled jobs in the north-west?
There is real expertise in, and opportunities for, our shipyards nationwide—both those that support Royal Navy military vessels, and those that spend much of their time working on Royal Fleet Auxiliary vessels, which are the backbone of the Royal Navy fleet.
There is a real opportunity in not just shipbuilding but ship repair.
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss those opportunities.
Given that the Labour conference will soon take place in Liverpool, perhaps I can pop over and see her.
For many veterans, hearing loss is one of the hidden scars of service, and in a number of cases, it has been linked to defective 3M hearing equipment.
Will the Minister use their arts of persuasion on the Prime Minister to ensure an independent inquiry, so that we can find out the extent of this, and see whether any other equipment is involved and how we can prevent it from happening again?
Anyone with hearing loss from equipment can absolutely apply for compensation through the war pension scheme or the armed forces compensation scheme.
Broader work is happening on those specific bits of capability outside this place.
I welcome the five new defence technical excellence colleges just announced, but we need a skills pathway right across the country.
I have been working with ADS on a defence curriculum that could be delivered across colleges and universities nationwide.
What plans does the Minister have to support defence learning right across the country, and will he meet me and ADS to see if we can roll out a trial?
My hon.
Friend is simply prolific in the areas in which she is seeking to improve defence, and I would be very happy to meet her to discuss this further.
There will be an announcement on skills in the defence industrial strategy that is coming out this afternoon.
There is a real opportunity to expand this work, not just in defence technical education colleges, but in institutions nationwide.