It is the worst since Putin’s illegal invasion of Ukraine began, hitting a Government building for the first time.
Putin is escalating his attacks, and we must step up and speed up our support for Ukraine.
Last week,  I announced that over £1 billion of profits from frozen Russian assets has been put into military aid for Ukraine.
Tomorrow, I will host and co-chair from London the 30th Ukraine Defence Contact Group, when 50 nations will together confirm increased military aid for Ukraine.
Over the weekend, a drone attack was launched targeting a number of regions, including Kyiv and Odesa, which I had the privilege of visiting earlier this year.
It is reported to be the biggest drone strike since Putin’s illegal invasion began.
Does the Secretary of State agree with me that more must be done to secure a ceasefire?
I agree with my hon.
Friend, and she is right that it was the biggest drone attack in the past three and a half years since Putin’s illegal invasion.
These air attacks are directed at civilian areas with civilian targets.
I saw for myself this week the damage that brings when I stood outside the bombed-out building of the British Council in Kyiv, and I saw the determination of men and women—military and civilians alike—in their defiance to keep fighting in the face of Putin’s illegal invasion.
Will the Secretary of State confirm how this country and our allies will support Ukraine to defend its airspace from Russian aggression?
For example, will we lend it our Typhoons or will we participate in the cross-national F-16 fighter programme, despite the fact that we do not have F-16s?
We have worked closely with Ukraine to develop new weapons systems to supply the air defence missiles it requires.
While-ever Ukraine is fighting Putin’s invasion, we will stand alongside it and we will provide whatever military aid we can.
Beyond that, for when we can reach a negotiated peace, we have been leading work to prepare a multinational force willing to stand with Ukraine in the peace and to secure that peace for the long term so that Russia never again invades that country.
What steps he is taking to help strengthen the defence industrial base.
What steps he is taking to help strengthen the defence industrial base.
Through the defence industrial strategy, the Ministry of Defence will strengthen the defence industrial base by supporting small and medium-sized enterprises, fostering collaboration with industry and academia, creating jobs, enhancing exports support and adopting sustainable procurement practices.
These measures will boost innovation, resilience and competitiveness while supporting national security and economic growth.
I welcome last week’s news that Ukraine’s largest drone manufacturer has invested £200 million in a new factory in the UK, creating 500 jobs.
This demonstrates the strength of our partnership with our  Ukrainian friends and the confidence that international companies have in Britain’s skilled workforce.
What assessment has the Minister made of the impact of foreign direct investment in the UK’s defence industrial base?
I thank my hon.
Friend for celebrating the investment we are seeing.
Foreign direct investment is a really important component part of building our ecosystem for defence industries.
Britain is the very best place to invest in defence industries, with a talented population, increasing skills, increasing defence spending and a military that is respected the world over.
We have a huge opportunity to do even more, and when I announce details of the defence industrial strategy shortly, I hope he will support that work as we seek to go further in using defence as an engine for growth in every part of the country.
Medway has a proud tradition with its former dockyard in Chatham.
Last week, I visited the BAE Systems aviation centre in Rochester in my constituency to see its graduates and apprentices.
What more can be done to support graduates and apprentices in defence?