The Minister has said that no one is above the law and that violence is never the answer.
I agree with him and I know that he believes that the law should be wielded with integrity, so when are we going to see the proscription of violent settler groups in the west bank, many of whom are perpetrating a reign of terror on innocent Palestinians in that part of the world but who may be garnering support and raising funds in the United Kingdom?
The right hon.
Gentleman is an experienced Member of this House and has served as a Minister in the Home Office, so I am sorry to have to put my response to him in this way, but he will understand why I do so: we never comment about matters relating to future proscription.
I know that his words will have been heard by colleagues in other Government Departments, as well as in my Department.
He makes his points with great consistency—he has raised them with me previously—but I know that he will understand that there is a long-standing protocol, across a number of Governments, that we do not talk about future proscription activity.
I thank the Minister for his response to the urgent question, but I concur with some of the comments from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Walthamstow (Ms Creasy)  about people being arrested, including my constituents, some of whom were protesting peacefully.
I want to come back to the issue of the impact on frontline policing.
As a central London MP, I am seeing resources being drawn away from my local police to deal with the protests.
My constituents want those frontline police officers to be solving crime on their streets; the Minister will understand the sheer scale of their concerns about ensuring the police can get to grips with that locally.
Returning to the point made by the Chair of the Home Affairs Committee, will the Minister assure me that those ongoing discussions with the police are happening, including with the chair of the Metropolitan Police Federation, who said on the “World at One” today that the protests are “not sustainable”?
My hon.
Friend raises a very important point, as did the Chair of the Home Affairs Committee.
She will absolutely understand the importance that this Government attach to the safer streets agenda.
I can give her an assurance that we are working very closely with the Metropolitan police and other police forces around the country to ensure that they have the resources they need to police these kinds of protests and activities, alongside the other activities that they are required  to police.
The Home Secretary, the Policing Minister and I take these matters very seriously.
We met senior representatives of the Metropolitan police just last week, but I give my hon.
Friend an absolute assurance that we will ensure that the police have the necessary resources to do the job that we ask them to do.
Given the scale of arrests over the weekend and the Minister stating that he has no intention to review legislation, will he commit instead to an independent review of the use of terrorism legislation against people peacefully protesting to see if it is fit for purpose?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for her question; I hope that she heard the response I gave a moment ago—that it would not be appropriate to get into a review process at this particular moment because of ongoing legal proceedings.
We are incredibly fortunate to have Jonathan Hall KC as the independent reviewer of terrorism legislation.
He brings a weight of authority and credibility to the process.
I know that he has particular views on the issue, and I invite her and other Members to look closely at what he has said about it.