That is why the Government have taken the unprecedented step of investing £50 million over three years to set up Valour—three big chunks across the strategic, regional and local level to redesign our support mechanism for veterans.
That will increase the headquarters  size, it will allow liaison officers into our regional councils and, at the local level, it will take the best hubs to provide wraparound welfare and services for veterans.
It will give our veterans the deal that they deserve.
For more than two centuries, Gurkha veterans have served our country with extraordinary loyalty and bravery.
Many of them and their families have strong ties to my constituency in Brecon.
Yet to the shock of many, thousands who retired before 1997, despite fighting shoulder to shoulder with their British comrades, often suffering injuries and wounds in the process, remain on inferior pensions, leaving too many in poverty.
Does the Minister agree that that injustice cannot be allowed to stand?
Will he commit to ensuring that all Gurkha veterans receive fair and equal pensions in recognition of their service?
We have a proud and distinguished history of Gurkha soldiers serving in the British Army and across defence.
I served with them in Afghanistan and across many other conflicts.
The Bilateral Gurkha Veteran Welfare Committee sat most recently in June of this year, and it continues to ensure that the needs of Gurkha veterans are met and understood fully.
It is also worth noting that even among British service personnel from in and around that era, some did not qualify for a pension, so in some cases there is parity across the board.
The Gurkha welfare advice centres provide handling support for a wide variety of welfare-related inquiries, alongside the Gurkha Brigade Association.
I have also met the Nepalese ambassador and will do so again soon to discuss the issues.
From my proud support of the National Transition Event held annually at Silverstone in my constituency, I am aware of the work of Mission Community, a service charity tasked with the delivery of the Office for Veterans’ Affairs’ veterans industry engagement programme, which is designed to advocate for our veterans by working with industry trade bodies.
What sectors will the Government focus on in their work so that veterans and their families feel the benefit, as well as that having a positive impact on our economy?
Veterans not only defended the nation while in service, but they go on to deliver the second mission of Government, which is to help us prosper.
I have met representatives from Mission Community, which does a fantastic job, several times.
It is worth noting that veterans who engage with our career transition pathway on transitioning to become civilians have an 88% success rate in going straight into employment.
Op Ascend, which we launched at the National Transition Event, has seen thousands of families and veterans connected up with industry to move that collaboration forward.
I will write the hon.
Lady with details about specific industries in due course.
This Government are resetting the relationship between those who serve and those who served.
The Government’s response to the Defence Committee’s inquiry into the armed forces covenant was positive.
Will the Minister provide an update on the work that is being to strengthen the covenant?
When we came into Government, the covenant covered three different Departments.
We have made a pledge to armed forces service personnel, those who have served, their families and, indeed, those who have been bereaved that we will open that covenant—that duty—to 14 different Departments.
Over time, that commitment will result in a step change in the Government’s relationship with those who have served, and it is a commitment that we will deliver.
More than 200 service families lost loved ones during the troubles in Northern Ireland.
Will the Minister set out how the forthcoming legislation will enable closure for those families, who have had their wounds continually reopened for too long?