What steps he is taking to increase the number of cadets.
The number of questions on this issue demonstrates the importance that Members in all parts of the House ascribe to the subject of cadets.
As we said in the strategic defence review, we will increase the number of existing cadet forces by 30% by 2030 with £70 million of funding, but we are also considering areas of social demographic requirement where new cadet forces can be placed.
That will give kids throughout the country fantastic opportunities to flourish and thrive, both at school and as they move to the end of their education.
As one of the first female cadets in Scotland during the mid-1980s—I know I do not look old enough—I am aware of how transformative the cadet experience can be, but now, in 2025, girls make up only a third of our cadet force.
What more can my hon.
Friend do to ensure that joining the cadets is seen as an exciting opportunity for girls as well as boys, and will he join me on a visit to the brilliant cadet units in my constituency to see these brilliant young people in action?
I thank my hon.
Friend for making that important point.
The cadet forces are an inclusive organisation, and I have been delighted to be able to visit branches throughout the country, for instance in Cornwall.
A couple of weeks ago I visited a summer camp to observe the diversity of the cadets, which, in some cases, is far better than it is in the armed forces.
Currently, 36% of community-based and 39% of school-based cadets are female.
That is a positive, important and encouraging trend, and I hope that it will continue over time.
I was in the King Edward’s school RAF combined cadet force, and until recently I was on the board of the West Midland Reserve Forces’ and Cadets’ Association.
I was pleased to learn of the Government’s lofty ambition to increase cadet sizes, but I was worried by the comments of the Public Accounts Committee, which said recently that there was a distinct lack of “detail and funding” to achieve those numbers.
Without the funding and without the detail, these plans and numbers are meaningless, are they not?
There are two different issues here.
The first one is about expanding the cadet forces by 30% by 2030—there is £70 million behind that, and the plan for how to deliver it is being developed.
The second point, on the Public Accounts Committee, is about the Reserve Forces’ and Cadets’ Associations and is primarily about infrastructure, which we are working on now.
That is a legacy issue.
We are trying to rejuvenate it and make sure that the accommodation, and indeed the infrastructure, is fit for purpose for the cadets and the reserves as we move forward.
May I, too, welcome the Under-Secretary of State for Defence, my hon.
and gallant Friend  the Member for North East Derbyshire (Louise Sandher-Jones) , to her place on the Front Bench?
Before recess, I was lucky enough to visit Harlow and district air cadets and see the wonderful work that they do in supporting young people from across Harlow, teaching them leadership skills and building a sense of community.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating Harlow and district air cadets on their work, and recognise the importance that all types of cadets—in this case, air cadets—make to communities like mine in Harlow, and particularly working-class communities?
I thank my hon.
Friend 110%.
The cadets are all about social mobility, giving kids opportunity and getting them up and out, and that is what Labour is all about.
From my perspective, the air cadets are amazing.
I went to the summer camp, which had everything—flying planes, STEM, sports and flying drones—and it was absolutely outstanding.
I congratulate the Harlow air cadets; hopefully, I will get to visit them in due course.