Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”]
Last week I travelled to Norway to sign the biggest British warship deal ever—a £10 billion contract that will secure 4,000 jobs for the next two decades.
Last week I also visited Kyiv, during my fifth visit to Ukraine, where I met Defence Minister Shmyhal, visited a drone  factory and chaired a meeting of the coalition of the willing with more than 30 Defence Ministers.
The message to Moscow from one and all was of defiance and determination: the Ukrainians will keep fighting Russian aggression, and the coalition will step up support for Ukraine and preparations for a peace in Ukraine.
Tomorrow from London I will co-chair the meeting of the Ukraine Defence Contact Group, attended by around 50 nations.
This week I will also host the meeting of the E5 Defence Ministers here in London.
When I meet veterans across Beverley and Holderness, particularly at Withernsea or Beverley veterans breakfast clubs, the No.
1 issue they raise with me is homelessness among veterans—an issue that the Minister for Veterans and People will recognise.
They ask what more we can do, and I share that question with the Secretary of State: what more can we do to ensure that those who have put their lives on the line to serve our country do not find themselves homeless in their later days?
I share with the right hon.
Gentleman, and, I think, every Member of this House, the pleasure and honour of attending such breakfast clubs with veterans in my constituency.
He is right about the range of concerns that veterans raise, which includes the pressures of homelessness.
Recognising the forces’ service in local authority housing priorities is our first step, and the £50 million going into the Op VALOUR system to increase support for veterans will also play a part.
The £10 billion contract with Norway will help to guarantee shipbuilding on the Clyde for many decades to come.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating the workers at the shipyard in Glasgow, and will he assure me that the Government intend to everything they can to promote Glaswegian shipbuilding around the world?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question and thank the workers on the Clyde for their professionalism.
It made the collective ministerial effort across Government much easier knowing that we have professional, dedicated and excellent workers on the Clyde who are able to build the Type 26 frigate, and on the opposite side of Scotland, supporting the workers at Rosyth, to build the Type 31 frigate, too.
There is a huge future on either side of Scotland for British shipbuilding, and hopefully more export orders as well.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Does the Secretary of State agree that recruitment to the armed forces must be based solely on merit?
We must recruit the absolute best to serve in the armed forces.
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, an intelligent strategy for recruitment will seek to reach every single community across these British isles.
Perpetuating a narrative that women and those from ethnic minorities—many of whom have proven time and again on service that they absolutely deserve to be a part of our armed forces—are recruited because of some woke policy does them a huge disservice.
I totally agree, but is that not why we should be concerned that the contract for the new armed forces recruitment service
“includes Annual Mandated Performance Indicators focused on enhancing equality and diversity within the workforce”?
Those are to be annually mandated in the contract.
My concern is that hardwiring the requirements into the contract risks distorting recruitment if the targets are not hit; we saw that with the RAF.
Would it not be better to simply scrap the red tape altogether and focus solely on getting the best people into the armed forces, irrespective of their background?
I think the hon.
Member has answered his own question.