Over time, that commitment will result in a step change in the Government’s relationship with those who have served, and it is a commitment that we will deliver.
More than 200 service families lost loved ones during the troubles in Northern Ireland.
Will the Minister set out how the forthcoming legislation will enable closure for those families, who have had their wounds continually reopened for too long?
I thank my hon.
and gallant Friend for his question.
It is not lost on me that during the troubles there were major explosions in key cities all over the country.
From Brighton to Brimingham, individuals from both sides of the House had to take the precaution of checking under their beds and their cars, and ensuring that the lights were on before they went into certain rooms, because the chance of close-quarter assassination by terrorists was ever present.
Some service personnel who were deployed to secure the peace paid the ultimate sacrifice and 200 families lost loved ones.
That means that mothers, fathers, brothers and sisters had the truth denied to them as soon as the Northern Ireland Troubles (Legacy and Reconciliation) Act 2023 came into place.
As a service person, I would always want my family to know what happened to me if I were to be killed in a conflict.
Repealing and replacing the legacy Act will enable that, but we must ensure that the process does not come with punishment for veterans.
We will ensure that protections are in place to allow us to get to the truth, and to ensure that no one can rewrite history or make veterans suffer any more.
I call the shadow Minister.
Nearly a fifth of a million people have now signed the parliamentary petition to protect Northern Ireland veterans from prosecution, in opposition to Labour’s proposals for two-tier justice.
Surely Ministers must understand that facilitating lawfare against our Army veterans, none of whom received letters of comfort after leaving their service, shows that Labour just does not have their back?
I highlight to the right hon.
Gentleman that 200 families—200 mothers, fathers, brothers or sisters—of those that served had their inquest inquiries, insight and understanding closed off when the legacy Act came into place.
They were serving members of the security forces and their families deserve truth.
However, we must ensure that we also provide protection for veterans as we move forward, so that they are not subject to lawfare, as the right hon.
Gentleman mentions, and that the process does not become the punishment for veterans as we move forward.
Labour’s currently stalled remedial order would specifically make it easier for Gerry Adams and his friends to sue the British taxpayer while throwing our Army veterans, many of them recruited from red  wall seats, to the wolves.
After everything the Government put their Back Benchers through in recent months, are No.
10 and Ministers really intending to press ahead with this madness and do Gerry Adams a favour, at the expense of the soldiers who opposed him?
Are they pressing ahead with the remedial order—yes or no?
The right hon.
Gentleman is missing the point.
He is trying to divide the House, veterans and the armed forces community, and it has got to stop.
The reality is that we will produce legislation that will allow families to get to the truth.
He should put himself in the shoes of the families who have lost loved ones, and then put himself in the shoes of veterans—I am a Northern Ireland veteran—and accept that if the protections are in place to ensure that the process does not become the punishment, we have a good solution.
What discussions he has had with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on meeting the NATO target of spending 5% of GDP on defence.
At the Hague summit in June, all 32 NATO nations agreed to step up and increase spending on national security to 5% by 2035.