These products provide solutions in a range of industries, from quantum computing to diagnostics.
As one can imagine with a world-leading technology, there is a huge array of potential military applications.
Indeed, the company has already been contacted by our NATO allies.
May I invite the Secretary of State and the new procurement Minister to visit Paragraf, meet CEO Simon Thomas and look at how we can seize the initiative in defence with an innovative and world-leading technology, and a real British and Huntingdon success story?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his continuing championing of not just defence businesses in his constituency, but defence in total.
The amount of parliamentary questions I have answered from him certainly shows his strong interest in this area.
I want more of our defence budget focused on novel and innovative technologies.
That is what we announced in the strategic defence review, with 10% going to those advanced technologies.
There is a real opportunity to create more jobs that provide the world-leading innovation that will give us the edge on the battlefield, because the nation that innovates the most will be the nation that wins in any conflict.
I would be very happy to discuss that further with him.
The east of England has a proud record of defence innovation.
Indeed, on my holiday to Lincoln, I stayed at the White Hart hotel, where the battle tank was first conceived during the first world war.
Does the Minister  agree that investment in technical colleges of excellence, such as that at Bury St Edmonds, are absolutely key to defence innovation?
I have some recommendations for other defence holiday tourism, if my hon.
Friend would like some.
He is absolutely right to raise the importance of skills.
There are huge opportunities across the nation in defence industries, but we need the workforce of the future to deliver them.
That is why, in the defence industrial strategy being announced this afternoon, he will see more investment in skills, not just in defence technical colleges of excellence but in schools and university clusters, to maximise the opportunity to enhance our skills offer and make defence an engine for growth everywhere in the country.
What steps he is taking to improve the welfare of armed forces personnel.
The armed forces welfare support policy, JSP 770, underwent a full review and was published in January 2025.
It now includes updated information and guidance to ensure that welfare support structures are appropriate, accurate and informative for service personnel and their families.
Welfare support lies within the chain of command, with commanding officers overseeing the delivery of welfare support within their units.
One of Labour’s key manifesto commitments was to give our armed forces greater representation through the creation of an Armed Forces Commissioner—a promise that we have made good on with the passing of the Armed Forces Commissioner Act 2025 last week.
How does the Minister expect that to improve the lives of our service personnel and their families?
As my hon.
Friend rightly notes, the Armed Forces Commissioner Act, as I can now refer to it, received Royal Assent last week, which is a fantastic step forward.
As she highlights, there is more to do; there are many aspects of service life where even small changes could make a massive difference to the overall experience of service personnel.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
I pay tribute to my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Liverpool Garston (Maria Eagle) .
She served as a Minister in both this and the previous Labour Government with great commitment, and we thank her for her service. [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”]
Last week I travelled to Norway to sign the biggest British warship deal ever—a £10 billion contract that will secure 4,000 jobs for the next two decades.