Member.
Obviously, in our Minister for the armed forces, my hon.
Friend  the Member for North East Derbyshire (Louise Sandher-Jones) , we have an individual who has lived experience of being a female in the armed forces.
It is really important to mention the individual who sits at the bottom of the command chain—where do they go if they are experiencing a problem?
Where do they seek help, and who do they complain to?
In some cases, they cannot do it within the chain of command.
It may not be appropriate or they may not want to, which is why the violence against women and girls taskforce is so important, as well as the tri-service complaints system.
It will allow people to come outside the command chain, raise those issues, and make sure they are dealt with appropriately.
Whether he has had recent discussions with the Secretary of State for the Home Department on the use of military assets to help prevent crossings by illegal migrants of the English channel.
The Prime Minister has made tackling small boats and closing every asylum hotel a priority.
Last week, I met ministerial colleagues from across Government to discuss how Defence will contribute to that work.
We have deployed a military planning team to assist the Border Security Command and the Home Office, looking at military and non-military sites for temporary but adequate housing so that we can accelerate closing asylum hotels.
The safety and security of my constituents is my No.
1 priority.
Given the national security risk posed by some of those who cross the English channel illegally, I ask the Minister to look again at using military assets to physically stop those small boats from landing in the first place.
Will he do that today?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his question, and I share his passion for keeping our country safe.
I refer him to the work of Operation Isotrope, a military operation undertaken by the last Conservative Government that put the Navy in charge of securing the English channel.
That operation concluded that naval assets were not suitable for that task; it is already a dangerous crossing, and it concluded that military assets only made it more dangerous.
That is why the armed forces are now assisting the Home Office and the Border Security Command, looking at how we can provide the accommodation that will enable us to close the asylum hotels, as well as how we can speed up the processing of asylum applications—something the Government that the hon.
Gentleman backed shamefully stopped when they were in power.
There is a lot of work to do, but we are making progress.
I call the Chair of the Defence Committee.
The Minister has commented that he and the Government are considering using military barracks to house asylum seekers.
While I thank him for his efforts to help address the small boats crisis by providing logistical planning support, I personally do not feel that operational responsibility for that should fall to our armed forces.
The experience of Operation Isotrope under the Boris Johnson Government—widely criticised by the previous Defence Committee for causing confusion and reputational risk and for straining our already pressured military—serves as a clear warning.
Can the Minister therefore issue iron-clad assurances to the House that any future MOD involvement within this field will be strictly limited, clearly defined and not strain our already pressured military?
I thank the Chair of the Select Committee for his question.
The Ministry of Defence is part of the cross-Government response to small boats.
We are stepping up our support to assist our colleagues in the Home Office.
The Home Office remains the lead Department, but as every Department can contribute something to this effort, it is right that the Ministry of Defence does so.
We continue to protect the nation and deliver the changes as laid out in the strategic defence review.
Our No.