On recruitment, inflow continues to improve and is up 13% year on year, and applications to join the armed forces and intakes to basic training both remain high.
On retention, morale had been falling year on year with more people leaving than joining, but we have started to reverse that decline, with an 11% reduction in outflow year on year.
I welcome the Minister to her place.
Over the past year I have had the privilege of taking part in the armed forces parliamentary scheme, and have met people across the United Kingdom and beyond.
One of the issues that arises when it comes to retention is that of the families of overseas workers in the armed forces.
They have no access to work opportunities, and there are no specific visas or agreements with other countries where our armed forces are based, which means that they must often take pay cuts or not relocate with their partners in the forces.
Will the Minister think about what we can do to support armed forces workers overseas?
I have served overseas and observed this issue at first hand.
Discussions with the Cabinet Office are ongoing, and I hope to update the hon.
Member in due course.
The brave men and women who serve in the armed forces are the very best among us, and I look forward to learning more about our Royal Air Force personnel when the RAF town show comes to Falkirk this week.
The cumulative 10.5% pay increase for non-officers since last July and the additional £1.5 billion to be spent on service housing demonstrate the Government’s commitment to upholding the armed forces covenant, but what further actions are Ministers considering to recognise and retain our armed forces personnel?
My hon.
Friend has rightly mentioned the largest pay rise in 20 years.
I am particularly delighted that we can now say that no member of the armed forces is paid less than the national living wage.
Of course we have much more to do; I look forward to getting to work on it, and I hope to have a meeting with my hon.
Friend to discuss that.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for North East Derbyshire (Louise Sandher-Jones) —a fellow female veteran—and  the hon.
Member for Plymouth Sutton and Devonport (Luke Pollard)  on their new appointments.
Reserve forces are a vital component of the British Army, and I welcomed the Government’s commitment to increasing their number by at least 20%, but the lack of a clear timeline, plan and funding is not good enough.
The Public Accounts Committee agreed with that in its report, and revealed that many training sites are in the wrong locations and that their condition has declined.
Good training sites in the right locations are vital to increasing our reserves.
Will the Government today give a firm timeline for completing the estate optimisation programme and securing funding for the next stages?
I thank the hon.
Member for her congratulations and for her question.
She makes a valid point and is absolutely right that we need to do more in this regard.
I am afraid I cannot provide a specific timeline here, but I will keep her question in mind and hope to update her in due course.
What steps he is taking to increase the number of cadets.
What recent steps he has taken to help increase the number of cadets.
What steps he is taking to increase the number of cadets.
The number of questions on this issue demonstrates the importance that Members in all parts of the House ascribe to the subject of cadets.
As we said in the strategic defence review, we will increase the number of existing cadet forces by 30% by 2030 with £70 million of funding, but we are also considering areas of social demographic requirement where new cadet forces can be placed.