I congratulate the hon.
Members for Plymouth Sutton and Devonport (Luke Pollard), and for North East Derbyshire (Louise Sandher-Jones), on their new ministerial positions.
My constituent, former senior aircraftsman Mark Shephard, was subjected to discriminatory dismissal from the RAF, denying him his whole future career in the RAF.
Could the Minister explain why he has been accepted for an impact payment, but denied a discharge and dismissal payment, with no explanation?
Will the Minister review the whole DDP, so that it honours—
Order.
Time limits apply to Liberal Democrats as well.
If the hon.
Member writes to me with the details of that case, I will look into it.
There is a plethora of issues and complexities with some of these policies, but I will take this case on and have a look.
We have already highlighted the welcome investment in shipbuilding on the Clyde and the Forth, which clearly demonstrates the real benefit of being part of the Union.
What assessment has the Minister made of other potential export deals?
What steps is he taking to ensure that the Ministry of Defence takes up those opportunities?
The Type 26 deal with Norway shows what is possible when we have a determined export campaign.
We are looking at working with a number of our European allies, and allies further afield, on export deals, not just for our larger platforms, such as warships, but missiles, electronic systems and a whole range of defence equipment, to create more jobs here in Britain.
I am happy to discuss that further with my hon.
Friend.
Pensions forfeiture for ex-armed forces personnel is rare—it is usually reserved for cases of serious criminal activity and those with serious criminal convictions—but is it not time that the small number of ex-forces personnel from this country who are shamefully fighting for the Russian Federation, either directly in Ukraine or through proxies in north Africa and sub-Saharan Africa, had their pensions cancelled?
The right hon.
Member raises an interesting point.
Please write to me in due course with examples, and we will look into that, from a defence perspective.
How will the defence industrial strategy, which is most welcome, ensure that more public money is spent with supply chain businesses in the UK—particularly those in the Teesside defence and innovation cluster in Stockton, Billingham and Norton?
There is a real opportunity to grow further the 2,000 directly supported defence jobs in the north-east.
I am happy to speak to my hon.
Friend further about that.
May I encourage him to stay for the defence industrial strategy statement?
He will hear about the further investment and opportunity that the Government hope to provide to every nation and region in the UK.
An independent northern European nation of 5.5 million people, Norway, has just signed an order for £10 billion-worth of the world’s best anti-submarine warfare frigates, designed and built in Glasgow in Scotland.
Despite that, despite Scotland’s longer coastline, and despite the ingenuity displayed in that product, none of those Type 26s—unless I am wrong—will be stationed in Scotland.
Would the Minister like to tell me that I am wrong, and that he is prepared to place Type 26s on station in Scotland in the future?
The hon.
Gentleman is a defence expert, so he knows well that the Type 26s replace the anti-submarine warfare Type 23s in Devonport, where they will be based.
He also knows that we have quick-reaction fighters at Lossiemouth and our Royal Navy submarine force based at Faslane.
We have huge investment across Scotland, and we will do even more, but while the Government in Holyrood, which he backs, has dithered on defence jobs, this Government have delivered extra defence jobs for Scotland, and will continue to do that.
I recently met my constituent Lance Corporal Sarah Bushbye, who is only the third ever woman to receive the Military Cross.