I take my hat off to the firm in my hon.
Friend’s constituency—it is exactly those sorts of businesses that are the backbone of a strong British defence industry.
Small or medium-sized companies, often with the potential to grow, have not in the past seen support from Government.
That is why we have set up an SME support centre that is dedicated to making it easier to access Government contracts, and why we will ringfence £400 million of direct defence investment that will go to SMEs.
That will grow in each successive year.
I call Katrina Murray.
You are giving me another bite of the cherry, Mr Speaker.
You are down on my Order Paper.
I have just asked my question.
Let us go to Mark Pritchard.
That is the story of my life—I am always the reserve, but I am always happy to step in. [
Laughter.]
Boxer, Challenger 3 and now the gun barrel facility are going to be based in my constituency—well, I hope the latter will be in my constituency, but certainly in Shropshire.
Will the Secretary of State put on the record his thanks for all the work of the men and women —the new engineers, the 100 new employees—taken on for the Boxer programme since March by Rheinmetall Defence and Rheinmetall BAE Systems Land?
Shropshire is a defence hub, and I ask the new ministerial team—some of them are here for me to welcome them today—whether the Government will continue to invest in Shropshire, recognising the link between local universities and colleges, and the defence supply chain.
Far from being the reserve, the right hon.
Gentleman is first up for the Opposition this afternoon, and I welcome that and the investment in Shropshire.
I reassure him that the Government will continue to support that.
I pay tribute, as he encouraged me to do, to the workforce in his area.
When the defence industrial strategy is published, the House will see how we are looking to define not just the British industry, but investors, entrepreneurs and the workforce as an essential part of strengthening British industry and innovation, and the future for British jobs.
I look forward to the Typhoon order.
Following the recent news that Norway will purchase Type 26 frigates, the speculation in the media before the weekend was that the Danish navy might also be about to place a significant order for the Type 31.
Will the Secretary of State soon be able to give the UK additional good news?
The hon.
Gentleman is right that this is the biggest British warship deal ever, and it is Norway’s biggest ever defence contract.
When the Prime Minister of Norway announced the detail, he said, “We asked ourselves two questions: who is our best strategic partner, and who builds the best warships?”
The answer to both was Britain. [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”]
I hope—we will work to ensure this—that that leads to other export contracts that will bring jobs and a future to British industry.
What steps he is taking to ensure that veterans receive adequate support after leaving the armed forces.
What steps he is taking to help support veterans into employment.
Travelling the country and speaking to veterans, our postcode lottery for veteran support across the nation is not lost on me.
Veterans have to repeat their stories between six and nine times to land on the support that they deserve.
That is why the Government have taken the unprecedented step of investing £50 million over three years to set up Valour—three big chunks across the strategic, regional and local level to redesign our support mechanism for veterans.
That will increase the headquarters  size, it will allow liaison officers into our regional councils and, at the local level, it will take the best hubs to provide wraparound welfare and services for veterans.
It will give our veterans the deal that they deserve.