As part of the package announced yesterday we are taking a number of steps in that regard, including with companies in China.
Last week, the Under-Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs,  the hon.
Member for Lincoln (Mr Falconer) , left open the possibility that the FCDO might revisit the issue of explicit carbon monoxide warnings on FCDO travel advisory pages—a change that we contend would have a cascading effect on the UK travel industry, drive up the use of carbon monoxide alarms and save lives of British travellers overseas.
May I encourage the Front-Bench team to pick up this  issue in the name of my constituent, Hudson Foley, to ensure that the lives of British travellers overseas are kept safe?
I can confirm that I will be adding information to our dedicated page for independent travellers to highlight the risk of carbon monoxide poisoning globally.
I shall be writing to Cathy Foley, who I was moved to meet, and to the hon.
Member.
Gaza’s healthcare system has been devastated, and many civilians are in desperate need of treatment and specialist care, which is not available in Gaza itself.
Will the Minister ensure that the Government continue to raise with Israel the importance of allowing safe passage out of Gaza for those children in need of urgent medical treatment?
Will they consider additional evacuation routes for critically unwell children?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for that important question.
We have been working closely with Egypt, which has sought to support many of those requiring medical assistance.
Across Government we continue to look carefully at this issue, but Gazans need healthcare support in Gaza, and the UK Government have been supporting that.
As I am sure those on the Treasury Bench know, soft power and diplomacy are most effective when they are backed up by hard power.
When will the Government commit to spending 3% of GDP on defence, to make sure that we have a real voice at the international table to encourage European countries to increase their defence spending?
Why did the right hon.
Gentleman not decide to do that?
The Conservatives left it to this Government to get back to 2.5%, which we last had under a Labour Government.
The right hon.
Gentleman should have done it, and we are going to do it.
I look forward to seeing relations between the UK and Iraq blossom in the years to come under this Labour Government.
Will the Minister share the recent conversations that he has had with Iraqi counterparts on reducing barriers to trade, such as diverging trade regimes?
I was very pleased to meet the Iraqi Foreign Minister Dr Fuad Hussein during the official visit of Prime Minister Al Sudani to the UK from 14 to  16 January .
During that visit our two Prime Ministers signed the landmark partnership and co-operation agreement, a wide-ranging treaty on trade and strategic co-operation, and announced a trade package worth up to £12.3 billion.
Before the Prime Minister’s statement, let me point out that the Government’s own ministerial code says that the text of statements should be provided in advance to the Opposition and the Speaker.
It does not provide for the text to be redacted.
I am particularly concerned by reports that some of the redacted information was provided to the media in advance.
If correct, that is very discourteous to this House, and I take it very seriously.
It could well have been leaked, in which case I hope that there will be an inquiry into what has happened.
I ask the Prime Minister to look into what has happened and to report back to me and to the House as soon as possible.
Let me begin by giving my word to this House that the statement was not given to the media.
I will absolutely have an inquiry into that.
I spoke to you, Mr Speaker, this morning.