I am genuinely glad of the continued cross-party co-operation on Ukraine, which we saw during the Foreign Secretary’s statement yesterday.
Of course, that includes getting important resources.
I am not quite sure that the proposal was a Liberal Democrat proposal, but I think there is a united front across this House on getting Ukraine the resources that it needs.
We will continue to work with European counterparts in support of Ukraine at the United Nations, across Europe and through NATO, using all the means that we can to support Ukraine militarily, economically and diplomatically.
What steps he is taking to support civil liberties in Georgia.
Who wants it?
rose—
Minister, well done.
Apologies, Mr Speaker.
I am answering a lot of questions today.
I have significant concerns about the Georgian authorities’ violent crackdown on peaceful demonstrators and journalists, which is completely unacceptable.
In response, we have suspended programme support to the Georgian Government, restricted defence co-operation, and limited engagement with Georgian Dream.
We have imposed visa bans and sanctions on some of those responsible for the violence, and we continue to work with international partners to support a free and open civil society and media in Georgia.
Meur ras, Mr Speaker.
Last month at the Council of Europe, I met several Georgian opposition members, who showed me graphic evidence of the brutal physical abuse meted out by the Georgian regime before, during and since the recent parliamentary elections.
Bidzina Ivanishvili, the Putin-backed oligarch and de facto ruler of Georgia, continues to suppress peaceful protest, using an identical modus operandi to that used in Russia.
Violence and intimidation are distorting the political process.
The United States has imposed sanctions on Ivanishvili, but much of his wealth is based in the UK or in British overseas territories.
Will the Minister commit to the UK joining our allies and freezing the assets of such a despicable tyrant?
I thank my hon.
Friend and his fellow members of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe delegation for the important work that they are doing, including on the issue of Georgia.
It is hugely important that we stand together with fellow Europeans in the Council of Europe on these matters.
In co-ordination with the US, the United Kingdom has imposed sanctions on the Minister and deputy Minister of Internal Affairs and three police chiefs responsible for violent attacks against journalists and peaceful protesters in Georgia.
My hon.
Friend will understand that while we continue to closely monitor the evolving situation in Georgia, we do not comment on potential sanctions designations, as to do so would lessen their impact.
The European Parliament recently recognised Salome Zourabichvili as the rightful President of Georgia.
Protesters who are on the streets of Tbilisi day in, day out, agree with that view.
She has met the President of France, Emmanuel Macron, and she attended the recent inauguration of the US President.
Will the Minister commit to meeting with Madame Zourabichvili the next time she visits the UK?
We continue to engage with a range of figures in Georgia.
We continue to engage with all those who seek a Euro-Atlantic path for Georgia, which is defined in its constitution and is the wish of its people.
We will continue to work closely with European counterparts on the issue.
Whether he has had recent discussions with his international counterparts on the payment of reparations to people impacted by historic slavery.
The slave trade was abhorrent.
We recognise its horrific impacts and the ongoing strength of feeling, but there have been no such discussions.
As the Foreign Secretary made clear to the Foreign Affairs Committee after the Commonwealth Heads of Government meeting,
“There was no discussion about reparation and money.
The Prime Minister and I were absolutely clear that we will not be making cash transfers and payments to the Caribbean”.