We remain desperately concerned about the humanitarian situation in Sudan.
My right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary has set out the measures taken by the UK to seek to ameliorate that appalling disaster, included a doubling of aid to Sudan.
In recent days, Sudanese armed forces have advanced into El-Obeid, the capital of North Kordofan state, ending a two-year siege by the Rapid Support Forces.
This has caused serious food shortages in North Kordofan, which is deemed to be suffering famine conditions under the integrated food security phase classification.
What are the Government doing to ensure that aid is fast-tracked into the city?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that issue, because the situation she has described is intolerable.
I was grateful to the international counterparts who attended a discussion on these subjects, in which we took part, at the Munich security conference.
My hon.
Friend referred to the famine designation.
We  regret the fact that the Sudanese armed forces have said that they will not co-operate with that assessment, but we have seen both the RSF and the SAF restricting aid and using it as a weapon of war, and that must end.
The Genocide80Twenty campaign group at Hampton school in my constituency recently met members of the Darfur diaspora who have fled the atrocities in Sudan, and they would like to know what the UK Government are doing to help those targeted simply for who they are.
With a staggering 16 million children desperately needing food, shelter, healthcare and education, could I ask the Minister for assurances that we will not see any cuts to UK aid to the region, and what assessment has she has made of the impact of the Trump Administration’s cuts to US aid?
The hon.
Member is right to raise the disturbing accounts of atrocities that we have heard.
She will be pleased to know that the UK led efforts to renew the UN Human Rights Council fact-finding mission mandate last October, and I was very pleased to see additional African countries coming on board with that.
We have doubled our aid to Sudan, so that commitment is not in doubt.
I welcome the Government pushing a ceasefire in Sudan and doubling aid.
Sudan’s civil war, now in its third year, has triggered one of the worst humanitarian crises of the decade, with 5.1 million internally displaced people and 1.3 million refugees since April 2023, and famine is now looming.
Given this, will the Minister outline what urgent steps the Government are taking with their international counterparts to help de-escalate the conflict in Sudan?
Ending the conflict in Sudan, and the appalling consequences of it, is a UK priority.
Both the Foreign Secretary and I have visited the region, including Chad and South Sudan.
We have increased aid, and we have been determined to increase international attention.
That includes the April conference to which the Foreign Secretary referred, but I also convened Development Ministers from a number of countries a few days ago, with the emergency relief co-ordinator, to try to pile on the pressure.
The last time the Minister was in the House talking about Sudan, she told us it was important to have trust in the international system.
Given that the RSF are accused of ethnic cleansing and genocide, are so far acting with complete impunity and have just pledged to form a rival Government, what are the UK Government doing to garner trust in the international system and to hold the RSF to account?
I regret that we see both parties to the conflict behaving in a manner that is having a truly catastrophic impact on civilians—we see famine and appalling levels of conflict-related sexual violence—and the international community must step up.
That is why the Foreign Secretary is seeking to convene leaders on this in April, why I have pulled together Development Ministers on this and why we have repeatedly raised these issues at the UN.