The overseas territories, including the British Virgin Islands, work to uphold international standards on tax transparency and illicit finance and enforce UK sanctions.
The overseas territories agreed to implement corporate registers that are accessible at least to those with legitimate interest by June 2025.
We are aware of BVI’s public consultation on its register and are working with it to improve its proposal.
The BVI will soon close the consultation on its proposal to grant only limited access to a register of beneficial ownership.
That proposal means that it will be virtually impossible for even a select few to trace those using the BVI as a place to secretly stash their cash, and this comes some five years after the first deadline to set up a register was missed.
I know that the Secretary of State agrees that sunlight is the best disinfectant when it comes to combating illicit finance, so what steps is he taking to ensure that the BVI establishes a genuine and fully transparent register of beneficial ownership?
The BVI committed at the Joint Ministerial Council to improving access to its corporate register by June.
I met BVI representatives just after that time at the end of last year, and my hon.
Friend the Minister of State will meet the BVI again in the coming weeks.
It is important that that public consultation on the proposed register will close this Friday, and we are working with the BVI to improve its proposal.
The Foreign Secretary will be aware that under the Sanctions and Anti-Money Laundering Act 2018, the British Virgin Islands is obliged to introduce open registers of beneficial ownership by the end of 2020, or be subject to an Order in Council.
It has not done so, it is in contempt of Parliament, so when will the Foreign Secretary issue the Order in Council?
I say to the right hon.
Gentleman that if the agreed requirements are not met we will carefully consider what further steps to take.
Our expectation remains clear: those registers will ultimately be public, and my hon.
Friend the Minister of State will meet the BVI to make clear our expectations.
What assessment he has made of the potential merits of sanctioning violent illegal Israeli settlers.
What assessment he has made of the potential merits of sanctioning violent illegal Israeli settlers.
Settler violence is unacceptable.
On  15 October  the UK sanctioned three outposts and four entities linked to violence in the west bank under the global human rights regime.
Those measures will help bring accountability to those who have supported and perpetrated such heinous abuses of human rights.
The Government do not comment on future sanctions measures, as to do so would reduce their impact.
Comments made yesterday by the UN Secretary-General about increasing violence in the west bank by Israeli settlers have shocked my Bath constituents and people across the country, and Members across the House are frustrated by the lack of action.
Will the Government sanction those who advocate for that violence, especially Minister Smotrich and former Minister Ben-Gvir?
We have condemned the unacceptable language that has been used by Israeli Minister Bezalel Smotrich and former Minister Mr Ben-Gvir.
The Foreign Secretary, and all Ministers, have been clear with their Israeli counterparts that the Israeli Government must clamp down on settler violence, as the Foreign Secretary said earlier, and end the settlement expansion.
As I said in my original answer, we will not comment on future sanctions, as to do so could reduce their impact.
Many people in my constituency are passionate about resolving the situation between Israel and Palestine, and there are concerns that violence in the west bank has increased and illegal settlements have continued to expand.
Does the Minister agree that if he also wants to see a reduction in settler violence, we should be considering sanctioning those settlements?