Friend knows that well.
She is absolutely right to say that we must get value for money.
This is a huge increase in defence spending.
It is very important that it is used on the right capabilities in the right way, and that is why we intend to get a much better grip on the money that will be put in.
I welcome the Prime Minister’s announcement.
I personally think it is a start, not a finish—I think we will find that we have to raise defence spending further—but I welcome it none the less, and on behalf of all of this House and my right hon.
Friend  the Member for North West Essex (Mrs Badenoch) , I will support it.
The Prime Minister is due to go to Washington.
One problem we have there is that they seem to have reached the conclusion that peace is simply the absence of war.
Can he remind the President that a peace without justice, the right to freedom and choice in democracy is not peace, but a partial ceasefire?
He might also remind the President that the last great test we faced united the United Kingdom and America, with Lady Thatcher and Ronald Reagan taking decisions that moved Europe in the right direction.
Can he appeal to the President that, instead of running around making adverse comments, he should link hands with the United Kingdom to persuade the rest of Europe to step up, as we are now stepping up?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his support.
The point he makes about a lasting peace and what it must be is really important.
This is not just about stopping the fighting; it is about an enduring and lasting peace for Europe and, of course, the sovereignty of Ukraine—the sovereign ability to choose the alliances that Ukrainian people want, to choose their own Government and to choose how they defend themselves in conjunction with others.
It is about the sovereignty of Ukraine, but it is also about the values and freedoms across Europe, including our values and freedoms.
That is why this is such an important moment to ensure that NATO is as strong as it has been in the last 75 years as we go forward, and that the bond between us and the US is as strong as it has ever been.
That has to be part of the case—the argument—and the way in which we have stepped up today and will continue to do so.
I warmly welcome the Prime Minister’s statement, and particularly his commitment to accelerate the increase in defence spending, although I fear that we may have to visit the 3% target before the next Parliament.
It is very important that we have a whole-society approach to defence.
Will he be bringing forward a strategy to make that happen, particularly around the great need to improve our reservist forces?
It does have to be a whole-society response, which is why I set that out in my statement in the House, and I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising it.
Of course it has to be a driver of industrial growth and our industrial strategy.
Aside from a few of Putin’s poodles, who are not in their seats in the Chamber today, we are of course united in our support for the people of Ukraine, and in wishing the Prime Minister well in his discussions with the President of the United States later this week.
But I am afraid that is where the unity ends, because while we support increasing defence spending, we cannot support the populist playbook of cutting foreign aid.
Indeed, that position was shared and agreed with by the Foreign Secretary just a matter of days ago, when he said that it would be a “big strategic mistake” that would allow China to step in.
Why was the Foreign Secretary wrong, and the Prime Minister right?
I thank the right hon.