We will translate defence spending into British growth, British jobs, British skills and British innovation.
We will use the full powers of the Procurement Act 2023 to rebuild our industrial base.
As the strategic defence review is well under way, and across Government we are conducting a number of other reviews relevant to national security, it is obvious that those reviews must pull together.
So before the NATO summit in June we will publish a single national security strategy and bring it to this House, because, as I said earlier, that is how we must meet the threats of our age: together and with strength—a new approach to defence, a revival of our industrial base, a deepening of our alliances; the instruments of our national power brought together; creating opportunity, assuring our allies and delivering security for our country.
Mr Speaker, at moments like these in our past, Britain has stood up to be counted.
It has come together.
And it has demonstrated strength.
That is what the security of our country needs now, and it is what this Government will deliver.
I commend this statement to the House.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
I thank the Prime Minister for the partial copy of his statement.
Now that I have heard the unredacted bits, I must welcome his response and his fulsome support for Ukraine.
This weekend marked a grim milestone: it is now three years since Putin’s invasion.
The Conservative party stands resolutely with the people of Ukraine.
Our hearts are with those still caught up in this conflict as we remember the many innocent lives lost.
I will always be proud of the support that the last Conservative Government gave in the run-up to Putin’s invasion, and in the first crucial weeks and months of the war.
We helped prevent Kyiv from falling and we supported Ukraine in regaining territory initially lost to Russia.
But it is also true that, overall, the west has not done enough to support Ukraine.
As has been the case from the outset, it ultimately remains for Ukraine, as a proud and sovereign nation that has sacrificed so much to defend itself and the fundamental freedoms that we all hold dear, to decide its future.
We want this terrible war to end, but Ukraine needs to be at the negotiating table.
Like President Zelenksy, we hope for a lasting, reliable peace, but the west must continue to be intensely robust in the face of Putin’s aggression.
The lesson of the past 20 years is clear: he only comes back for more.
The first duty of every Government is to protect their people.
That means a strong state that stands up for our national interest.
Our foreign policy should seek to support our national interest, which should always come first, so I am very pleased to hear the Prime Minister announce the increase to 2.5% by 2027.
All of us on the Conservative Benches welcome that; we have all wanted to see more spending on defence.
On the inclusion of the intelligence budget, will the Prime Minister confirm whether that means new money for the intelligence services?
Does it mean that there will be new money in the next financial year?
The Prime Minister will know that I wrote to him at the weekend with suggestions on what we can do to help increase defence spending, so I welcome his announcement on repurposing money from the overseas development budget—that is absolutely right—and I look forward to him taking up my other suggestion of considering what we can do on welfare.
He will know that we had a fully funded plan, and we urge him to take it up.
Having said that, can the Prime Minister say with confidence that 2.5% by 2027 is sufficient?
We need to look at exactly how we fund this.