What engagement has the Minister had with our Norwegian counterparts to counter Russian aggression and strengthen our collective security in the region?
I am delighted that my hon.
Friend has visited those incredible commandos during their training.
I, too, have visited our Royal Marines and Army commandos in the high north in Norway and witnessed the vital role that they play in our strategic defence efforts.
The UK and Norway work closely together as NATO and joint expeditionary force allies.
Our Prime Minister signed a strategic partnership agreement in December, and, last week, the Defence Secretary visited Norway to launch a new agreement on deeper defence co-operation.
I and the Foreign Secretary have also visited our counterparts, and I can tell my hon.
Friend that security and defence co-operation were absolutely at the heart of our efforts and discussions with our Norwegian friends.
President Trump and Elon Musk slashing US aid was a great day for Russia and China.
Will the Foreign Secretary avoid giving them another great day by committing to protect the UK’s development budget, even as we raise defence spending to 2.5% of GDP?
As he knows, preventing wars is cheaper than fighting them.
I am proud of the work that the UK has done over many decades in relation to development: the work that I have seen in Ukraine, in Gaza and in Sudan.
All of that work will, of course, continue.
The security of Europe is absolutely paramount.
What new steps is the Secretary of State taking to deter Russia from further invading European borders given that we are now in a new situation of ongoing negotiations?
I was very pleased yesterday to announce one of this country’s biggest ever sanctions packages, which will bear down further on Russia’s shadow fleet.
I remind my hon.
Friend that interest rates are running at 21% in Russia and inflation is running at 9%.
We are doing a lot to take off the table money that Putin uses to fund his war machine.
In January, a Minister in the Foreign Office said that they would challenge the Northern Ireland Executive to be more robust in their reporting of international affairs and meetings.
At the start of this month, the First Minister and the Deputy First Minister met again with the Chinese consul, but still no details of that meeting or previous meetings have been reported or shared.
Has that challenge been made, and what was the response?
We regularly engage with Northern Ireland on all matters of foreign policy.
However, this Chinese consular matter is not something that Ministers can discuss at the Dispatch Box.
I warmly welcome the massive sanctions package announced yesterday by the Government, but does the Foreign Secretary agree that China should be taking a significantly more proactive role in preventing its companies from supplying Russia’s military?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his praise and support for the action that the Foreign Secretary has just mentioned.
This was our largest ever sanctions package since the start of Russia’s illegal and barbarous invasion.
We and our G7 allies are absolutely clear on the principle that Russia must pay for the damage that it is causing to Ukraine, and we of course look at third country routes by which support is being given to Russia’s illegal actions in Ukraine.
As part of the package announced yesterday we are taking a number of steps in that regard, including with companies in China.
Last week, the Under-Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs,  the hon.
Member for Lincoln (Mr Falconer) , left open the possibility that the FCDO might revisit the issue of explicit carbon monoxide warnings on FCDO travel advisory pages—a change that we contend would have a cascading effect on the UK travel industry, drive up the use of carbon monoxide alarms and save lives of British travellers overseas.