It has brought peace for 75 years.
It is as important today as the day on which it was founded.
Putin thought he would weaken NATO; he has achieved the exact opposite.
It remains the organisation that receives the vast bulk of our defence effort in every domain, and that must continue.
Secondly, we must reject any false choice between our allies—between one side of the Atlantic and the other.
That is against our history, country and party, because it is against our fundamental national interest.
The US is our most important bilateral alliance.
It straddles everything from nuclear technology to NATO, Five Eyes, AUKUS and beyond.
It has survived countless external challenges in the past.
We have fought wars together.
We are the closest partners in trade, growth and security.
So this week, when I meet President Trump, I will be clear.
I want this relationship to go from strength to strength.
But strength in this world also depends on a new alliance with Europe.
As I said in Paris last week, our commitment to European defence and security is unwavering, but now is the time to deepen it.
We will find new ways to work together on our collective interests and threats, protecting our borders, bringing our companies together and seeking out new opportunities for growth.
Thirdly, we seek peace not conflict, and we believe in the power of diplomacy to deliver that end.
That of course is most pressing in Ukraine.
Nobody in this House or this country wants the bloodshed to continue—nobody.
I have seen the devastation in Ukraine at first hand.
What you see in places such as Bucha never leaves you.
But for peace to endure in Ukraine and beyond, we need deterrence.
I know that this House will endorse the principle of winning peace through strength, so we will continue to stand behind the people of Ukraine.
We must ensure that they negotiate their future, and we will continue to put them in the strongest position for a lasting peace.
Fourthly, we must change our national security posture, because a generational challenge requires a generational response.
That will demand some extremely difficult and painful choices, and through those choices, as hard as they are, we must also seek unity—a whole-society effort that will reach into the lives, the industries and the homes of the British people.
I started this statement by recalling the era of Attlee and Bevin, and this year we will mark many anniversaries of that greatest generation.
We must find courage in our history and courage in  who we are as a nation, because courage is what our own era now demands of us.
So, starting today, this Government will begin the biggest sustained increase in defence spending since the end of the cold war.
We will deliver our commitment to spend 2.5% of GDP on defence, but we will bring it forward so that we reach that level in 2027 and we will maintain that for the rest of this Parliament.
Let me spell that out.
That means spending £13.4 billion more on defence every year from 2027.
However, we also face enemies that are sophisticated in cyber-attacks, sabotage and even assassination, so our intelligence and security services are an increasingly vital part of protecting both us and our allies.
On top of the funding of 2.5% that I have just announced, we will recognise the incredible contribution of our intelligence and security services to the defence of our nation, which means that, taken together, we will be spending 2.6% on our defence from 2027.
We must go further still.
I have long argued that in the face of ongoing and generational challenges, all European allies must step up and do more for our own defence.