Let me begin by giving my word to this House that the statement was not given to the media.
I will absolutely have an inquiry into that.
I spoke to you, Mr Speaker, this morning.
I would not be discourteous to you, the Leader of the Opposition or the House in that way.
I give you that assurance from this Dispatch Box.
I apologise to the Leader of the Opposition, and I will have that inquiry.
Three years since Russia launched its vile assault on Ukraine, I would like to address the international situation and the implications for Britain’s national security.
In my first week as Prime Minister, I travelled to the NATO summit in Washington with a simple message: NATO and our allies could trust that this Government would fulfil Britain’s and, indeed, the Labour party’s, historic role of putting our collective security first.
I spoke of my great pride in leading the party that was a founding member of NATO, the inheritor of the legacy of Clement Attlee and Ernest Bevin, who not only stood behind Winston Churchill in wartime, but won the peace by establishing the great post-war order here and abroad.
It is a proud legacy, but in a world like ours it is also a heavy one, because the historical load that we must carry to fulfil our duty is not as light as it once was.
We must bend our backs across this House, because these times demand a united Britain and we must deploy all our resources to achieve security.
Mr Speaker, as a young man, I vividly remember the Berlin Wall coming down.
It felt as if we were casting off the shackles of history; a continent united by freedom and democracy.
If you had told me then that in my lifetime we would see Russian tanks rolling into European cities again, I would not have believed you.
Yet here we are in a world where everything has changed, because three years ago that is exactly what happened.
Britain can be proud of our response.
British families opened their doors to fleeing Ukrainians, with the yellow and light blue fluttering on town halls and churches the length and breadth of the country.
The Conservatives in government were robust in our response.
I supported that in opposition and I applaud them for it now.
We have built on that, bringing our support for Ukraine to a record level this year.
We should not pretend that any of this has been easy.
Working people have already felt the cost of Russian actions through rising prices and bills.
None the less, one of the great lessons of our history is that instability  in Europe will always wash up on our shores and that tyrants like Putin only respond to strength.
Russia is a menace in our waters, in our airspace and on our streets.
It has launched cyber-attacks on our NHS and—only seven years ago—a chemical weapons attack on the streets of Salisbury.
We must stand by Ukraine, because if we do not achieve a lasting peace the economic instability and the threats to our security will only grow.
And so, as the nature of that conflict changes, as it has in recent weeks, it brings our response into sharper focus; a new era that we must meet—as we have so often in the past—together and with strength.
The fundamentals of British strategy are unchanged.
I know that the current moment is volatile, but there is still no good reason why they cannot endure, so let me now spell out to the House exactly how we will renew them for these times.
First, NATO is the bedrock of our security and will remain so.
It has brought peace for 75 years.
It is as important today as the day on which it was founded.
Putin thought he would weaken NATO; he has achieved the exact opposite.