Indeed, that position was shared and agreed with by the Foreign Secretary just a matter of days ago, when he said that it would be a “big strategic mistake” that would allow China to step in.
Why was the Foreign Secretary wrong, and the Prime Minister right?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his support on the question of Ukraine, which is important.
I reassure him that the decision that I have taken today on development aid is not an ideological one.
I absolutely understand its importance—it is a difficult and painful decision, but a necessary one.
He talks about choice.
SNP Members welcomed the biggest settlement since devolution in the Budget, but they voted against it because they could not take a choice.
The right hon.
Gentleman welcomes the increase in defence spending, but he does not want to say how he will fund it.
Grown-up choices about the future of Europe require grown-up decisions and choices, and that is what we have done.
Instability in Europe washes up on our shores, and I accept the hard decision that the Prime Minister has made to invest in defence, which means difficult decisions on international development.
Can we please invest more in cyber, given the disinformation and cyber-attacks that our country faces on a daily basis?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that because cyber is one of the tools for warfare these days.
That is why we increased funding in the Budget, and why I have adjusted the 2.5% to 2.6% in the case presented to the House today.
I agree entirely with the strategic direction that the Prime Minister has set out.
Defence and security must come first, but he does have choices about how he funds that important uplift.
In the last Parliament, he and I voted together against balancing the books on the backs of the poorest people in the world.
Does he still think that vote was right?
I am proud of that vote at the time, and proud of the work that our country has done on development.
This is not a decision that I want to make, and I absolutely want us to get back to more funding on overseas development and increasing those capabilities.
Some of that will be helped if, as we are doing, we get the asylum backlog down and stop using that money to pay for hotels, which is not what it is intended for.
This has been a difficult decision.
The right hon.
Gentleman knows how much I value overseas development and how important it is, but I thought, and think, that the most important thing today is to be clear about the commitment we are making on defence, to spell out the reasons that we are making those decisions, and to set out penny and pound exactly how it will be funded.
I would not come to the House with a plan that was not credible and not costed, because that would be far worse for our country, but I accept the tenor of what he says about the importance of the issue.
I thank the Prime Minister for his statement and for the leadership that he has shown in these uncertain times.
As the Member of Parliament for the home of the British Army, I know that this is hugely welcome news for my constituency and that my community is ready to serve.
What will the Prime Minister do to help to create jobs in the defence sector in my community?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question.
Given the make-up of her constituency and constituents, they are hardwired for this.
This is an important obligation that we must rise to, but it is also an opportunity to ensure that the jobs that will be generated are British jobs, with British skills, in all our constituencies.
We will endeavour to ensure that that is the case.