I can confirm that we will continue to support the ceasefire deal through all three of its phases, which we hope to see concluded in full.
I am working with international partners, as are other Ministers; I saw the Jordanian and Egyptian ambassadors on this question just last week.
I call the shadow Foreign Secretary.
This House stands united with the people of Ukraine.
In the light of Putin’s brutality towards the people of Ukraine, what discussions will the Foreign Secretary be having with allies, including his American counterpart, on the international effort to prosecute Russia for the invasion of Ukraine and the sheer barbarism it has inflicted on the people of Ukraine?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Lady for raising the issue of justice and accountability.
As she knows, this work was begun under the previous Government, when we led the world in ensuring there were sufficient funds in Ukraine.
The Foreign Office supports lawyers working in Ukraine to gather evidence; I will never forget the scenes that I saw in Bucha and the victims I stood with.
The UK will not let up on justice.
When it comes to accountability, Putin should pay—not the British and European people.
Russia, Iran and China all pose threats to Britain, and they go out of their way to do us harm.
Can the Foreign Secretary explain why the Government have yet to implement the foreign influence registration scheme, which the previous Government legislated for, and can he confirm when it will come in and whether China will be on the enhanced tier?
Again, the right hon.
Lady raises an important issue.
We inherited a process that was not quite working; she knows of the issues.
We will come forward shortly with our plans for the foreign influence registration scheme.
The International Court of Justice delivered its advisory opinion last July, in which it made crystal clear that the illegal settlements at that time were just that—unlawful.
Yet we have seen threats to displace Gazans and tanks on the west bank.
When will the Government deliver their response to the advisory opinion?
Will it be before the conference in Switzerland in a few weeks?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for her question and for her long commitment to these issues.
As I made clear in the Westminster Hall debate on  12 February , the UK respects the independence of the ICJ, and we are considering the court’s advisory opinion with the rigour and seriousness it deserves.
We remain clear that Israel should bring an end to its presence in  the Occupied Palestinian Territories as rapidly as possible, while making every effort to create the conditions for negotiations towards a two-state solution.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The whole House will be shocked to learn the worrying news that the mother of British-Egyptian political prisoner Alaa Abd el-Fattah, Laila Soueif, was admitted to St Thomas’ hospital last night.
She is 68 years old and has been on hunger strike now for 149 days.
Will the Foreign Secretary update us on whether the Prime Minister has spoken to the Egyptian President to secure the release of Alaa Abd el-Fattah and allow Laila to break her strike?
The whole House is engaged in this case, and we are all hoping for Laila’s health.
The Prime Minister recently met Laila and the rest of her family—a meeting I was pleased to join—and has undertaken to make every effort to ensure Alaa’s release.
We will continue to do so.
On a recent visit to Camp Viking, I witnessed the vital role that this hub for UK commando forces in the high north plays in our strategic defence efforts.
What engagement has the Minister had with our Norwegian counterparts to counter Russian aggression and strengthen our collective security in the region?
I am delighted that my hon.
Friend has visited those incredible commandos during their training.