Given the make-up of her constituency and constituents, they are hardwired for this.
This is an important obligation that we must rise to, but it is also an opportunity to ensure that the jobs that will be generated are British jobs, with British skills, in all our constituencies.
We will endeavour to ensure that that is the case.
We are pleased to hear the announcement that the Government will increase defence spending to 2.5%, but we are still waiting for the strategic defence review to be completed, as without that we are in the dark.
Will the SDR be announced soon, and if not, will the Prime Minister outline how the additional money will be spent?
The SDR is advanced and I will come to the House with it as soon as we can.
I want to make sure that we have properly identified the challenges and capabilities.
Obviously, we have put the funding forward today.
We will do that as soon as we can, and when we do, it will be a credible plan for the House.
I thank the Prime Minister for his tireless efforts to bring security to Ukraine, because its security is our security.
Does he agree that that is possible only because we are one United Kingdom, and that that strength, that solidarity, is possible only because our four nations work together?
Does he agree that those who attempt to fragment that Union in these perilous times do us great harm?
I do agree with that.
As the United Kingdom we have always stood up in moments such as this, and we stand up again as the United Kingdom and are proud to do so.
This is an important moment and a juncture after three years of a conflict,  and the whole House will be aware of the potential consequences of decisions in coming weeks.
It is a time for us to pull together.
President Trump says that he wants his legacy to be that of a peacemaker.
In his difficult conversations with the President in a few days’ time, will the Prime Minister remind him that the reason the enforced division of Czechoslovakia before the war was a step on the road to disaster, but the division of Germany at the end of the war did not lead to world war three, was that the western half of Europe at the end of world war two was not demilitarised?
If there is to be a stable Ukraine after any such enforced division, there must be military protection for the unoccupied half of Ukraine.
The right hon.
Gentleman is right to talk about peace.
It is what everybody wants, not least the Ukrainians, but it must be a lasting peace and not a temporary ceasefire.
I agree that that means it needs security guarantees.
The configuration of that needs to be agreed, but the security guarantees must be sufficient to deter any further aggression.
Otherwise it will be a ceasefire, and that would be the worst of outcomes for the whole of Europe.
I thank the Prime Minister for his leadership and the announcement today, committing us to 2.6% of GDP on defence spending, and 3% beyond that.
That is in stark contrast to the 14 years of erosion of defence spending, the hollowing out of our services, and the service life that resulted.
Does the Prime Minister agree with me that the reforms put forward by the Defence Secretary are essential to delivering deterrence and to preventing further acts of Russian brutal imperialist aggression in Europe?