We condemn the Taliban’s appalling treatment of women and girls in Afghanistan.
The Taliban must reverse their barbaric decrees, and we keep working hard with international partners to maintain collective pressure.
The cruelty and inhumanity of the Taliban should appal us all, and no doubt we all condemn the ban on medical training.
The UK has provided significant aid to Afghanistan to support the health of women and babies, but with the Taliban now undermining women’s health as well as their rights, what will happen to these aid programmes and funds?
What actions can we take to put pressure on the Taliban to reverse their decision?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right that the Taliban have been undermining so much of women’s and girls’ lives in Afghanistan.
We are determined to support girls in Afghanistan, including when it comes to education.
I have directly discussed that with the Aga Khan Foundation to ensure that support is getting directly to girls, but we also need to push hard politically.
I was very pleased to announce that the UK is politically supporting the initiative to refer Afghanistan to the International Court of Justice for violations of the convention on the elimination of all forms of discrimination against women.
I call the shadow Minister.
The treatment of women and girls by the Taliban is disgusting, and pressure must be exerted in response.
The Minister will know that there are concerns about the protection of rights for women and girls and other minorities in Syria too, given the ideology of Hayat Tahrir al-Sham.
Ministers have issued a statement on the future of the UK sanctions on Syria.
Can the Minister give details of the measures that need to be put in place in Syria to protect those rights, and say whether such issues will be tied to future decisions on sanctions?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Lady for her question, and for her passion for the protection of women and girls.
Protecting them, and, indeed, religious and ethnic minorities, has been at the core of the UK’s engagement with the Syrian authorities.
It was at the core of the interventions I made at the conference  on Syria that I attended in Paris just a few days ago, and it is also very important in relation to the changes to sanctions that my right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary set out.
What steps he is taking to increase diplomatic co-operation with his European counterparts.
The Prime Minister, the Foreign Secretary, the Minister for the Cabinet Office and I are engaging extensively with European counterparts, including through the Prime Minister’s attendance of a European Council meeting for the first time since Brexit.
We are working closely with European allies, and are calling for increased defence spending and support for Ukraine.
This deeper engagement has already delivered results on growth and security, including a landmark defence and migration agreement with Germany.
The Thames valley is one of the most important economic zones in this country.
At a recent meeting that I held with the business leaders of the Thames Valley chamber of commerce, the overwhelming message was that Brexit has been a disaster for business, and that Boris Johnson and the Tories did them dirty.
Will the Minister commit to correcting that wrong, and start negotiations to join a European Union customs union?
We have been very clear that we do not seek to rejoin the customs union, but our co-operation is already delivering results, particularly in relation to growth and business.
We recently secured a £250 million Czech investment in Rolls-Royce small modular nuclear reactors, and a further £600 million investment by Polish firm InPost in its UK operations, and as I have said, we have also signed deals on migration with Serbia, Kosovo, Slovenia and Slovakia.