As I said in my original answer, we will not comment on future sanctions, as to do so could reduce their impact.
Many people in my constituency are passionate about resolving the situation between Israel and Palestine, and there are concerns that violence in the west bank has increased and illegal settlements have continued to expand.
Does the Minister agree that if he also wants to see a reduction in settler violence, we should be considering sanctioning those settlements?
I am seriously concerned by the expansion of Israel’s operations in the west bank, and 40,000 Palestinians have reportedly been displaced.
Palestinians must be allowed home, civilians must be protected, and the destruction of civilian infrastructure minimised.
Stability is essential at this crucial time.
We recognise Israel’s security concerns, but it must show restraint and ensure that its operations are commensurate with the threat posed.
I refer to my previous answer on sanctions.
Israel has sent tanks to the west bank for the first time in 20 years, and some 40,000 Palestinians are being displaced from refugee camps there.
The very least that should be done to stop these contraventions of international law is to impose a ban on Israeli goods coming from illegal Israeli settlements, so I ask the Minister: is it now the time to do that?
We call for trade to be done in the proper way.
There are clear provisions around where Israeli goods are produced.
We do not recognise illegal settlements.
Produce must be properly labelled and there is clear advice to business on that basis.
The Government and their partners are doing important work to support the continuation of the fragile ceasefire in Gaza, but in the west bank, as well as increased settler attacks we have seen Israeli forces attack a Palestinian bookshop in east Jerusalem, UNRWA schools closed, tanks moving into refugee camps and the forced displacement of some 40,000 Palestinians.
What action are the Government taking to prevent the Gaza-isation of the west bank?
As I said in my previous answer, we are following events in the west bank closely.
Stability in the west bank is crucial to ensuring that the fragile ceasefire in Gaza can last.
All sides should work to ensure a lowering of tension in the west bank at this time.
It is in no one’s interest for further conflict and instability to spread in the west bank.
I call the Father of the House.
A week ago, I was in a Palestinian village with colleagues, including  the hon.
Member for Rochdale (Paul Waugh) .
We went to a school that had been demolished by illegal settlers.
Immediately, two punks turned up with sub-machine guns, intimidating us—that is happening all over the place.
We went to Hebron.
It is completely closed down.
This is appalling.
The whole House should unite against the extremist Jewish settlers and the illegal settlements, because it is not in the interest of moderate Israeli opinion.
It is directly contrary to peace and we must fight this. [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”]
The Father of the House, my constituency neighbour, can hear the strong support for his remarks from Members on the Government Benches.
As the Father of the House just referenced, I was in Israel, on the west bank, last week, and two things became instantly clear.
There was widespread revulsion at the sickening desecration of the bodies of the Israeli hostages by Hamas, and there was widespread fear among Palestinians, particularly those in rural areas whom we met, who had first-hand experience of their children having stones thrown at them by settlers, their neighbours having their cars torched and their own windscreens being smashed every night.
Will the Minister reassure us that those extremist settlers will be dealt with really thoroughly in our foreign policy?
My hon.
Friend sets out some of the horrific scenes that have come out of Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories in recent weeks.