My thoughts continue to be with the hostages held in Gaza and the appalling suffering they and their families are facing.
The world has seen the brutality inflicted by the Iranian-sponsored terrorists, Hamas, who are a major obstacle to bringing about a sustainable and just peace in the middle east.
The Foreign Secretary has previously agreed that there cannot be any future whatsoever for Hamas controlling Gaza.
Can he provide an update on the actions he has undertaken to put an end to Hamas control and ensure we get to the third phase of the ceasefire?
Will he discuss this issue when he goes to America with the Prime Minister to meet the President of the United States?
I can confirm that I discussed this issue with Ron Dermer from the Israeli Government last week.
I discussed this issue with Arab leaders—the so-called Quint—the week before.
In the end, we cannot have a Gaza run by Hamas.
All roads lead back to Hamas.
I think the world has looked with horror at the scenes of armed men wearing bandanas, seeming to glorify murder and hostages who have been held.
Of course, we will act with international colleagues to make sure that Hamas have no role to play in the future of Gaza.
What progress his Department has made on tackling HIV and AIDS globally.
Investments in the Global Fund, Unitaid, UNAIDS—the Joint UN Programme on HIV/AIDS—the World Health Organisation and others have helped to cut new HIV infections by 60% since 1995 and AIDS-related deaths by 69% since 2004.
I was pleased to meet HIV-positive activists in Parliament recently and to be videoed while undertaking a quick and easy HIV test.
Together, we can eradicate HIV/AIDS.
The Minister is aware that PEPFAR—the US President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief—is the largest and most successful global health programme and has saved 25 million lives.
It has been advised that freezing PEPFAR will result in 228,000 fewer HIV tests being carried out daily.
UNAIDS predicts that 6.3 million AIDS-related deaths will occur if PEPFAR lacks funding for the next five years.
Can the Minister ensure that the Foreign Office includes HIV in all international discussions, especially at the G7 in Canada this year?
Tests and treatment are critical.
I am pleased that the Prime Minister recently announced that, together with South Africa, the UK will co-host the eighth replenishment of the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria.
The Global Fund is the leading financier of the global fight against HIV/AIDS, and we will work with Canada to draw attention at the G7 to the importance of the Global Fund replenishment.
What details can the Minister give us about the financing that will be given to the Global Fund?
More importantly, there is a rumour that official development assistance is going to  be cut from 0.5% to 0.2%, to cover an increase in defence spending.
Can the Minister confirm whether that is the case?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to raise the importance of funding for global health.
Of course, this is not just important for those directly impacted; it is important for us here in our country, because we know that diseases do not respect borders.
I set out a few moments ago the fact that the Prime Minister is committed to that Global Fund replenishment, and rightly so.
What assessment he has made of the effectiveness of steps taken by the British Virgin Islands to tackle illicit finance.
The overseas territories, including the British Virgin Islands, work to uphold international standards on tax transparency and illicit finance and enforce UK sanctions.
The overseas territories agreed to implement corporate registers that are accessible at least to those with legitimate interest by June 2025.
We are aware of BVI’s public consultation on its register and are working with it to improve its proposal.