Will my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister convey to President Trump and our American allies the anxieties of our European allies and the need to strengthen our transatlantic NATO alliance at this perilous time for Europe, and does he agree that he can be the person to take the lead on defence and security matters in Europe, coalescing with our NATO allies?
Order.
I say gently to the hon.
Gentleman that I know he has a lot to say, but I have a lot of Members to get in, including other party leaders.
I do agree that our alliances are important, and that is why NATO is the bedrock of our approach.
It has been for many, many years and will continue to be.
I do accept that European allies and the UK have to step up and do more.
In our heart of hearts, I think across this House we have known that this moment was coming for the last three years.
We have put that plan before the House, and of course, I will do everything I can to strengthen the alliance and the relationship between the US and the UK.
It is a special relationship.
It is a strong relationship.
I want it to go from strength to strength.
I call the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
I thank the Prime Minister for advance sight of his statement.
Three years ago, Putin began his brutal full-scale invasion of Ukraine, and as we watched Russian missiles rain down on Ukrainian cities, we feared he might have struck a decisive blow to Ukraine and its sovereignty, yet Putin underestimated the strength of the ideals we share with our Ukrainian friends of democracy, truth and liberty.
He underestimated the courage and grit of Ukrainian soldiers, who have spent three years heroically resisting Putin’s war machine.
Britain stood together with our allies in support of Ukraine, and families up and down the country opened their doors wide for Ukrainian refugees, because we know that Ukraine’s fight for democracy and liberty is our fight, too.
In this House, we stood strong together, and yet three years on, the future of Ukraine and security in Europe seems even more perilous.
Then, Washington was clearly on our side, but now, the United States is voting with Russia, Belarus and North Korea in the United Nations.
President Trump labels President Zelensky a “dictator”, but not Vladimir Putin.
After the second world war, Britain came together with allies around the world to establish NATO and, with America, agreed to underwrite security on this continent, recognising that a threat to the security of one nation was a threat to the security of all nations.
The events of the past few days are clear: that era is over.
We may be watching before our very eyes the betrayal of our Ukrainian allies by America, and with it, the potential betrayal of Europe and of Britain, too.
We must respond.
Now it is up to the United Kingdom to lead in Europe.
As a nation, we must seize this moment.
It is for our national interest that Liberal Democrats have supported the Prime Minister’s proposals on Ukraine, including British troops joining a reassurance mission in Ukraine if a just settlement is reached.
That is why we strongly support the Prime Minister raising defence spending to 2.5%, preferably using seized Russian assets to pay for extra defence support for Ukraine.
We will scrutinise all aspects of the Government’s spending plans carefully, but I hope that moving at pace to 2.5% means that Ministers will shortly announce the reversal of the Conservatives’ short-sighted cut of 10,000 troops from our armed forces.
The Prime Minister is right: we must go further, so will he initiate talks between all parties in this House to establish the vital consensus needed to take us to spending 3% of GDP on defence as soon as possible?