That is why we strongly support the Prime Minister raising defence spending to 2.5%, preferably using seized Russian assets to pay for extra defence support for Ukraine.
We will scrutinise all aspects of the Government’s spending plans carefully, but I hope that moving at pace to 2.5% means that Ministers will shortly announce the reversal of the Conservatives’ short-sighted cut of 10,000 troops from our armed forces.
The Prime Minister is right: we must go further, so will he initiate talks between all parties in this House to establish the vital consensus needed to take us to spending 3% of GDP on defence as soon as possible?
The Prime Minister will know that for months, we Liberal Democrats have urged the Government to seize frozen Russian assets, which amount to over £20 billion, and repurpose those funds for Ukraine’s defence.
Will he take immediate steps to gather European leaders and begin the seizure of Russian assets, so that we can support Ukraine no matter what America does?
Will he, on his trip to Washington, try to persuade President Trump to do the same—to make Russia pay?
The Prime Minister will know that the whole country will be willing him on, hoping that he might be able to persuade Donald Trump to change his mind on Ukraine.
We on the Liberal Democrat Benches think he is right to try, but should that not work, will he be clear where the United Kingdom then stands?
Will he make it clear that, if absolutely necessary, it will be with Ukraine and our European allies, not Putin and Trump?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his support on Ukraine; it has been steadfast, and it has been across this House.
For the same reasons that I gave to the Leader of the Opposition, that is important not just here but to those in Ukraine.
We do need to step up and lead in Europe—we have been saying that for a very long time.
All European countries need to do more, and now is the moment to do so, but we need to do that together with the US, because what is needed more than anything is a lasting peace.
A ceasefire that simply gives Putin the chance to regroup and to go again is in nobody’s interest.
A lasting peace means that we must talk about issues such as security guarantees.
We are prepared to play our part, as I have indicated, but I have also indicated that to be a security guarantee, it requires a US backstop—US support for that security guarantee.
That is at the heart of the case I have been making for some time.
As the right hon.
Gentleman knows, of the assets that have been seized already, the interest on those of £3 billion has already been committed to Ukraine, and  we are working with our European allies to see what more can be done in relation to the funding that will be necessary.
Stepping up means stepping up on capability, on co-ordination and on funding, which is what we have done today with this statement.
I call the Chair of the Treasury Committee.
I warmly welcome the Prime Minister’s statement and this strong commitment to defence spending.
I welcome as well the work being done with the Chancellor and the Defence Secretary on ensuring that we get as much value as we can for each pound spent on delivering capability.
Will the Prime Minister reaffirm his commitment to the parliamentary scrutiny of that spending, including on the most sensitive areas?
Yes, of course; it is extremely important, and my hon.
Friend knows that well.
She is absolutely right to say that we must get value for money.
This is a huge increase in defence spending.