It is a system that will drive forward all our missions.
It will help us fix our NHS, create clean energy and deliver safer streets.
Skills are the fuel that will drive a decade of national renewal, which is vital for our plan for change.
That is why earlier this month we unveiled our plans to help thousands more apprentices to qualify every year.
That means more people with the right skills in high-demand sectors from social care to construction and beyond.
We have listened to what businesses have told us.
We will shorten the minimum length of apprenticeships and put employers in charge of decisions on English and maths requirements for adults.
Last November, the Government announced £140 million of investment in homebuilding skills hubs.
Once fully up to speed, the hubs will deliver more than 5,000 fast-track apprenticeships a year, helping to build the extra homes that the people of this country desperately need.
We are driving change for our skills system, and Skills England is leading the charge.
It will assess the skills needed on the ground regionally and nationally now and in the years to come.
Where skills evolve rapidly and where new and exciting technologies are accelerating from AI to clean energy, Skills England will be ready to give employers the fast and flexible support they need.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What assessment he has made of the potential implications for his policies of President Trump’s proposal to move Palestinians from Gaza to neighbouring Arab states.
We do not support forced displacement of Palestinians or any reduction in the territory of the Gaza strip.
Palestinians must be able to live and prosper in the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
That is why it is essential that we work together to ensure that all aspects of the ceasefire are implemented and that it becomes permanent.
It is very sad that the past month has marked a new and horrifying phase in the long history of attempts to ethnically cleanse the Palestinian people from their homeland.
President Trump’s recent comments calling for Palestinians to be expelled from their homes in Gaza, in order for the US to take over the land, along with his failure to rule out Israeli annexation of the west bank, constitute the most explicit denial of the Palestinian people’s right to self-determination by any US Administration to date.
Will the Foreign Secretary therefore condemn President Trump’s remarks and set out what action the UK Government are taking to prevent further forced displacement of the Palestinian people?
This House has watched with horror the loss of life in the Gaza strip particularly and the plight of the hostages held in bunkers under Gaza.
The US played a pivotal role, and all credit should go to President Trump for brokering that negotiated ceasefire agreement.
I am thankful for the role that the Israeli Government, Qatar and Egypt played in getting to that ceasefire.
It is our belief, and this is a cross-party belief, that there should be a negotiated two-state solution: a sovereign Palestinian state, which includes, of course, the west bank and Gaza, alongside a safe and secure Israel.
I have just been out in the middle east with the Conservative Friends of Israel—I put that on the record before I ask my question.
Given Emily Damari’s personal testimony to the Prime Minister that she was held at United Nations Relief and Works Agency facilities in Gaza during the conflict, and that her captors refused her access to medical treatment, does the Foreign Secretary stand by the Government’s decision to restart sending UK taxpayers’ money to UNRWA when Hamas terrorists were holding British hostages at its facilities, and when it has been crystal clear for months that UNRWA had many members of Hamas in its ranks, including people involved in the  7 October  terrorist attacks, who have held hostages ever since?