On top of the funding of 2.5% that I have just announced, we will recognise the incredible contribution of our intelligence and security services to the defence of our nation, which means that, taken together, we will be spending 2.6% on our defence from 2027.
We must go further still.
I have long argued that in the face of ongoing and generational challenges, all European allies must step up and do more for our own defence.
Subject to economic and fiscal conditions, and aligned with our strategic and operational needs, we will also set a clear ambition for defence spending to rise to 3% of GDP in the next Parliament.
I want to be very clear: the nature of warfare has changed significantly.
That is clear from the battlefield in Ukraine, so we must modernise and reform our capabilities as we invest.
I equally want to be very clear that, like any other investment we make, we must seek value for money.
That is why we are putting in place a new defence reform and efficiency plan, jointly led by my right hon.
Friends the Chancellor and the Defence Secretary.
This investment means that the UK will strengthen its position as a leader in NATO and in the collective defence of our continent, and we should welcome that role.
It is good for our national security.
It is also good for this Government’s defining mission to restore growth to our economy, and we should be optimistic about what it can deliver in those terms.
But, in the short term, it can only be funded through hard choices.
In this case, that means we will cut our spending on development assistance, moving from 0.5% of GNI today to 0.3% in 2027, fully funding our increased investment in defence.
I want to be clear to the House that this is not an announcement that I am happy to make.
I am proud of our pioneering record on overseas development, and we will continue to play a key humanitarian role in Sudan, Ukraine and Gaza, tackling climate change and supporting multinational efforts on global health and challenges like vaccination.
In recent years, the development budget was redirected towards asylum backlogs, paying for hotels, so as we are clearing that backlog at a record pace, there are efficiencies that will reduce the need to cut spending on our overseas programmes.
None the less, it remains a cut, and I will not pretend otherwise.
We will do everything we can to return to a world where that is not the case and to rebuild a capability on development.
But at times like this, the defence and security of the British people must always come first.
That is the No.
1 priority of this Government.
But it is not just about spending; our whole approach to national security must now change.
We will have to ask British industry, British universities, British businesses and the British people to play a bigger part, and to use this to renew the social contract of our nation—the rights and responsibilities that we owe one another.
The first test of our defence policy is of course whether it keeps our country safe, but the second should be whether it improves the conditions of the British people.
Does it help provide the economic security that working people need?
Because, ultimately, as Attlee and Bevin knew, that is fundamental to national security as well.
We will use this investment as an opportunity.
We will translate defence spending into British growth, British jobs, British skills and British innovation.
We will use the full powers of the Procurement Act 2023 to rebuild our industrial base.
As the strategic defence review is well under way, and across Government we are conducting a number of other reviews relevant to national security, it is obvious that those reviews must pull together.