We recognise its horrific impacts and the ongoing strength of feeling, but there have been no such discussions.
As the Foreign Secretary made clear to the Foreign Affairs Committee after the Commonwealth Heads of Government meeting,
“There was no discussion about reparation and money.
The Prime Minister and I were absolutely clear that we will not be making cash transfers and payments to the Caribbean”.
We are focused on working with our Caribbean partners to tackle the most pressuring challenges of today and the future, including security, growth and climate change.
Last week saw the 38th ordinary session of the African Union Assembly of Heads of State and Government, the topic of which was “Justice for Africans and people of African descent through reparations”.
Caribbean Heads of State were also present, and we know that the Caribbean Community, or CARICOM, has long engaged in discussions on reparative justice.
Whether or not we participate in these discussions, they will continue to happen.
Does the Minister accept that the world and its power structures are changing?
In our turbulent post-Brexit reality, we need allies and friends, but we will not even say that we are sorry.
We would be foolish to think that we are not deeply resented for that.
Is it not better for the UK to engage in these discussions and ensure that we play a constructive role in addressing the enduring legacies of slavery and colonialism?
We recognise that this is an issue of enduring concern to many.
We listen to views from our Caribbean partners on the full range of bilateral issues, but our policy on reparations is clear: we do not pay them.
We are determined to work together for the future.
A quick question: to what extent do the Government support CARICOM’s 10-point plan for reparatory justice?
As I just stated, our policy on reparations is clear: we do not pay them.
What steps he is taking with his international counterparts to help de-escalate the conflict in Sudan.
Ending the conflict in Sudan is a personal priority for me.
I recently visited the Adré border with the Chadian Foreign Minister to increase international attention on Sudan, and to meet Sudanese civilians who are bearing the brunt of this crisis.
I am happy to announce that I will convene Foreign Ministers in London in April, around the second anniversary of the outbreak of the civil war in Sudan, to foster international consensus on a path to ending the conflict.
I thank the Foreign Secretary for all that he is doing.
As in so many conflicts, the discourse about this brutal Sudanese war is being fuelled by external actors with economic and mineral interests in  Sudan, and with interests in wider geopolitical agitation, such as Russia; Egypt, with its support for the Sudanese Armed Forces; and the UAE, with its support for the Rapid Support Forces.
There is also the wider user of mercenaries.
What further steps can the Foreign Secretary take to use our leverage, not least our trading leverage, to ensure that actors are not fuelling this horrendous war and humanitarian crisis?
My hon.
Friend will be pleased to hear that I raised these issues in my contribution at the G20.
I had a lengthy discussion with Amina Mohammed of the United Nations, with the Foreign Minister of Angola, and with President Ramaphosa on the situation in Sudan.
I am looking forward to convening this conference in London, and working with the French and the African Union.
We continue to emphasise, with all international partners, the importance of refraining from actions that prolong the conflict.
The Foreign Secretary indicated that he would engage in further discussions, along with the African Union.