When Kelly’s partner, Jordan, died suddenly in 2020, she went from planning their future to planning her fiancé’s funeral.
Shortly after she gave birth to their daughter, Kelly’s battle began to prove that Jordan was the father.
As Kelly said, he had wanted
“nothing more out of his life than to have kids”,
so she was determined that his name would be on Maisie’s birth certificate.
Kelly used a C63 form to apply for a declaration of parentage through the family courts, which comes with an immediate cost of £365.
While having to provide DNA from Jordan’s mother and paying out hundreds of pounds in legal fees, Kelly was also asked demeaning questions, such as whether she had had any other partners.
After fighting for two years, Kelly received a birth certificate for her daughter Maisie with Jordan’s name on it.
She now keeps 12 copies of it around the house and one in her purse at all times.
Orlanda and her partner Julian were on holiday when he unexpectedly collapsed.
Just a day after discovering they were expecting a baby girl, Julian died from a heart attack.
When the registrar told Orlanda that Julian would not be named on her daughter’s birth certificate, she said it felt as if he had been “ripped from our history”.
Her process through the courts took two years and four hearings.
Many of the judges she encountered had never even come across a situation like hers, and she was often asked at hearings if Julian would be attending.
As an ambassador for Widowed and Young, Orlanda says she is determined to make things easier for women who follow in her path.
Let me turn to Sophie, who is still in the midst of this torturous process.
The sudden death of her partner Lawrence while she was pregnant with their daughter Kinley turned her world upside down.
Despite their having two children together, and Lawrence being legally registered as the father of both, Sophie was told that Lawrence would not be registered as Kinley’s father.
She was devastated.
Registering their son together in 2016 was one of Lawrence’s proudest moments.
As Sophie said,
“he will always be her dad”,
and he should be recognised as such.
Sophie entered the uphill battle of amending the birth certificate, and was bounced between Departments and advisers until someone at the Children and Family Court Advisory and Support Service intervened on her behalf.
Her hearing is at the magistrates court on  3 July  and will hopefully bring her some closure on this issue.
Sophie said the experience has been
“exhausting, confusing and emotionally draining.”
I add my personal thanks to the women who join us today for sharing their brave stories, and for allowing me to share them with the House.
Kelly, Orlanda and Sophie’s stories show how traumatic and unnecessarily complex the process is.
Widowed and Young estimates that this issue affects as many as 200 women each year.
While the women who join us  today have persevered through the family courts, many mothers will give up out of frustration, leaving that blank space on their child’s birth certificate.
The system for registering births is governed by section 10 of the Births and Deaths Registration Act 1953 and section 55A of the Family Law Act 1986, which make provision for those requiring a declaration of parentage.
Neither of those Acts provide for the specific circumstances in which one parent is deceased and a child is born outside of marriage.
A declaration of parentage is not intended to prove the paternity of a deceased partner, but rather to resolve disputed parenthood.
This legal framework is unfit for purpose.
When the Births and Deaths Registration Act became law in 1953, 95% of births registered in the UK were within a marriage.
That figure has reduced steadily ever since, and only half of children are now born within marriage.