However, I reassure her and other right hon.
and hon.
Members that the needs of rural, coastal and remote communities are very much in our mind—and, crucially, in the 10-year plan—and our thinking about how we build genuine neighbourhood health services in all types of neighbourhood.
What steps his Department plans to take to ensure mental health services are fully staffed in rural areas.
I know this is an important issue for the hon.
Member from the meeting we had about it last year.
This Government are supporting local providers by recruiting an additional 8,500 mental health workers by the end of this Parliament.
We are also expanding NHS talking therapies and piloting six new 24/7 neighbourhood mental health centres, including Hope Haven serving Whitehaven and rural Copeland.
I thank the Minister for his reply, but this month the Care Quality Commission found high levels of staff vacancies in the already understaffed psychiatric intensive care units and acute mental health wards in South Cumbria, concluding that this is putting patient safety “at risk”.
Yet, worryingly, the ICB in South Cumbria is making additional cuts of £142 million this year, with North Cumbria also making cuts.
In the light of that, what is his plan to intervene to ensure that mental health staffing in Cumbria is increased to safe levels?
I thank the hon.
Member for that.
There is no doubt that the NHS, universities and others need to do more to get students, trainees and qualified doctors and mental health specialists in places where  the NHS and patients need them.
We will publish a refreshed workforce plan later this year to ensure that the NHS has the right people in the right places to care for patients when they need it.
The SNP has cut mental health services across Scotland, while failing to recruit the necessary workforce in rural communities such as those in Stirling and Strathallan.
What assessment has the Department made of how devolved mismanagement of mental health services is affecting outcomes for patients in rural Scotland?
If we were to make an assessment of the way in which the SNP has mismanaged its responsibilities in Scotland we would be here for a very long time.
I am not sure I can answer my hon.
Friend’s question in the round, but I am sure that colleagues from the SNP will be welcoming the record investment that the UK Government have made in Scotland.
I am certainly looking forward to the improved outcomes that they will be delivering as a result.
What recent steps he has taken to support the health of the elderly.
The spending review announced increases in NHS spending alongside more money for adult social care.
By investing in DEXA scanners, we can more rapidly treat conditions such as osteoporosis, which particularly affect elderly women.
Our urgent and emergency care plan promotes falls prevention technology for longer independent living and fewer hospital admissions.
GPs are now incentivised to improve continuity of care, benefiting patients with long-term conditions.
I thank the Minister for his reply, but as the Secretary of State knows only too well, my borough of Havering contains one of the highest numbers of elderly people in the entire London region, yet Queen’s hospital in Romford remains chronically underfunded, overstretched and struggling to meet the growing healthcare needs of an ageing community.
Will the Minister commit today to the serious investment that Queen’s hospital so desperately requires to ensure better health outcomes for older people across Romford?
I carefully note the fact that the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, who is sitting next to me, has an interest in this issue, so I will tread very carefully with my answer.
I understand that the hon.
Gentleman has discussed this matter with the Minister for Secondary Care.
The North East London health and care partnership integrated care board is responsible for delivery, implementation and funding decisions for local services, but the hon.