I know that my hon.
Friend will ensure that she and the group she talks about keep an eye on that, and that she will work with them.
I am happy to keep working with her on how we best support ICBs to improve their local offer.
I have raised with Ministers before my concerns about the closure of St Mark’s walk-in urgent care centre in Maidenhead.
Frimley ICB has confirmed yet again that it will not reopen the centre, against the will of the majority of Maidenhead residents.
Will the Secretary of State meet me and local campaigners to see how we can finally get St Mark’s walk-in centre back open after five years of closure?
I know that the hon.
Gentleman’s constituents will have noted, through his representations as a constituency MP, that he could not have fought harder to save that service.
We devolve these sorts of decisions to ICBs, in order that they make decisions closer to the communities that they serve, with the conviction that those sorts of decisions are better taken locally than centralised in Whitehall.
I understand the case that he makes, but having given ICBs a challenge, resources and freedom, we Ministers must resist the temptation to meddle every time they make decisions that they believe are right for the community, even if those decisions are controversial.
Will the Minister look into minimising the pain of patients going through hysteroscopy and biopsy procedures by requesting that medical professionals fully brief them on anaesthetics and pain relief in advance of procedures to ensure that they can plan accordingly?
My hon.
Friend raises an important question.
We are committed to improving women’s experience of gynaecological procedures, including hysteroscopies.
Women should be provided with information prior to their procedure so that they can make an informed decision about the procedure and pain relief options, including local or general anaesthetic.
He will probably make further representations, which we will certainly look at.
One of the ways in which the Secretary of State has reduced the waiting list is by turbocharging the use of the private sector since January, meaning that half a million people have been treated in irreducible spare capacity.
Has that experience elicited any learnings that the Secretary of State is able to take into the wider reform agenda for the NHS?
Absolutely: the NHS always does better under a Labour Government.
Barking community hospital in my constituency has been providing antenatal services to mothers in Barking for many years, and women also use its services to give birth.
I was therefore really disappointed when I heard last week that the maternity birthing unit is likely to close.
Many in my community are deeply concerned.
They are being redirected to Newham hospital, which the Care Quality Commission has rated as “requires improvement”.
Women deserve to give birth in a safe clinical environment.
Will Ministers ensure that additional attention and resources are provided to Newham hospital, so that it improves its standards and my constituents who are being redirected to give birth there can do so in a safe clinical space?
Making sure that women are giving birth safely is the ultimate priority and the least that women deserve.
I understand my hon.
Friend’s anxiety about this reconfiguration, and she is right to raise that with the ICB in the first instance.
We are happy to meet her as Ministers, too.
The crucial thing is that the services are configured and delivered in a way that prioritises the safety of women and their babies.
In March, the Minister for Care told me that no decision could be taken on a new dental school at the University of East Anglia until the spending review settlement was known.
Now that we know it, will he instruct the Office for Students to allocate new training places at the UEA from 2026?
The spending review has just been published.