Through our plan for change, I have announced that the NHS will also be at the forefront of the revolution in life sciences.
Through the NHS app, patients will be linked up with relevant trials to boost our life sciences sector, generate investment for the NHS and develop the medicines of the future.
It is nearly four years since Professor Sir Chris Whitty published his striking report on health in coastal communities.
Covid inevitably delayed implementation, so will the Secretary of State look again at that report, deliver on the chief medical officer’s recommendations and ensure that my constituents in Bridlington and The Wolds can access the health services that they need?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to commend Sir Chris Whitty’s report.
We have taken that into consideration, as well as the wider consultation we did in preparation for our 10-year plan for health, which will commit to tackling the gross health inequalities that affect our country, particularly in rural and coastal communities.
Will the  Secretary of State join me in welcoming the recent NHS waiting list figures that show that the Worcestershire acute hospitals NHS trust has seen a fall of over 6,000 since this Government came into office?
Does he agree that progress like this shows that, in partnership with our hard-working NHS staff, we can be the generation that takes the NHS from the worst crisis in its history to the NHS that people deserve?
I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend.
It is thanks to the fact that his constituents sent him to this House of Commons that we have a Labour Government able to deliver, with him, for his community.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
May I, through the Secretary of State, pass on my best wishes to the Under-Secretary of State for Health and Social Care,  the hon.
Member for West Lancashire  (Ashley Dalton) ?
In front of the Health and Social Care Committee in January, NHS England’s then chief financial officer set out that pretty much all the additional funding to the NHS last year would be absorbed by pay rises, national insurance contributions and inflation.
What proportion of the latest additional funding will be absorbed in the same way?
First, I just do not buy the argument that investing in our staff is somehow not investing in the NHS.
Who on earth do the Opposition think provides the treatment, delivers the care, organises the clinics and delivers the services?
Even in this great new world of technology, the NHS will always be a people-based service and I am proud that this is a Government who deliver for staff.
We are also waging war on waste, and that is how we can deliver fair pay for staff and improve care for patients.
If only the Conservatives had done that when they had the chance.
The right hon.
Gentleman could not answer that question, but hopefully we will get a more positive response to this one.
I recently had the privilege of meeting Dr Susan Michaelis and her husband Tristan, who have set up the Lobular Moon Shot Project, which large numbers of Members of all parties across the House have backed.
They are seeking £20 million over five years—a tiny sum in the context of the overall NHS budget—to research lobular breast cancer, which Susan is currently battling, to help improve outcomes.
Her immediate ask is even simpler: it is for the Secretary of State to meet her in person to discuss the campaign and its aims.
He is a decent man.
Will he agree to do that?
I thank the shadow Secretary of State for his question and, even more importantly, I thank the amazing campaigners for what they are doing.
This is probably the easiest question he is ever going to ask me.
The answer is, of course, an emphatic yes.