Lots has been done, but there is much more to do.
The Minister for Secondary Care recently visited my constituency and saw the pressures that Newham hospital A&E was under.
That is partly due to the pressures left by the previous Conservative Government, and partly due to capacity issues resulting from a massive growth in population in the borough.
Further pressures will come as we regenerate the massive areas of brownfield site in the Royal Docks.
Can the Secretary of State reassure my constituents that, as well as the excellent work being done on day-to-day capacity, we will be looking at infrastructure over the longer term to make sure that we are not only dealing with the growth that we have had, but future-proofing for the population growth to come?
I know that my hon.
Friend the Minister for Secondary Care enjoyed her visit, and I thank the staff at Newham hospital for the work they do, which also benefits my constituents.
We need to make sure that we are supporting hospitals across our country to meet need, because we are part of a wider ecosystem—I noticed that that point was also powerfully made by  the hon.
Member for Romford (Andrew Rosindell)  in his question.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for West Ham and Beckton (James Asser)  is right to raise increasing demand and pressures, which is why we will shortly publish our 10-year plan for health.
I am happy to report that Whipps Cross and Newham hospitals have also been provisionally allocated £28 million this year to improve buildings and estates.
The Government continue to claim that they wish to expand community diagnostic centres to speed up scanning and treatment of patients and therefore reduce demand on the likes of A&E. If that is the case, why are they cutting the revenue tariffs that were available to the community diagnostic centres under the previous Conservative Government, which has already impacted the financial viability of the CDCs and access for patients?
I think the hon.
Gentleman will find that, since this Government came to power, we have reduced the size of NHS waiting lists by a quarter of a million.
NHS waiting lists are coming down—latest figures show that this is the first time in 17 years that waiting lists have fallen in the month of April—so we are making progress, not least thanks to the investment that we are putting into community diagnostic centres.
The hon.
Gentleman has some brass neck to complain about NHS services under this Government, when we are cleaning up the mess that the previous Government left behind.
It would also help to extend the hours at Chorley A&E.
Whether his Department has made an assessment of the effectiveness of the ban on the use of sunbeds by under-18s.
The Sunbeds (Regulation) Act 2010 banned the use of commercial sunbeds for under-18s, requiring businesses to prevent under-age use.
The Department has commissioned the Committee on Medical Aspects of Radiation in the Environment to review the Act, including the effectiveness of the under-18 ban.
According to Cancer Research UK, 86% of melanoma skin cancer cases are preventable.
My constituent Charlotte, who has stage 4 melanoma, is leading a campaign alongside Melanoma Focus to get better enforcement for the ban on sunbeds for under-18s and to stop the use of harmful melanotan II products such as tanning nasal sprays and injections.
For under-35s, just one session on the sunbed is enough UV exposure to increase the risk of melanoma to 59%.
Prevention is better than cure.
Will the Minister meet us to discuss the effectiveness of the ban and preventive measures such as access to free sunscreen at events?
As someone who was diagnosed myself with an earlier stage melanoma, I really commend the work of my hon.
Friend’s constituent.
I never used sunbeds and I spent holidays in my youth in Ireland, so I never saw much sun either—sorry to the Irish tourism board.