These machines are game changing and will reduce the number of visits for his constituents.
They are also  more reliable, which gives more capacity to the system.
That is better for staff, as there will be less appointment cancellations.
That is exactly the sort of thing we want to see more of, and we are delivering that under this Government.
It is the result of our drive to reduce long waits and treat more people quicker.
That was reinforced in last week’s spending review, and it is exactly what his constituents deserve.
Early diagnosis of less survivable cancers is vital if survival rates are to improve.
What assessment has the Department made of the report by the all-party parliamentary group on less survivable cancers that looks at earlier detection and faster diagnosis, and what steps are the Department taking to deliver on this?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight that issue.
I commend her great work not just on the APPG but on leading the Health and Social Care Committee on behalf of its Chair,  the hon.
Member for Oxford West and Abingdon (Layla Moran) .
She is right to highlight that it is a priority for the Government to diagnose cancers earlier and improve survival rates.
That is particularly important for the group of people with rare cancers.
The APPG’s report will inform the development of our national cancer plan, which will seek to include all aspects of care throughout the entirety of the cancer pathway.
Part of a successful cancer journey is swift cancer treatment as well as swift diagnosis.
My constituent Catherine was diagnosed last year with stage 3 breast cancer.
She had a mastectomy and went through chemotherapy.
She was then meant to begin a course of radiotherapy in December, but as of May that still had not begun.
What can the Department do to ensure that those unacceptable delays do not happen and lives can be saved?
Many hon.
Members across the House rightly highlight the actual experience of people throughout the entire pathway.
We have heard about the investment we are making in machines and in staff to ensure, on exactly this point, that people get not just that faster diagnosis—that is so important, particularly if cancer is ruled out—but faster care across the entire pathway.
The majority of people on waiting lists are on them for diagnostics, which is exactly why we are investing more in capital and investing in staff to ensure that the process is quicker and better for patients.
If the hon.
Member wants to write to me about any particular issues, I will obviously respond to her.
Every 17 minutes, someone in Yorkshire is told that they have cancer.
Tomorrow, I will be launching a report for Yorkshire Cancer Research, which is based in my constituency, that will set out key recommendations.
Will the Minister meet us to talk about how we can feed them into the national cancer plan?
The work that the hon.
Member is doing locally with that group is essential.
I will ensure that we have a good response for him, whether it is meeting me or a colleague.
What steps he is taking to shift care from hospitals into the community.
We are getting the NHS back on its feet and making it fit for the future by shifting care to the community with £889 million more for GPs, 1,700 additional frontline GPs, 700,000 extra urgent dental appointments annually and a 19% uplift to the community pharmacy contract.
Looking to the future, our commitment to building a neighbourhood health service is right at the heart of our 10-year plan.
I am delighted by the Government’s commitment to moving healthcare closer to the community, including through the establishment of neighbourhood health centres.