The pharmacy access scheme provides £19 million to support pharmacies in areas with fewer pharmacies, including in rural areas, but funding must always come with reform.
Our hub and spoke legislation, if it is passed in the other place today, will allow pharmacies to streamline their dispensing processes, and it is a major step in the right direction in marrying reform with investment.
I recently visited Modbury pharmacy, where owner Phil Dawes highlighted the challenges facing small rural pharmacies.
He explained how the current funding model does not take into account the lower footfall and limited referral rates that are common in rural areas.
We know that if a pharmacy in a small market town closes, it can cause extreme difficulties for people to access advice and medicines, particularly where there is little or no public transport and they have to go a long way.
Will the Government consider introducing rural exceptions or adjusted funding thresholds so that we can keep community pharmacies open?
The pharmacy sector is facing huge challenges after massive cuts over the past 14 years.
We are beginning to rebuild, but the hon.
Lady is right that there are particular challenges for rural pharmacies.
We are looking at comprehensive reform in the pharmacy sector involving the better use of technology, hub and spoke dispensing, and a range of other options that would enable better remote dispensing for rural pharmacies.
I have visited pharmacies across my constituency.
They are all struggling to provide a service, but are all very keen to take on the new services that the NHS is suggesting.
Will the Minister commit to ensuring that rural and community pharmacies are properly staffed and equipped to deliver those community services, such as diabetes testing and weight management treatments, so that patients are not left behind just because of where they live?
The hon.
Lady is right that pharmacies will play a central role in the shift from hospital to community that we will be putting at the heart of our 10-year plan.
An important part of that, of course, is Pharmacy First.
The take-up of Pharmacy First is not what we would like it to be, so we are looking at options to increase awareness of Pharmacy First and to free up pharmacists to be able to operate at the top of their licence.
Part of that is about streamlining the dispensing side of what they do, and the hub and spoke legislation that I mentioned earlier will be really important in that context.
The Minister has spoken many times about the importance of shifting from hospital to the community.
I have visited many local pharmacies and met the chair of Community Pharmacy Nottinghamshire, seeing at first hand the important work they do to support communities in Mansfield.
Does the Minister agree that community pharmacies have a key role to play in that shift and could help to take pressure off GP surgeries?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right, and I commend him for the work he is doing in his constituency, including with pharmacies.
In many ways, what we want to see is a culture change, because the interface between general practice and community pharmacy is not where it should be.
We believe that pharmacists have a huge amount more to offer, but that requires a better digital interface and better information sharing—a single patient record.
That sort of vehicle will be really important for delivering some of those reforms.
I call the shadow Minister.
I am pleased to hear the Minister speak about Pharmacy First, which was brought forward by the previous Government and welcomed by communities, the public and the pharmacists.
Although I am pleased to see the Government continue it, why have they decided to cap the number of consultations that a pharmacist may do?
Part of that is about the financial arrangements for Pharmacy First, which need to be set at a level that incentivises pharmacists.