Can the Minister explain why doctors are being asked to make decisions for political reasons, instead of clinical ones?
I do not think any decisions are being made for political reasons—our medical and health staff are very much focused on doing the right thing from a clinical point of view.
The hon.
Lady raises an important point about continuity of care, with people constantly having to be re-referred into the system.
Part of the reason for that is the utter incompetence with which the previous Government managed our primary care system, which has resulted in people being passed from pillar to post, the additional roles reimbursement scheme not actually being about having GPs on the frontline, but about having other staff, which creates more friction in the system, and poorer continuity of care.
This Government are going to bring back the family doctor—that is the way to get our general practice back on its feet.
What steps his Department is taking to tackle wasteful spending in the NHS.
What steps his Department is taking to tackle wasteful spending in the NHS.
This Government are delivering record investment in our NHS, but that investment is drawn from taxpayers, and we have a responsibility to every taxpayer in the land—as well as to patients—to ensure that every single penny is well spent.
That is why that investment is matched with bold reform, so that we get as much value as possible for every penny.
The abolition of NHS England will slash duplication and unnecessary bureaucracy, and I am pleased to report to the House that we have slashed spending on agency staff by almost £1 billion compared with last year.
All those savings are being reinvested into frontline care.
From speaking to my local NHS trust in Gateshead, I know the value it places on driving costs down, but it still faces financial pressures.
Key among those are issues related to the digital capital gap.
We are really keen in Gateshead to improve that situation and to allow more people to access the NHS remotely.
Will the Secretary of State meet me and Gateshead NHS trust to talk about how we can tackle that?
I would be delighted to do so.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: we have to ensure that the NHS is not only benefiting from, but at the forefront of the revolution taking place in digital services and medical technology.
It is key to driving productivity and financial sustainability.
That is why, at the spending review, the Chancellor announced that we would invest up to £10 billion in NHS technology and digital transformation; unlike our predecessors, we will not raid tech budgets to plug shortfalls in day-to-day spending.
Just this month, we announced the modernisation of the NHS app, so that patients can receive test results and book appointments, saving £200 million in stamps, envelopes and letters.
I thank the Secretary of State for his earlier reply.
In Scotland, there are more quangos than MSPs.
After four years and £30 million of taxpayers’ cash down the drain, the SNP has scrapped its plans for  a national care service—its flagship policy—which was seen as a significant setback for Scottish social care reform, and now we have people going to the pub in chauffeur-driven ministerial cars.
Will the Secretary of State advise his Scottish counterpart on how to stop wasting Scottish taxpayers’ money?
Given the state of the NHS in Scotland, I suspect my counterpart needed to go and drown his sorrows.
The truth is that the longer the SNP is in government, the longer the NHS in Scotland is on the road to nowhere.
The SNP is now on its fifth health plan in four years.
Thanks to the decisions taken by the Chancellor, it is not just the NHS in England that is receiving record investment, but the Scottish Government.