At 10.30 on the Monday morning, journalists were invited to a reading room in Horse Guards Parade, where they were given access to the White Paper.
Section 8.11 of the “Ministerial Code” clearly states:
“where commercially sensitive material is involved, no copies should be made available to the media before publication.”
Thus, that was clearly a breach of the code.
However, there was an earlier sitting in the reading room, at 8 am, when we know the White Paper was also seen by members of defence companies, trade associations, academics, think-tanks and trade unionists, at the same  time that the markets were opening.
Mr Speaker, there is a possibility of insider trading.
The share price of Babcock, which would benefit from maintaining SSNs, leapt very early on after 8 am—
Order.
But, Mr Speaker—
No, no, no.
Please do not take advantage of the Chair.
Points of order are meant to be a little bit more punchy—they are not full-blown statements.
I take very seriously the points that have been made, and that is why I raised them myself at the time.
I am very grateful to the right hon.
Member for reiterating my words.
I have no responsibility for the ministerial code.
If the House so wishes, that needs to change, because unfortunately it makes a nonsense.
There is a ministerial code, but it is not being kept to as we would expect.
It is for this House to change the ministerial code if it wishes to do so, or I would be more than happy for the Government to change it if they cannot accept it, because we cannot have this continual breaking of the ministerial code.
It is appalling and it is unacceptable.
This is not a political point.
In the end, I am here to uphold the rights of Back Benchers.
Back Benchers should hear things first—if documents are to be given out, they should be given to MPs.
I am here to support MPs, but unfortunately in this particular area I do not have the power to do so.
I wish I had, because things would be different.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
I seek your advice.
Over the past few days, we have recognised Jo Cox’s murder.
Given the additional focus and the encouragement of the targeting of MPs using false information, can you advise us, as the person responsible for the safety of Members of Parliament, how we, as Members, should be behaving, both in the Chamber and online?
We will never discuss Members’ security on the Floor of the House.
If there are issues, Members should please come to see me privately.
Let me see what I can do to reassure Members, but I certainly do not want to open a debate, because I do not think that that would add to Members’ safety.
Please come and see me privately.
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No.
57 )
Peter Dowd, supported by Patrick Hurley, Kim Johnson, David Baines, Ian Byrne, Derek Twigg and Paula Barker presented a Bill to increase the minimum required height of guarding in multi-storey car parks; to make provision about the height of guarding in existing multi-storey car parks; to require 24 hour staffing of multi-storey car parks; and for connected purposes.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 4 July , and to be printed (Bill 264).
Motion for leave to bring in a Bill ( Standing Order No.
23 )
I beg to move,
That leave be given to bring in a Bill to make provision for the inclusion of a parent’s details on a child’s birth certificate where that parent has died before the birth of the child; and for connected purposes.
For the vast majority of parents, registering the birth of their child is a straightforward process.