The Darzi report pointed out that 13% of hospital beds are occupied by people who are fit for discharge but who cannot get out because social care is broken.
Lord Darzi said that we cannot fix the NHS until we fix social care.
It is nearly six months since the Secretary of State promised cross-party talks and a commission, but the talks were cancelled and never rescheduled and the commission is delayed.
Please, when will the Government stop going slow on social care?
Please, when can we all get around the table to talk about fixing social care so that everyone gets the care they deserve?
I have to correct the hon.
Lady: the commission is up and running, Baroness Casey has started meetings and she had a roundtable just a few weeks ago with people who have lived experience.
The hon.
Lady is therefore not correct on that point and I am sure that she will want to correct the record.
On the point about delayed discharge, the hon.
Lady is absolutely right.
We are reforming the better care fund to get much better interface between hospitals, care and local authorities.
That system and those relationships can and should work much better, but there are pressing, long-term challenges.
We are conscious of that and are working at pace with Baroness Casey to ensure that those reforms are delivered.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
As we have just heard, it is widely acknowledged that the crisis in social care is a cause of dangerously high occupancy rates in hospitals that lead to the horrors of corridor care, the dreadful ambulance waiting times that we have seen and a knock-on effect on the community.
When I was contacted by the family of a terminally ill man in Wem in my constituency last month, I was reminded that not only is care often provided in the wrong place, but it is often not available at all.
Will the Government bring forward the timeline for the horribly delayed Casey review to report back, get it done this year and heed Liberal Democrat calls for cross-party talks so that we can agree on a long-term solution for the crisis?
May I just tackle the idea that we are not working at pace on these issues?
We have had the unpaid carer’s uplift from £151 to £196, which is the biggest uplift in carer’s allowance since the 1970s when the policy was brought in; hundreds of millions of  pounds’ uplift in the disabled facilities grant; and groundbreaking legislation for a fair pay agreement for care workers.
Those are just some of the immediate steps that we have taken.
The first phase of the Casey review will report next year and we continue to work closely with Baroness Casey to deliver the reforms that are so desperately needed after 14 years of neglect, including a number of years when the Liberal Democrats were in government.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Waiting lists are at their lowest level for two years, we have taken almost a quarter of a million patients off waiting lists and for the first time in 17 years waiting lists were cut in April.
There is a long way to go, but this Government are finally putting the NHS on the road to recovery.
Through our plan for change, I have announced that the NHS will also be at the forefront of the revolution in life sciences.
Through the NHS app, patients will be linked up with relevant trials to boost our life sciences sector, generate investment for the NHS and develop the medicines of the future.
It is nearly four years since Professor Sir Chris Whitty published his striking report on health in coastal communities.