In March, the Minister for Care told me that no decision could be taken on a new dental school at the University of East Anglia until the spending review settlement was known.
Now that we know it, will he instruct the Office for Students to allocate new training places at the UEA from 2026?
The spending review has just been published.
The key now is to secure the allocations within the overall financial envelope.
That will take a matter of weeks, and I will be happy to report back to the hon.
Member once we have that clarity.
Between 2001 and 2011, the 15% health inequalities weighting in NHS allocations made a positive, measurable difference to the health of deprived people.
Unfortunately, it was cut to 10% in 2015.
With the spending review’s increase in funding to the NHS, when will the health inequalities weighting reach 15%?
I am really grateful to my hon.
Friend for her question.
She is right to highlight the importance of funding following inequalities to redress that imbalance.
I think she will be pleased with where we are with the 10-year plan for health, and I would be delighted to meet her to discuss it.
People in East Devon have been told that they must now travel to Exeter for audiology services that they previously received at their local community hospital.
What steps are the Government taking to encourage new providers to restore accessible audiology services?
That has been a running theme this morning, which will not be lost on Ministers.
We will ensure, as we deliver neighbourhood health services, that people can receive care closer to home, wherever   they live.
We have heard that message loud and clear today, and I think the hon.
Member will see that priority reflected in our 10-year plan for health.
I declare an interest, as my brother is a GP.
When my residents are able to get a GP appointment, they are frustrated when they are sent halfway across the borough to a different surgery from the one they are registered with by their primary care network.
Can we address that, and is it part of our proposals in the new GP contract?
We do want to put GPs at the heart of neighbourhood health services, and we want people to have care close to home.
There are benefits to primary care working at scale, so I would not want to criticise them for doing that.
The important thing is different courses for different horses.
Some of us are much more mobile, more active and more online and would welcome that flexibility.
For others, continuity of care that is close to home, or indeed in their home, is important.
It is important that people get the right care, in the right place, at the right time, wherever they live, and that is what we will deliver.
I am grateful for the consideration the Secretary of State has already given to finding a fairer and more effective way of compensating those injured by a covid vaccination, but he knows that those who are profoundly affected by such injuries are anxious for news.
Can he give me, and indeed them, a progress report?
I reassure the right hon.
and learned Gentleman, the constituents of his I have met and other campaigners that I am having discussions with the Cabinet Office about how we deal with that and other issues that have been raised this morning, including the sodium valproate scandal.
He knows the complexities involved, and I have been grateful for his advice as a former Attorney General.
I do not have specific progress to report now, but I reassure him and campaigners that this issue has not gone off the boil and we are working to find a resolution.