Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we can restore that essential funding and protect hospice care for my constituents?
We have provided hospices in England with a record £100 million in capital funding, as my hon.
Friend will know.
ICBs are responsible for commissioning palliative and end-of-life care services, including hospices, to meet the needs of their local populations.
NHS England has published statutory guidance to support that.
I would of course be more than happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss that further.
The British Dental Association recently published analysis showing that the proportion of NHS funding spent on dentistry more than halved under the Conservatives, who failed to account for inflation and demand to the cost of £1 billion.
It is no wonder that we have dental deserts across much of the country.
Will the Secretary of State ensure that dentistry receives its fair share of funding from the new NHS funding allocated in the spending review?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to point to the neglect and incompetence of the past 14 years.
We are fighting to get NHS dentistry back to where it needs to be.
An important first step, of course, is the 700,000 additional urgent appointments and supervised tooth-brushing programme, but long-term contract reform is what is needed, alongside the investment that will come through the spending review.
According to the Trussell Trust, the impact of hunger and hardship on people’s health is driving an extra £6.3 billion in Government healthcare spending.
What part is the Department playing in reducing hunger and hardship—and thus the related healthcare cost—in my constituency and across the country?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise that important point.
It is truly shameful that 4.5 million children in the UK now live in poverty.
We are developing an ambitious strategy that tackles root causes, and we are already taking action.
Alongside cross-Government work on free school meals, breakfast clubs and funded childcare, the Department is investing £56 million in Start for Life services and supporting healthy diets for 358,000 people through Healthy Start.
Opticians are important medical professionals for our community.
Unfortunately, when I spoke to the Hertfordshire and West Essex integrated care board, I was told that it will not allow opticians to perform vital services such as treating minor eye injuries, as doing so is deemed too expensive, despite that being the norm in the areas surrounding my constituency.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we can ensure a fair system across the country, rather than a postcode lottery?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to point to the anomalies in the eyecare system.
There are concerns about the role that some aspects of the independent sector are playing, particularly in the light of the lucrative nature of cataract operations.
If he writes to me, I will be happy to set out the issues, and I guarantee that he will get the response in due course.
Infertility is a medical condition that affects one in six couples in the UK, but access to NHS treatment is a postcode lottery, with less than 10% of ICBs in England offering the recommended three cycles of IVF.
Does the Minister agree that we need to end that postcode lottery, and will she meet me and campaigners such as Fertility Action to discuss how we can end it for good?
In the light of the broader pressures and changes in the NHS, we have been considering the ambitions on fertility services and fairness for all couples.
The National Institute for Health and Care Excellence is reviewing its fertility guidelines, which will be the clinical standard for the future.
I know that my hon.
Friend will ensure that she and the group she talks about keep an eye on that, and that she will work with them.
I am happy to keep working with her on how we best support ICBs to improve their local offer.