My local pharmacy in Noak Bridge is one of them, but it is also being hammered with national insurance increases, and the combination of these issues means that its long-term viability is at stake.
Will the review that the Minister has mentioned include all the impacts on community pharmacies that are affecting their long-term viability?
The long-term viability of pharmacies and, indeed, the whole NHS was under threat from the right hon.
Gentleman and his party, but thanks to this Government, it is being made fit for the future.
This is a serious issue for all our constituents, and we want to make the system work better.
The right hon.
Gentleman will see from the 10-year plan that we will make the NHS fit for his constituents, mine and those of every other Member.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Across the country, community pharmacies struggle not only with supply chain problems but with dispensing some of the critical medicines for our constituents at a loss.
I was concerned to read that higher prices for United States pharmaceuticals are on the table for the next stage of trade negotiations with Donald Trump, because an additional £1.5 billion would cost both the NHS and our community pharmacies dear.
What steps is the Department taking to ensure that the NHS, and the vital medicine supply on which we rely, will not be used as a bargaining chip in a trade deal with a highly unreliable US President?
The hon.
Lady has asked an important question about the pharmaceutical industry, which is key to the country’s growth mission and to supporting all our constituents and the entire country.
As we know, my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister is currently attending the G7 summit.
We have good relationships with America, and the Department is working closely across Government to ensure that the same stability of supply remains for our constituents.
Whether he has made an assessment of the potential merits of expanding the additional roles reimbursement scheme to include GPs.
What steps he is taking to improve access to GPs.
The Government inherited a ludicrous situation whereby patients could not get a GP appointment and GPs could not get a job, so one of my first acts was to cut red tape to give practices flexibility to hire GPs, along with an extra £82 million investment.
Thanks to that combination of investment and reform, this Government have recruited an additional 1,700 GPs to the frontline since July, exceeding our target of 1,000.
We have invested an extra £889 million in general practice  this year, taking action to bring back the family doctor.
We do not pretend to have solved all the problems, but change has begun and the best is still to come.
I welcome the Government’s commitment to restoring the family doctor, and the recruitment of 1,700 additional GPs nationwide, but my constituency has yet to benefit from that.
Concern has been expressed to me about the expansion of the additional roles reimbursement scheme to include only newly qualified GPs, which it is feared may be too restrictive.
I have met local GP partners who share that concern, so will the Secretary of State meet us to discuss how the scheme can better support areas such as mine?
We are investing an extra £900 million in general practice, and have reformed the GP contract to help bring back the family doctor and end the 8 am scramble.
That contract reform included further changes to make it easier to recruit GPs through the scheme.
As my hon.
Friend will see shortly when we publish the 10-year plan for health, general practice is at the heart of our proposals to build a neighbourhood health service.
I am keen to work with her and with GPs to make it even easier to ensure that qualified GPs can get jobs and patients can get GP appointments, and I should be delighted to meet her.