Bladder cancer is the fifth highest killer in the United Kingdom, and people were anxious to meet the Minister and discuss those matters.
Will he agree to meet bladder cancer organisations to take forward their four objectives to make things better for people in the United Kingdom?
I am sure my hon.
Friend the Under-Secretary of State for Health and Social Care (Ashley Dalton), who is the Minister responsible for cancer, would be delighted to meet campaigners, particularly as we put together the national cancer plan.
We want to ensure that we capture every type of cancer, and genuinely improve cancer care for everyone in our  country.
The Minister may have seen my constituent Mollie Mulheron recently featured on “Newsnight”.
Our local ICB recently refused her access to fertility treatment after recovery from an aggressive cancer with a high likelihood that her illness  will return.
Will the Minister meet me and Mollie to discuss that issue, and access to fertility treatment for cancer survivors and patients?
Yes, I will make sure that my hon.
Friend gets that meeting.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
During proceedings of the House on  2 June 2025 , it became clear that some media organisations had been given access to the strategic defence review document before Parliament.
We also became aware that the timing of such early access may have been different for different organisations.
I asked a parliamentary question on the matter of who and when, and although the Government did not answer the question, they made clear that trade associations and think-tanks had also been given early access.
I asked again, and they refused to answer but made clear that trade unions and “our people” had been given early access.
Mr Speaker, Ministers are required to answer questions using the Nolan principles, which include accountability and openness.
The principles state:
“Information should not be withheld from the public unless there are clear and lawful reasons for so doing.”
The Government have not followed these processes in answering the question, and that is particularly relevant to the Minister for the Armed Forces, because in his declaration in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests, he declares membership of the GMB and Unite, and that a family member is working as a constituent for Babcock International, and that—
Order.
The hon.
Lady has raised a point of order with me, but she cannot go into a full speech.
I have got the message and I am very clear on the message.
I have no responsibility for the quality of answers to written parliamentary questions, but I know—this is key—that the Procedure Committee takes a close interest in the matter.
She might therefore like to raise it with  the hon.
Member for Lancaster and Wyre (Cat Smith) , who Chairs the Committee.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
Let me finish with this one, please.
Raising the matter with the Procedure Committee would be a good way to take this forward.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
We now know undoubtedly that The Sunday Times was given access to the White Paper, because people could read most of it in The Sunday Times the day before Parliament saw it, although crucially the article did not mention up to 12 new SSNs—nuclear-powered attack submarines.
I will explain in a quick second why that is important, Mr Speaker.
At 10.30 on the Monday morning, journalists were invited to a reading room in Horse Guards Parade, where they were given access to the White Paper.
Section 8.11 of the “Ministerial Code” clearly states:
“where commercially sensitive material is involved, no copies should be made available to the media before publication.”
Thus, that was clearly a breach of the code.