and learned Gentleman, the constituents of his I have met and other campaigners that I am having discussions with the Cabinet Office about how we deal with that and other issues that have been raised this morning, including the sodium valproate scandal.
He knows the complexities involved, and I have been grateful for his advice as a former Attorney General.
I do not have specific progress to report now, but I reassure him and campaigners that this issue has not gone off the boil and we are working to find a resolution.
The challenge of finding and keeping an NHS dentist is raised with me time and again across the Filton and Bradley Stoke constituency, and I welcome the early action that this Labour Government have taken to introduce more than 19,000 urgent care appointments across our integrated care board area.
What will be the next steps to help ensure that NHS dentistry is opened up again to everybody?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question and her relentless campaigning on this issue.
She is right that the 700,000 urgent dental appointments are a first step, and we are looking to embed that so that it goes forward every year of this Parliament.
The broader issue is around contract reform.
There is no perfect contract system—the current one clearly is not working—and we are looking at options around sessional payments, capitation, and getting a contract that works and brings dentists back into the NHS.
The Secretary of State will know that my local ICB in Bedfordshire, Luton and Milton Keynes is set to merge  with Hertfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Peterborough.
The new ICB will cover a population of about 3 million people.
Given the difficulties we have had securing a GP surgery in Wixams, will the Secretary of State set out how supersizing that quango will help rural mid-Beds to get the local healthcare it needs?
May I respectfully say that that was part of the problem with Conservative thinking?
They thought that the answer to the NHS crisis was more quangos, and they measured success in the number of ICBs, not the number of appointments and the size of the waiting list.
We are taking a different approach, slashing bureaucracy and reinvesting in the front line.
We are not centralising but decentralising, and cutting waiting lists—a record that the Conservative party cannot begin to touch.
A couple of weeks ago at my constituency surgery, though tears my constituent Amy explained how, following a hip operation in 2008, she suffered progressive nerve damage due to repeated failures in diagnosis, referral and treatment.
Despite raising concerns for years, she was told that her pain was common.
A nerve test in 2015 confirmed damage, and further tests last year showed a significant deterioration.
After 17 years she has only now been offered surgery.
All Amy wants to know is what steps are being taken to ensure that no other patient is left permanently disabled due to such prolonged and systemic failure—
Order.
That is very important, but why does the hon.
Member not want others to get in?
First, on behalf of the NHS I apologise to my hon.
Friend’s constituent.
That is an intolerable situation, but sadly not rare or exceptional.
There is too much of that happening, and a culture of cover-up and covering reputations, rather than being honest with patients about failures.
We are changing the culture.
Safety is at the heart of the 10-year plan, and I would be delighted to talk to my hon.
Friend further about his constituent’s case.
This morning I attended an event about bladder cancer.
Bladder cancer is the fifth highest killer in the United Kingdom, and people were anxious to meet the Minister and discuss those matters.
Will he agree to meet bladder cancer organisations to take forward their four objectives to make things better for people in the United Kingdom?
I am sure my hon.