Motion for leave to bring in a Bill ( Standing Order No.
23 )
I beg to move,
That leave be given to bring in a Bill to make provision for the inclusion of a parent’s details on a child’s birth certificate where that parent has died before the birth of the child; and for connected purposes.
For the vast majority of parents, registering the birth of their child is a straightforward process.
It is a simple piece of paperwork that marks a special moment and brings important recognition of their new family, along with notable legal rights.
Yet, for a number of women every year, what should be an uncontroversial step in their journey as a parent becomes a protracted and traumatic legal battle.
The law dictates that it is the duty of the parents to register the birth of a child within 42 days.
For married couples, there is a presumption of paternity for the husband under the law.
That means either parent may register the birth unaccompanied by the other, with both still recorded on the birth certificate.
Therefore, in the terrible event that their husband dies before the child is born, a widowed mother can still ensure their name is on the birth certificate, which is common sense.
However, if the couple are unmarried, the law does not recognise their relationship in the same way.
The fact that the mother does not have a ring on her finger means there is no automatic recognition of paternity.
If an unmarried woman experiences the unimaginable tragedy of losing her partner during pregnancy, there is no provision for her to register them on the child’s birth certificate.
Unless both parents can be present, the registrar is deemed unable to verify the paternity of the father.
While suffering the grief of losing a loved one and facing the new reality of parenthood alone, bereaved mothers leave the register office with a blank space on their child’s birth certificate, instead of their partner’s name.
In order to amend the birth certificate, bereaved mothers have to seek a declaration of parentage through a lengthy, costly and traumatising legal process in the family courts.
In some respects, this is a legal loophole—the effect of improper and outdated legislation that has failed to provide for a certain set of particularly tragic circumstances—but it speaks to a deeper inequality in the legal system: unmarried couples are held in lower regard.
The law in this area has not kept pace with societal change.
The charity Widowed and Young first brought this injustice to my attention.
It is an organisation that provides fantastic support to those who have experienced widowhood earlier in life.
I pay tribute to  the hon.
Member for South Devon (Caroline Voaden)  who secured an Adjournment debate on this issue, and spoke powerfully and movingly of her own experience of bereavement, and to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Walthamstow (Ms Creasy) , who first exposed the shortcomings of the legal process in Parliament in 2016.
The Bill seeks to legislate for Widowed and Young’s “Blank Space” campaign to come into existence, to provide a clear and simple process for unmarried and   bereaved mothers to register their partner on their child’s birth certificate.
Through the charity, I have heard the stories of brave and inspiring women, some of whom are in the Gallery today to watch the proceedings.
I would like to share their experiences, which illustrate the emotional impact of this issue.
When Kelly’s partner, Jordan, died suddenly in 2020, she went from planning their future to planning her fiancé’s funeral.
Shortly after she gave birth to their daughter, Kelly’s battle began to prove that Jordan was the father.
As Kelly said, he had wanted
“nothing more out of his life than to have kids”,
so she was determined that his name would be on Maisie’s birth certificate.