As someone who was diagnosed myself with an earlier stage melanoma, I really commend the work of my hon.
Friend’s constituent.
I never used sunbeds and I spent holidays in my youth in Ireland, so I never saw much sun either—sorry to the Irish tourism board.
As my hon.
Friend says, it is an overwhelmingly preventable cancer, including by using sunscreen, better clothing, shading and no sunbeds.
It is up to event organisers to provide sunscreen at events, but my hon.
Friend is right.
I want to personally thank Melanoma Focus for the support it gave me during my diagnosis.
There are great charities out there to support people.
I am sure a Minister will be in contact with my hon.
Friend and her constituent soon to highlight the prevention aspects of this disease.
Until his recent death, my constituent Luke Webster had lived with alternating hemiplegia of childhood.
His life was short and he spent much of it being moved between different care facilities, to the frustration of his family.
At one such facility, Luke was abused.
Will the Minister meet me and Luke’s mother to discuss improved safeguards—
Order.
I do not think this is relevant to sun tanning.
Let us move on.
What steps he is taking to reduce waiting times for biopsy results.
More patients are now getting world-leading testing technology in the NHS as part of our mission to revolutionise cancer care in this country.
The Government are spending £600 million a year in capital on diagnostics, including for the first time funding for the automation of histopathology laboratories to improve productivity.
We are also funding pathology networks to reach digital maturity by 2026, which will reduce unnecessary waits and repeated tests.
My constituent Julian noticed that he had a mole on his chest that was growing and bleeding.
Members of his family had died from skin cancer, so he was very concerned and went to his GP.
He was referred to the Kent integrated dermatology service and was told that the results would come back in four weeks.
They came back in 17 weeks.
I know that this issue is of personal concern to the Minister, so would she please investigate what happened and write to me?
The hon.
Member raises an awful case on behalf of his constituent.
Of course, our targeting of waiting lists includes diagnostics.
What happened in that case should not happen anywhere, and I will ensure that he gets a response as soon as possible.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce the time taken for cancer diagnoses.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce the time taken for cancer diagnoses.
Reducing waiting times for cancer diagnosis remains a key priority.
Under this Government, an extra 99,000 patients have had cancer diagnosed or ruled out.
This has been supported by investment, including in Cancer 360—a digital innovation that brings patient data into one central platform—and in NHS England’s cancer innovation open call to fast-track cutting-edge interventions into practice.
Our forthcoming national cancer plan will set out how we will speed up cancer diagnosis even further.
Our Labour Government have recently invested in a new state-of-the-art linear accelerator machine in Southend hospital.
The machine is the first of its type in the country and will drastically improve cancer treatments.
Please can the Minister outline how record levels of investment, such as in the LINAC machine and as announced at the spending review, will finally mean that the NHS will be there when we need it?
I am delighted that my hon.
Friend’s constituents will benefit from the £70 million investment.
These machines are game changing and will reduce the number of visits for his constituents.
They are also  more reliable, which gives more capacity to the system.
That is better for staff, as there will be less appointment cancellations.