I am really proud of the contribution that overseas workers make to health and social care services across our country.
If they all left tomorrow, the services would simply collapse.
But I think there is an overreliance on overseas staff in health and care services, and that is contributing to levels of net migration that are simply unsustainable.
I have a responsibility to help the Home Secretary bring those numbers down and to give opportunities, through better pay and career progression, to home-grown talent, and that is what we will do.
I have received many emails regarding poor service from pharmacies in my constituency.
In Maryport, residents report opening times not as advertised, long queues, low stocks and delays receiving vital medication.
Will the Minister tell the House how this Government will ensure that the public get the best quality service from our local pharmacies?
I am sorry to hear about the issues that my hon.
Friend’s constituents are experiencing.
I understand that he has raised the issue with the North East and North Cumbria ICB, which is investigating his concerns.
I would be happy to be kept informed, and if he is not happy with the outcome of that investigation, he should certainly come back to me.
This Government are committed to supporting community pharmacies after a decade of underfunding and neglect.
We recently agreed a record uplift to £3.1 billion for 2025-26.
The Secretary of State may well be aware of the greater awareness among young people of nicotine pouches.
That seems to be a gap in the Tobacco and Vapes Bill currently going through Parliament.
Will he commit to look at this issue to ensure that it is covered and that we bar this alongside other forms of tobacco and nicotine?
As the hon.
Gentleman knows through bitter experience, that rotten industry always finds a way, and we have to keep on top of it and tackle the scourge of nicotine addiction.
He knows about this issue better than most, he having campaigned so assiduously on it, and he is right to raise it, so let us look at what we can do to strengthen the Bill, if we can, as it goes through Parliament.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to enable access to non-hormonal, non-steroidal oral contraceptives?
Such contraceptives are an emerging technology that will be subject to clinical and other relevant assessment before being considered for use in England.
The Government remain committed to ensuring that women can access their preferred method in a timely manner.
A range of contraception is available free of charge from a range of settings.
That includes a copper coil, which is a non-hormonal, non-steroidal contraceptive device.
In Prime Minister’s questions last week, I raised the need for a universal national screening programme for type 1 diabetes.
Will the Secretary of State agree to meet me to discuss this, so that it could form part of the 10-year plan, given that it fits so neatly into prevention of issues such as diabetic ketoacidosis over treatment?
I was in the Chamber to hear the hon.
Member’s question.
Obviously we are led by clinical advice when it comes to decisions on screening programmes, but I understand the case she makes.
I would be delighted to ensure that she gets a meeting with the relevant Minister.
Earl Mountbatten hospice in my constituency delivers outstanding care across the community.
Despite that, Hampshire and Isle of Wight integrated care board plans to cut its funding by £1.4 million, while other hospices in the region have their funding increased.
I am deeply concerned that the cut will affect our local health services.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we can restore that essential funding and protect hospice care for my constituents?
We have provided hospices in England with a record £100 million in capital funding, as my hon.
Friend will know.