Friend  the Member for West Lancashire (Ashley Dalton) , sends her apologies due to a family issue.
She is very much in our thoughts today.
Thanks to the decisions taken by my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor at the spending review, health capital budgets will increase to £14.6 billion by the end of the spending review period.
That will deliver the largest-ever health capital budget in NHS history.
Across this settlement, more than £5 billion will be invested to address the most critical building repairs, reducing the most serious and critical infrastructure risks and rebuilding the broken NHS left by the Conservatives.
While I welcome the recent announcement of £12 million of extra funding for Epsom and St Helier university hospitals NHS trust, it is quite frankly a drop in the ocean in comparison with the scale of need, because the current backlog at the trust costs £150 million.
Patients and staff deserve safe and modern facilities, not patchwork repairs.
I therefore ask the Secretary of State to meet with me and visit Epsom and St Helier hospitals to see at first hand the scale of the challenge and how we can accelerate progress.
I absolutely appreciate the challenges that the hon.
Member describes, having met with the trust myself.
The Minister for Secondary Care, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bristol South (Karin Smyth)  and I have both met with local MPs about the challenges facing Epsom and St Helier.
Lord Darzi’s investigation found that the Conservatives left a £37 billion black  hole in NHS capital.
We are reversing that trend, with the largest-ever capital budget for health.
The £12.1 million for Epsom and St Helier trust for estate safety is in addition to the £207 million of capital that the NHS South West London integrated care board is receiving, including for maintenance backlogs.
It will take time, but brick by brick Labour is rebuilding our NHS.
The Imperial College healthcare NHS trust has the largest high-risk repair backlog in the country.
The support from the Government estates safety fund is very welcome, but to solve this problem we ultimately need a new St Mary’s hospital.
Will the Secretary of State join me in praising the work of the new three-year St Mary’s taskforce, which aims to get to full planning consent and explore different financing models so that we can finally get this hospital built?
I thank my hon.
Friend for the work that he and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cities of London and Westminster (Rachel Blake)  are leading in partnership with the trust and Westminster city council to ensure that the people of his constituency have the hospital they deserve.
As he knows, this will be the most complicated scheme in the new hospital programme, but that is no excuse for the years of delay that the scheme has faced.
The trust now boasts the biggest high-risk repair backlog in the country, so my hon.
Friend is right to ensure that this is not allowed to be put in the “too difficult” pile again.
We look forward to engaging constructively and doing everything that we can to expedite the progress that is desperately needed for his community and our city.
What steps he is taking to support rural pharmacies.
What steps his Department is taking to support community pharmacies.
After years of underfunding, the Government agreed a record uplift of £3.1 billion for ’25-26 for the pharmacy sector.
The pharmacy access scheme provides £19 million to support pharmacies in areas with fewer pharmacies, including in rural areas, but funding must always come with reform.
Our hub and spoke legislation, if it is passed in the other place today, will allow pharmacies to streamline their dispensing processes, and it is a major step in the right direction in marrying reform with investment.
I recently visited Modbury pharmacy, where owner Phil Dawes highlighted the challenges facing small rural pharmacies.