I thank the shadow Secretary of State for his question and, even more importantly, I thank the amazing campaigners for what they are doing.
This is probably the easiest question he is ever going to ask me.
The answer is, of course, an emphatic yes.
One of the main concerns I have about assisted dying is that it should never be easier to help someone die than it is to help them live.
If passed, the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Bill would make thousands of terminally ill people every year eligible to end their lives on the NHS.
Does our health service have the money to fund this service as well as its priority of bringing down waiting lists?
Can I first thank my hon.
Friend the Minister for Care for the considerable amount of work he has done to support the House as it makes its deliberations on this important issue?
Of course, the Government are neutral; it is for the House to decide.
There is not money allocated to set up the service in the Bill at present, but it is for Members of this House and the other place, should the Bill proceed, to decide whether to proceed.
That is a decision that this Government will respect either way.
The  UK is desperately short of doctors, but thousands of applicants will be turned away due to a lack of training places.
This is not a situation of the Minister’s making, but he has now been in post for a year.
Can he assure us  that nobody—no union, no Treasury Minister—will prevent him from doing what needs to be done and lifting the training cap?
I should just say for the record that it is thanks to my friends at the Treasury that we are able to do so much to invest in our health service.
It is important to put that on record ahead of the Budget.
The hon.
Lady raises a really serious issue, and we are looking carefully at what we can do to ensure that we get great people into our health service and that they can look forward to a great career.
We are not in the right place as a country now; we need to be in a better place.
The 10-year plan will set out our ambitions on workforce and we will publish a new workforce plan later this year.
It is 16 months since the publication of the Hughes report, but those patients harmed by sodium valproate continue to await the outcome on the redress that the Government will provide.
Will the Secretary of State please provide an update on when they can expect an announcement on the redress that will be made available to them?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that important question.
The Government are carefully considering the work of the patient safety commissioner and her report, which sets out the options for redress.
This is a complex issue involving input from different Government Departments.
We will provide a further update on the commissioner’s report soon.
My constituency, in Scotland, has a significant shortage of health and social care workers, despite extensive efforts to advertise recruitment to get people in, as replicated in parts of England, Wales and Northern Ireland.
The rug has been pulled out from under that by the changes to immigration policy and visas for that sector.
Will the Secretary of State commit to pushing this harder in Cabinet to ensure that we can have more geographic and sectoral visas?
I am really proud of the contribution that overseas workers make to health and social care services across our country.
If they all left tomorrow, the services would simply collapse.
But I think there is an overreliance on overseas staff in health and care services, and that is contributing to levels of net migration that are simply unsustainable.