This legal framework is unfit for purpose.
When the Births and Deaths Registration Act became law in 1953, 95% of births registered in the UK were within a marriage.
That figure has reduced steadily ever since, and only half of children are now born within marriage.
Times have changed and society has moved on, yet the law has not kept pace.
This Bill would drag the legislation into the 21st century, and provide a clear and simple process for registering a deceased partner’s name on a birth certificate.
We can achieve that by placing greater reliance on a registrar’s professional judgement.
With the right evidence, registrars are allowed to amend a birth certificate, so we can similarly empower them to correct the absence of a deceased parent, provided that they receive sufficient evidence of intended parenthood.
Across Europe—in Switzerland, France and Germany—unmarried parents are encouraged to register their parentage at antenatal appointments.
A similar system could be created here, and a declaration of intended parentage could be made during pregnancy.
I do not contest the importance of having a rigorous process for proving intended parenthood, but that importance is an argument in support of a change in the law, not against it, because that process is currently non-existent.
Officials are often unable to advise women on how to register their deceased partner as a parent, because there is no guidance.
While there remains no clear route to proving intended parenthood, bereaved unmarried mothers are being denied a basic right.
The anachronistic legal framework is causing immense trauma for mothers and children.
This Bill would take direct action to address that injustice, providing a clear process for bereaved mothers to follow, and allowing the registrar to include a deceased partner on their child’s birth certificate.
That small change in the law would make a huge difference.
It would spare grieving   women a needlessly painful legal process, and ensure that no mother or child has a blank space on their birth certificate where their parent’s name should rightly be.
Question put and agreed to.
Ordered,
That Ms Stella Creasy, Caroline Voaden, Alice Macdonald, John Grady, Chris Vince, Abtisam Mohamed, Kirith Entwistle, Dr Marie Tidball, David Burton-Sampson, Daniel Francis, Charlotte Nichols and Jen Craft present the Bill.
Jen Craft accordingly presented the Bill.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 11 July , and to be printed (Bill 263).
Motion made, and Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No.
83A(9) ),
That the Order of  10 March 2025  (Crime and Policing Bill: Programme) be varied as follows:
(1) Paragraphs (4) and (5) of the Order shall be omitted.
(2) Proceedings on Consideration and Third Reading shall be taken in two days in accordance with the following provisions of this Order.
(3) Proceedings on Consideration—
(a) shall be taken on each of those days in the order shown in the first column of the following Table, and
(b) shall (so far as not previously concluded) be brought to a conclusion at the times specified in the second column of the Table.
(4) Proceedings on Third Reading shall (so far as not previously concluded) be brought to a conclusion at the moment of interruption on the second day.—(Dame Diana Johnson.)
Question agreed to.
Consideration of Bill, as amended in the Public Bill Committee
[Relevant documents: Fourth Report of the Women and Equalities Committee, Tackling non-consensual intimate image abuse, HC 336, and the Government response, HC 911; correspondence from the Women and Equalities Committee to the Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State, Ministry of Justice, on tackling non-consensual intimate image abuse, reported to the House on  4 June ]
“(1) A person commits an offence if the person trespasses on any premises with intent to commit an offence (whether or not on the premises).
(2) In subsection (1) “premises” means any building, part of a building or enclosed area.