The Secretary of State was asked—
What recent assessment he has made of the impact of the spring Budget 2024 on Scotland.
What recent assessment he has made of the impact of the spring Budget 2024 on Scotland.
What recent assessment he has made of the impact of the spring Budget 2024 on Scotland.
We have again seen calamitous events in Scotland this week.
However, I wish Humza Yousaf very well for the future.
I always found him to be a very decent man to work with, and there is no doubt that he was dealt a rotten hand.
Although I do not want to dwell unduly on the private grief of SNP Members, I very much hope that whoever becomes First Minister will work with us on the issues that really matter to people in Scotland, such as public services and our economy, and will not continue to obsess with independence.
This Government are taking long-term decisions to cut taxes for working people and to grow the economy.
The spring Budget represented a significant milestone in the UK Government’s levelling-up mission, with investment into Scotland bursting through the £3 billion mark.
In addition, the Scottish Government will benefit from a £295 million funding uplift through the Barnett formula for 2024-25.
The reality is that the Chancellor’s regressive spring Budget left the people of Scotland behind.
In contrast, the SNP Scottish Government took the bold step of implementing a progressive tax scheme.
The Westminster establishment argued that Scotland’s income tax rates would somehow cause people to leave the country.
Last week, however, it was revealed by His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs that the opposite is true, with many more taxpayers moving to Scotland than leaving.
Will the Secretary of State join me in welcoming this brilliant news and congratulating the Scottish Government on standing up for the people of Scotland?
The hon.
Lady’s point would be relevant if that report were not from 2018-19, long before we entered into six tax bands in Scotland, versus three in the rest of the UK.
I absolutely do not agree with her.
The Secretary of State mentioned levelling up, which is curious.
We know that the Budget cut public services across the board and cut Scotland’s capital funding, yet levelling up seems to benefit places such as the financial district of Canary Wharf, which has benefited by £16,000 per head.
Is he suggesting that Scotland, but not other parts of the UK, should accept austerity from this Government?
That is a ridiculous remark.
The levelling-up agenda in Scotland has been fantastically successful, and there has been absolutely no austerity.
The Scottish Government have received a record block grant of £41 billion, the highest since devolution began.
I am surprised that the SNP wants to talk about the Budget, because the Scottish Government’s Budget put taxes up and cut vital public services, so Scots are actually paying more and getting less.
What utter nonsense.
The hypocrisy of this Tory party, which is busy gaslighting the Scottish public by complaining about cuts to capital spending while the Tory Government are busy cutting 16%, or £822 million, from the Scottish Government’s capital block grant allocation, is quite astonishing.
With Westminster holding Scotland back yet again, can the Secretary of State tell us, as Scotland’s man in the Cabinet, whether he argued against these cuts?
Will he argue for the Scottish Parliament to have the ability to raise more capital borrowing to mitigate these savage Westminster cuts and to help drive Scotland forward?
In the fiscal framework settlement, we made it very clear and agreed with the Scottish Government that resource funding could be reallocated, if they so wished, from the record block grant into capital funding.
That is what has happened.
Additionally, they have the ability to borrow £450 million, if required.
I also begin by passing on my best wishes to Humza Yousaf and his family.