Lady did not acknowledge at all is that Israel suffered an appalling terrorist attack that killed hundreds of its citizens, and it does have the right to defend itself.
Of course, as I have been crystal clear, we want to see humanitarian law respected and adhered to by all parties.
Too many civilians have been killed, and we want to see Israel take greater care to avoid harming civilians.
I have made these points repeatedly to Prime Minister Netanyahu, specifically about the impact of any military incursion into Rafah, and we continue to say to the Israelis at all levels that we want to see more aid going in, and bring about a hostage deal so that we can move towards a sustainable ceasefire.
The 60% increase in funding for special educational needs and disabilities is extremely welcome, but challenges around the recruitment of community paediatricians mean that some children in Leighton Buzzard, Dunstable and Houghton Regis are waiting too long for an assessment.
What can the NHS do to attract more of the 39,000  additional doctors recruited under this Government into community paediatrics, as a specialty that is incredibly rewarding and important?
My hon.
Friend is right, and he joins me in welcoming the significant action that we have already taken to improve children’s health, whether that is reducing sugar in children’s food, or the £600 million we have invested to improve the quality of sport and physical activity in schools.
The NHS has established a special group to ensure that the recovery of paediatric services keeps pace with that of adult elective care, and he will be pleased that the NHS long-term workforce plan, which we have fully backed, doubles the number of medical school places in England and increases specialty training places.
That will increase the size of the pool from which community paediatricians can be drawn in the future.
I know that you, Mr Speaker, want to join me in sending condolences to the friends, family and colleagues of our former colleague, Lord Andrew Stunell, who served with exceptional diligence and grace as MP for Hazel Grove in this House, and who passed away very suddenly on Monday.
When the BBC ends longwave radio transmission next year, that will also end access to electricity tariffs such as Total Heating Total Control, which is relied on by almost 1 million households across the United Kingdom.
Switching to smart meters will not fix that for most people, not least because the roll-out programme is so far behind.
Will the Prime Minister, or possibly the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, get energy companies, the regulator and customer groups together, so that we can stop passing the blame around, and find a solution that does not yet again leave people in the highlands and island behind and out in the cold?
I understand that an agreement has now been reached to ensure that radio teleswitch services will continue until June next year.
Ofgem is also engaging with energy suppliers on their plans to support consumers through the transition.
While households currently covered by the service should not be disadvantaged by the switch-off, energy suppliers are best placed to advise on tariffs for those who have been switched to a smart meter.
However, I will ensure that the right hon.
Gentleman gets a meeting with the relevant Minister, to ensure that his constituents are not left behind during the transition.
The east of England is playing a lead role in delivering the UK’s energy security, and without our contribution the country will not be able successfully to transition to a renewable energy supply system.
In recent months, our coast has taken a battering, and projects such as the Lowestoft flood defence scheme have been postponed.
Will my right hon.