Does he agree that the lesson we should draw from this is that taking practical, detailed measures to crack down on the exploitation of certain types of visa routes is the way to make progress on bringing immigration numbers down, rather than the windy rhetoric we heard from the Opposition spokesman?
My right hon.
Friend is a distinguished former Home Office Minister who had responsibilities in the immigration space, and I would argue that a lot of the measures that we have announced, and that are now all in flight, build on the earlier efforts of colleagues such as him.
He is absolutely right that the policies are balanced and measured and that they deliver on the legitimate aim of wanting to reduce inflows of legal migration into our country, to ensure fairness, to ensure that the model is sustainable and to ensure that people who come here are able to be properly supported.
I think that that is something that the British people strongly support, and I entirely share his sentiments.
I call the Chair of the Home Affairs Committee.
The National Audit Office estimates that it will cost £11,000 per person to fly people to Rwanda.
Can the Minister tell the House which airline he will use to transport people to Rwanda?
What is his estimate of the number of people who will be sent to Rwanda in the first three months of operating the policy?
The Chairman of the Select Committee, for whom I have enormous respect and admiration, will understand why I am not going to get into operationally  or commercially sensitive matters on the Floor of the House.
We have consistently seen great efforts to thwart this policy, in a whole host of senses, over the course of weeks, months and years.
We will not be thwarted.
We have made commitments, and we will get on with delivering this policy.
There is a plan and, as the Prime Minister has said, we will send a flight within the next 10 to 12 weeks.
That is where our focus lies, and it would be entirely inappropriate to share the logistics on the Floor of the House.
As mass migration has been shown to depress GDP per capita, and as it is clear that it is easier to control the much higher number of legal migrants, may I encourage the Government to return to their promise of having migration in the tens of thousands?
Again, I am not going to set out today what the Government’s future ambitions may be.
What I am able to say is that we have a package of measures that is delivering a reduction of 300,000 in net migration, spanning various different routes.
I think it is a very credible offer to meet the ambition of the British people to bring those numbers down, not least for the reason that my right hon.
Friend touches on: legal migration to this country needs to be sustainable.
When we consider, for example, that we saw 100,000 care workers come with 120,000 dependants, I do not think that any fair-minded person would, by any objective yardstick, think that that was a reasonable position.
That is why we are bringing it to an end, and I am pleased that the measures we have introduced are delivering results.
The Times reports this morning that the number of visas granted for care workers in March this year was 83% down on the figure for March 2023.
Does the Minister expect that reduction to continue?
If he does, who will do the work that those carers would have done, and what impact does he think it might have on the national health service?
We have committed to monthly reporting on the net migration measures we have introduced to allow Parliament and others to take a view on our progress.
There are extensive efforts across Government to employ more people from our domestic labour force.