If he does, who will do the work that those carers would have done, and what impact does he think it might have on the national health service?
We have committed to monthly reporting on the net migration measures we have introduced to allow Parliament and others to take a view on our progress.
There are extensive efforts across Government to employ more people from our domestic labour force.
I wish Liberal Democrat Members were as enthusiastic as I am about the back to work plan and our work on recruitment and retention.
We are taking forward those credible efforts to try to support more people in this country into these roles.
We are also working intensively to improve the processes for rematching individuals who are already here on health and social care visas.
These are the right steps to take, and I will not pre-empt what the figures might look like in the coming months.
The right hon.
Gentleman will be able to look at them in the same way as everybody else.
It is interesting to hear the Minister’s comments and to see the impact of things that, I think it is safe to say, he and I would have wanted to do slightly earlier, such as abolishing the 20% discount on the SOL.
Does he agree that the core problem is that,  all too often, people see immigration as an alternative to policies that affect the domestic labour market, rather than as something that supports those policies?
Sectors and businesses that will be very keen to have a meeting with him in his new role were not quite so keen to meet him when he was trying to promote the Disability Confident scheme as Minister for Disabled People.
What are the Government’s plans to make sure that future migration policy clearly links up with our wider policy for the UK labour market, and to make sure that it is not open to lobbying to try to avoid it?
My hon.
Friend speaks with real authority and experience on this issue.
I recall our conversations in our previous ministerial roles, and he is absolutely right that immigration ought not to be the first port of call in meeting our skills needs and filling vacancies.
That is why the Government have a co-ordinated plan, with our immigration policies, our back to work plan, our health and disability benefit reforms, and our reforms in a host of other areas.
That should be our focus.
I would argue that there is a strong moral case that investing in our domestic labour force to get people into vacancies is the right thing to do.
Where there needs to be a practical approach to migration, we should look at it, but it most definitely should not be the first port of call.
I welcome the comments on legal migration, which is very important to many sectors in Northern Ireland.
On the important and perplexing issue of illegal migration, can the Minister say something about what the Irish Republic’s Government said this week about pushing back returnees to Northern Ireland?
Can he confirm that the Irish Justice Minister made up the fact that 80% of the problem stems from Northern Ireland?
Will he say something about the Republic of Ireland’s courts claiming that the United Kingdom is an unsafe destination to return people to in the first instance?
Will he please assure me that Northern Ireland will not become a dumping ground for the right-wing problems being faced across the EU?
As the Prime Minister has rightly said, including at Prime Minister’s questions, we are not going to accept returns from the EU via Ireland when the EU does not accept returns to France, from where illegal migrants are coming to the United Kingdom.
The UK Government’s position is clear.
We have regular and ongoing work on the abuse of the common travel area, which is right and proper.