I call the Leader of the Opposition.
I join the Prime Minister in his words about yesterday’s awful events in Hainault.
I am sure that the whole House will want to commend the first responders and send our deepest condolences to the family of the 14-year-old boy who was murdered.
I join the Prime Minister in his remarks about the attack in the school in Sheffield as well.
I know that everyone in the House will be delighted to see His Majesty the King returning to his public duties and looking so well.
We all wish him and the Princess of Wales the best in their continued recovery.
I welcome my hon.
Friend  the Member for Central Suffolk and North Ipswich (Dr Poulter)  to his place on the Labour Benches.
After nearly two decades as a Tory politician and an NHS doctor, he has concluded that if you care about the future of our country and our NHS, it is time for change; it is time for this changed Labour party.
As of today, he is our newest Labour MP, but I am sure he will not mind my saying that I hope he loses that title on Friday.
When a lifelong Tory and doctor says that “the only cure” for the NHS is a Labour Government, is it not time that the Prime Minister admits that he has utterly failed?
I am glad to actually see  the hon.
Member for Central Suffolk and North Ipswich (Dr Poulter)  in the House, because he recently pointed out that residents under his local Labour council are
“charged much more in council tax but in return receive…lower quality”
services.
He has been wrong about some things recently, but on that point he is absolutely right, and this week, people everywhere should vote Conservative.
The Prime Minister comes out with all that nonsense, but he locks himself away in his Downing Street bunker, moaning that people are not grateful enough to him.
The reality is that Tory MPs are following Tory voters in concluding that only the Labour party can deliver the change that the country needs.
I say to those Tory voters that if they believe in a better Britain, they are safe with this changed Labour party, and it is for them.
In the two weeks since we last met at the Dispatch Box, has the Prime Minister managed to find the money for his completely unfunded £46 billion promise to scrap national insurance?
We addressed that a few weeks ago, and I am happy to address it again.
I know that economics is not the right hon.
and learned Gentleman’s strong point, but he would do well to listen to his shadow Education Secretary,  the hon.
Member for Houghton and Sunderland South (Bridget Phillipson) , who just this morning said, “No, that’s not how it works.”
Indeed, the Institute for Fiscal Studies has also said that the link between national insurance and public services funding is “illusory”—just like Labour’s economic plans.
However, it is crystal clear that there is one party that will deliver tax cuts for working Britain, and it is the Conservative party. [
Interruption.]
Order.
Whoever is banging the furniture will have to pay for it if they damage it.
Can we have less of that?
We are not in the sixth form now.
That was a long, rambling non-answer to the question, which was: has the Prime Minister found the money to fund his £46 billion promise to abolish national insurance?
Whenever he is asked about the date of the election, or about people’s pensions, he acts as if answering straightforward questions is somehow beneath him, but pensioners and those who are planning their retirement deserve better than his contempt for their questions.
If £46 billion were cut from its funding, the value of the state pension would almost halve, so I do not apologise for asking him again—[Interruption.]
Order.