Friend for his work in this area and his continued interest in it.
The Government have made it absolutely clear that we have no plans to agree an EU-wide youth mobility scheme for the reason that he has highlighted, but we are open to negotiating with individual member states individual arrangements that suit the United Kingdom and Scotland.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the cost of living in Scotland.
This Government have demonstrated their commitment to supporting households across the United Kingdom and in Scotland with the cost of living, with a £108 billion package of support—one of the largest in Europe.
Inflation is now at 3.2%, which is less than half its recent peak, and is expected to fall to its 2% target one year earlier than expected.
According to the Scottish Parliament’s own research as well as the Fraser of Allander Institute, the Scottish Government’s child poverty targets for 2023-24 are not set to be met.
Given the dereliction of their net zero targets and the widening attainment gap, does the Minister agree that the Scottish Government have given up on governing and given up on the future of Scottish children?
I agree with the hon.
Member: the SNP gave up governing in Scotland a long time ago thanks to its continued obsession with independence and referendums.
The UK Government remain committed to supporting  households across Scotland, demonstrated through our 6.7% increase in working age benefits, our maintaining the triple lock for 12 million pensioners and our cut to national insurance.
I call the shadow Minister.
I wish Humza Yousaf well for the future, but after his year in office, nobody in Scotland is better off, and that is coupled with our having a Prime Minister who is clinging on to power.
Child poverty is up.
Life expectancy is falling.
NHS waiting lists are up.
Drug deaths are up.
Homelessness is up.
Economic growth has flatlined.
Is it not the inescapable truth that Scots have been failed by two Governments for far too long?
Does the Minister agree that what Scotland needs now is to be rid of both these distracted, incompetent and hopelessly out-of-touch Governments?
I certainly agree that the SNP Government have not been focused on the day job.
They have been neglecting Scotland’s schools, NHS and transport network.
They have not been getting on with the day job, but the harsh reality is that whoever is elected to replace Humza Yousaf as First Minister will still have the same obsession with independence and referendums.
What recent assessment he has made of the impact of the UK internal market on the Scottish economy.
The Government’s assessment is that our internal market is the essential basis on which businesses are able to trade freely across the United Kingdom, minimising red tape and maximising opportunities.
In Scotland, 60% of outgoing trade is with the rest of the United Kingdom—more than with the rest of the world combined.
The internal market is beneficial for all parts of the United Kingdom.
It is, however, more important to those areas where there is a border.
Does the Minister therefore agree that the internal market should be very helpful in maintaining and developing economic activity in the borderlands area, and will he consider a second borderlands growth deal, which would certainly help the area on both sides of the border?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: the UK’s internal market is essential to promoting economic activity, ensuring that businesses in the borders—in my constituency, in Carlisle and beyond—benefit from frictionless trade with the rest of the United Kingdom.
The borderlands growth deal, which includes a £265 million investment from the UK Government, was signed in July 2021, and is developing a range of projects to further boost economic growth.
When the BBC has the headline on its webpage, “Why has Ireland got so much surplus cash?”