This adviser calls them “codgers”.
He thinks that supporting them is a “disgrace”, and he believes that their free TV licences are “ridiculous”.
It is Labour who hit pensioners with tax after tax, and they would do it all over again.
Is it any wonder that the Prime Minister’s MPs are following Tory voters in queuing up to dump his party?
Even the Mayors who he is apparently pinning his political survival on do not want to be seen anywhere near him, because until he starts setting out how he is paying for his fantasy economics, he has a completely unfunded £46 billion promise that puts people’s retirement at risk.
How does it feel to be one day out from elections with the message, “Vote Tory, risk your pension”?
Tomorrow, voters will have a choice.
It will be a choice between Mayors like Andy Street and Ben Houchen, who are delivering, or Mayors like Sadiq Khan, who simply virtue-signal.
It is higher taxes, more crime and the ultra low emission zone with Labour, or lower taxes and better services with the Conservatives—that is the choice.
From the West Midlands to Teesside to London, there is only one choice: vote Conservative.
We can see the Rwanda deterrent is working, and we have now deported our first illegal migrant, but, unsurprisingly, Labour just does not care.
The shadow Home Secretary is busy posing for pics encouraging more boats to come over.
The leader of the Labour party has said he would cancel the Rwanda flights.
He took the knee when signing letters stopping us deporting foreign national offenders who have committed crimes such as murder and rape, and he would do a deal with the EU, surrendering our borders to 100,000 legal migrants.
Is it not right that only the Conservatives will stop the boats and cut legal migration?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Our plan is working.
Legal migration, the latest figures show, is down by 24% and student dependants down by 80%.
We all know Labour’s big idea: it is to scrap the Rwanda plan even when it is operational.
However, as one senior Labour adviser said to Andrew Marr just yesterday:
“'We can’t just come in, tear it up, and have nothing to put in its place”.
I am sorry to break it to Labour Members, but that is exactly their policy.
While we are getting on and stopping the boats, all Labour would do is stop the planes.
I call the SNP leader.
On Monday, the Armed Forces Minister could neither confirm nor deny that UK troops may soon be deployed on the ground in the middle east.
The public watching will be hoping that Members of this House do not have a short memory when it comes to the potential deployment and involvement of our military in the middle east.
Can I ask the Prime Minister to provide some much-needed clarity: is he giving active consideration to the deployment of UK forces in the middle east—yes or no?
Mr Speaker, you would not expect me to get into any operational planning details, but what I will say is that we are absolutely committed to supporting international effort to get more humanitarian aid into Gaza, which I think the whole House would support, by land, sea and air.
We have tripled our aid commitment, and right now—together with the US, Cyprus and other partners—we are setting up a new temporary pier off the coast of Gaza to get aid in as securely and quickly as possible.
Let us all be in no doubt: aid is required in Gaza, and it is required because, when people are not being bombed, they are starving to death.
The solution to that is a ceasefire and the opening of safe ground aid routes, not the involvement on the ground of UK military personnel.