I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
Never before has such rubbish been uttered about a piece of legislation as has been uttered about the Hate Crime Act.
In one week, the Tories have tried to repeal it—which, given that it mainly consolidates existing legislation, will leave us unprotected against islamophobia, racism and homophobia.
Will the Secretary of State now issue one of his famous colonial decrees and tell the Scottish Tories to back off?
First of all, those laws already existed—that is the important thing.
Secondly, I was right about police resources.
There were 8,000 hate crime reports in the first week, more than in any of the seven preceding years.
It is a ridiculous, unnecessary piece of legislation.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 1 May.
I know the thoughts of the whole House are with the people of Hainault in east London following yesterday’s appalling attacks.
Such violence has no place on our streets.
It is absolutely heartbreaking that a teenage boy has died, and I cannot imagine what his family are going through.
We send them our heartfelt condolences and offer our very best wishes to all those injured.
I reiterate my thanks to the police and other emergency first responders for embodying the highest standards of public service under such awful circumstances.
I know our thoughts are also with those injured this morning in an attack at a school in Sheffield.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
We know that more than one in five teenagers are vaping, with some experts describing it as an epidemic.
Yesterday, new research suggested that teenagers who vape could be at risk of exposure to toxic metals, potentially harming brain or organ development.
I agree with the Prime Minister in his wish to reduce the harms caused by smoking and vaping through the Tobacco and Vapes Bill.
Does he agree that permitting football strips to be sponsored by vaping companies sends entirely the wrong message to young people, and that it is time to ban vape companies from advertising on sports strips?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question.
Obviously, decisions about kit sponsorship will rest with individual teams, but I agree with her that it is important that we do everything we can to tackle the scourge of teenage vaping.
That is why I am glad that she supports our Bill, which will not only clamp down on marketing and availability of flavours, targeting point-of-sale purchases, but improve funding for trading standards to clamp down on those selling vapes illegally to children.
My husband is a veteran, and the defence of the country is the Government’s first duty, in order to protect people across the United Kingdom.
Can the Prime Minister reassure the House that he has a plan in place for backing our world-leading armed services, and does he know why the Opposition refuse to back his plan?
I start by paying tribute to my hon.
Friend’s husband and all our veterans for their service to our country.
In the most uncertain times since the cold war, it is right that we build our security, protecting our values, our interests and indeed our nation.
That is why this Government have taken the step to increase defence spending to 2.5% of GDP, making us the biggest spender in Europe under NATO.
When the Labour leader stands up, I hope he stops dithering, does the right thing and confirms that he will back our plan to increase defence spending.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
I join the Prime Minister in his words about yesterday’s awful events in Hainault.
I am sure that the whole House will want to commend the first responders and send our deepest condolences to the family of the 14-year-old boy who was murdered.