Whenever he is asked about the date of the election, or about people’s pensions, he acts as if answering straightforward questions is somehow beneath him, but pensioners and those who are planning their retirement deserve better than his contempt for their questions.
If £46 billion were cut from its funding, the value of the state pension would almost halve, so I do not apologise for asking him again—[Interruption.]
Order.
Mr Gullis, you have the next question, which you are not going to reach at this rate, and you have the ten-minute rule Bill.
I would be quiet for a while if I were you.
I do not apologise for asking on pensioners’ behalf again whether the Prime Minister will finally rule out cutting their state pension to fulfil the enormous black hole in his spending plans.
Of course we can rule that out.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman should stop scaremongering, because it is thanks to the triple lock that we have increased pensions by £3,700 since 2010, and they will rise in each and every year of the next Parliament.
It is Labour who always hit pensioners hard.
It is his mentors, Blair and Brown, who broke their promises, raised pension taxes by £118 billion, and delivered an insulting 75p rise in the state pension.
As one former Labour adviser just said, Brown “destroyed our pensions system”.
They did it before, they will do it again.
Labour always betrays our pensioners.
It is clear that the Prime Minister cannot answer the question of where he is going to find this £46 billion. [
Interruption.]
No, he has said where it  is not coming from; he has not said where it is coming from.
Luckily for him, one of his peers, Lord Frost—yes, him again—does know.
He says that to solve the problem of the Tories’ spending plans, the state pension age should be raised to 75.
Understandably, that will cause some alarm, so will the Prime Minister rule out forcing people to delay their retirement by years and years in order to fulfil his £46 billion black hole?
I have answered this multiple times for the right hon.
and learned Gentleman, but I am happy to say it again: the Conservative party is the party that has delivered and protected the triple lock.
Ultimately, he is not worried about any of this, because as we all remember, he has his very own personal pension plan.
Indeed, it comes with its very own special law: it was called the Pensions Increase (Pension Scheme for Keir Starmer QC) Regulations.
It is literally one law for him and another one for everyone else.
The Prime Minister wants to abolish national insurance, which will cost £46 billion, and he will not tell us where the money is coming from.
We are no closer to an answer.
I am going to persevere.
Last year, the Prime Minister was apparently drawing up plans to remove the winter fuel allowance from pensioners.
His Paymaster General went a step further, saying:
“these are the sorts of things I think we need to look at”.
Will the Prime Minister now rule out taking pensioners’ winter fuel payments off them to help fund his £46 billion black hole?
It was this Government who, just this winter, provided double the winter fuel payment to support pensioners.
What is crystal clear is that we believe that the double taxation on work is unfair.
We believe that hard work should be rewarded, which is why this week, we are cutting taxes by £900 for everyone in work.
In contrast, it is Labour’s newest tax adviser who thinks that pensioners should be taxed more—those are his words.
This adviser calls them “codgers”.
He thinks that supporting them is a “disgrace”, and he believes that their free TV licences are “ridiculous”.
It is Labour who hit pensioners with tax after tax, and they would do it all over again.