We have tripled our aid commitment, and right now—together with the US, Cyprus and other partners—we are setting up a new temporary pier off the coast of Gaza to get aid in as securely and quickly as possible.
Let us all be in no doubt: aid is required in Gaza, and it is required because, when people are not being bombed, they are starving to death.
The solution to that is a ceasefire and the opening of safe ground aid routes, not the involvement on the ground of UK military personnel.
These are dramatic and potentially dangerous developments, so will the Prime Minister confirm to the House today that, before he makes a decision, all Members will be afforded a vote?
I am not going to apologise for our armed forces playing a leading role in supporting international effort to get more aid in.
Indeed, we are sending Royal Navy support ship RFA Cardigan Bay to the region to support that effort.
The right hon.
Gentleman  talks about this conflict; the fastest way to end it is to ensure that we have a hostage deal that gets hostages out and aid in, and for there to be a sustainable pause in the fighting.
It seems clear that there now is a workable offer on the table, so I hope he joins me in encouraging all parties, including Hamas, to accept that deal so we can move towards a sustainable solution.
My right hon.
Friend’s decision to cancel HS2 led to £207 million for Herefordshire’s potholes and transport infrastructure; Hereford hospital has a new ward, more beds and a new diagnostic centre on the way; £35 million has been allocated to the River Wye recovery plan; inflation is down; the Rwanda Bill has been passed; and defence spending is increasing.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree with me that, if he carries on like this, he is going to win the next election?
I am thankful for my hon.
Friend highlighting the work that the Government are doing, whether that is increasing our defence spending to keep us safe, securing our borders with our Rwanda Act, cutting taxes by £900 or raising the state pension by £900.
I am also pleased that, locally in Herefordshire, we are filling in potholes, helping to save the River Wye and improving local health services.
It is crystal clear that it is the Conservative Government who have a plan and are delivering a brighter future for our country.
In February, the Foreign Secretary said that it would be difficult for a ground offensive on Rafah to avoid harming civilians and destroying homes, and just yesterday, the Deputy Foreign Secretary admitted that he was struggling to see how such an attack could be compliant with international humanitarian law.
All the signs are that Netanyahu is about to defy the international community, and that an attack on the 1.5 million Palestinians sheltering in Rafah is imminent.
If that attack begins, will that be the moment when the Prime Minister finally finds the moral backbone to ban arms exports to Israel, and if not, how much more suffering has to happen before he acts to prevent further UK complicity in crimes against humanity?
What the hon.
Lady did not acknowledge at all is that Israel suffered an appalling terrorist attack that killed hundreds of its citizens, and it does have the right to defend itself.
Of course, as I have been crystal clear, we want to see humanitarian law respected and adhered to by all parties.
Too many civilians have been killed, and we want to see Israel take greater care to avoid harming civilians.