That is done entirely properly, in accordance with the law, with the proper safeguards around it.
As ever, that will continue to be the case during the ongoing work as part of the Rwanda relocations.
I welcome the statement and, in particular, the news that in some categories at least immigration is finally beginning to fall.
On asylum specifically, the Irish Foreign Minister and former Taoiseach, Micheál Martin, complained bitterly just a few days ago that large numbers of asylum seekers were moving from Northern Ireland into the Irish Republic.
Sky News reported yesterday that the Irish Government are seriously contemplating moving police officers to the border to interdict that  flow.
In effect, that would create a hard border on the island of Ireland.
Some of us were lectured for years, including by today’s Opposition spokesman, that the Irish Government would never contemplate that in any circumstances, so the stench of hypocrisy is strong.
Will the Minister assure me that we will never allow the Republic to return those people to Northern Ireland unless and until we can remove illegal cross-channel migrants to France?
As for the contemptible remarks of the SNP spokesman, let me say that at least the UK has a Government, which is more than we can say for Scotland this week.
My right hon.
Friend knows that this Government are resolutely opposed to a hard border on the island of Ireland.
I understand that the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland has requested an urgent meeting with the Irish Government to seek assurances that there will be no adverse implications for the smooth operation of either the common travel area or the Good Friday agreement.
That is an important meeting and he is right to seek it.
I reiterate that we would welcome a returns agreement with the EU.
We think it is right that we explore those opportunities and we will continue to pursue that.
When I was first elected to this House, we often debated safe and legal routes, but we do not hear much about that any more.
Many of my constituents are writing to me because they want a family reunion scheme for their relatives in Gaza.
I recently co-authored a report with Helena Kennedy recommending that the UK Government have a humanitarian visa for women in Afghanistan and Iraq.
Will the Minister therefore tell me whether the Government have any plans to announce any safe and legal routes before the next general election?
I am sure the hon.
and learned Lady has followed the position closely.
Through the Illegal Migration Act 2023, we made a commitment, which was reflected in the legislation, to publish the cap and the statutory instrument that sits alongside it, which will support our efforts to provide resettlement opportunities in this country for people in the years ahead.
That work is on track and we will deliver on that commitment, and I will be able to say more in due course.
In December, Care England appeared before my Select Committee and told us that the care sector had been “blindsided” by the change to ban overseas care workers from bringing dependants to the UK.
The Government’s impact assessment said that the policy would not affect the number of those applying to come here and help look after our constituents, yet today’s figures show that care worker applications have decreased by more than half.
We all want to see a care sector sustained by domestic labour—why wouldn’t we?
However, with 152,000 vacancies to the end of March this year, is that decrease the intention or the unintended consequence of these changes?
As I have consistently described, the situation on dependants has been unsustainable.
As I said in answer to an earlier question, we saw 120,000 dependants coming with 100,000 care workers.
That position could not realistically continue to be sustained.