We will repurpose that money to smash the criminal smuggler gangs with our new cross-border police unit and a security partnership with Europol.
Crucially, our new returns and enforcement unit will ensure that more flights take off to other countries, which will remove foreign criminals, failed asylum seekers and visa overstayers so that we can restore some control and integrity to our asylum system in a way that is firm, fair and well managed.
We will also end the use of 250 asylum hotels and other inappropriate accommodation for asylum seekers, which is costing the British taxpayer millions of pounds every single day.
It is painful to hear the Minister bragging today about the reduction in the number of health and social care visas awarded as a way of bringing down net migration—first, because it is based on such a small data sample; secondly, because this is only one sector of the economy; and, thirdly, because the Minister seems to care not one iota what the reduction in workers will mean for our elderly parents.
Where is the impact assessment, and where is the plan to recruit local talent?
Can the Minister explain why net migration has trebled since his party pledged during the 2019 general election to lower it?
Will he admit that the huge surge in work-based migration over recent years is evidence of this Government’s total failure to deliver on domestic skills and training?
Labour pushed the Government into scrapping the unfair 20% wage discount for jobs on the shortage occupation list, which allowed companies to undercut British workers by hiring overseas.
Can he explain why it took so long for his party to steal our policy?
On asylum, Home Office sources have told The Times that only 400 to 700 detention spaces are reserved for migrants who are due for deportation to Rwanda.
Can the Minister confirm that this equates to less than 1% of the current asylum backlog in the UK?
The Prime Minister promised to detain everyone who has crossed  the channel on a small boat—over 30,000 last year.
Given that we have only 2,200 detention spaces, what will happen to the remaining 28,000?
The Government’s immigration and asylum policies have failed.
We need to put the grown-ups back in charge so that we can fix this broken system and once again give our country an asylum and immigration system that it can be proud of.
What a quite extraordinary response!
The fact is that this is a Government who have a credible plan to bring net migration down by 300,000, and all those measures are now in flight.
As I have been able to set out for the House, it is beginning to deliver the results we said it would deliver.
I will take no lectures from the shadow Front Bench about the issue of domestic employment.
I was one of the Ministers in the Department for Work and Pensions that was proud to bring forward the back to work plan and the comprehensive reforms of the welfare system that we are taking forward as a Government.
We are also seeing enormous cross-Government join-up to support more domestic workers into those roles.
That is the right thing to do: to support people in this country to take on those roles and fill those vacancies.
And let us not forget the record of every single Labour Government: without fail, they leave unemployment higher at the time of leaving office than it was at the start.
Under this Government, we have seen record low unemployment benefiting communities across the country.
We have begun the process of delivering the measures in relation to legal migration, and we are also delivering when it comes to illegal migration.
We have a plan.
We are now getting on and closing hotels—150 asylum hotels have been closed.
That is a positive thing.