Friend is absolutely right: the UK’s internal market is essential to promoting economic activity, ensuring that businesses in the borders—in my constituency, in Carlisle and beyond—benefit from frictionless trade with the rest of the United Kingdom.
The borderlands growth deal, which includes a £265 million investment from the UK Government, was signed in July 2021, and is developing a range of projects to further boost economic growth.
When the BBC has the headline on its webpage, “Why has Ireland got so much surplus cash?”
is it not clear that the reality is that independent Ireland is more successful in the European and world markets than  Scotland, trapped in the UK?
Ireland has a surplus of £8.6 billion to spend on its society.
The UK has a deficit and cuts, which are hurting people.
Will the Minister remind us of the size of the UK deficit?
I am very clear that Scotland is better served by being at the heart of a strong United Kingdom.
The spending figures of the Scottish Government are very clear, in terms of their dependency on Scotland being part of the UK to support vital public services like the NHS, schools and the transport network.
I call Stewart Malcolm McDonald—not here.
What discussions he has had with the Scottish Government on the biodiversity of Scotland’s rivers and streams.
Water quality policy is devolved in Scotland.
The Scottish Government are responsible for biodiversity in rivers and streams in Scotland, not the United Kingdom Government.
It is for the Scottish Government to take action in this vital area.
Is it not the truth that Scottish waters, streams and rivers are purer and cleaner because the Scottish people rejected the privatisation of water and, led by Scottish Labour, made sure that we had Scottish water in the public realm and delivered clean water for everyone?
The hon.
Member is absolutely wrong.
According to a recent report, untreated sewage has been released into Scottish waters and seas more than 58,000 times over the past five years, but only 4% of sewage overflows in Scotland are required to be monitored, unlike in England and Wales, where nearly 100% are monitored, thanks to the efforts of this Government.
Unlike this Government, the Scottish Government and Scottish Water are failing to take tough action to monitor sewage overflows and protect our very important waterways.
What recent discussions he has had with the Scottish Government on the protection of free speech in Scotland.
This Government are committed to protecting free speech.
It is the responsibility of the Scottish Government and Scottish Parliament, working with Police Scotland, to ensure that the hate crime legislation is implemented and enforced in a way that protects freedom of speech and has the confidence of people in Scotland.
The Scottish Government’s Hate Crime and Public Order (Scotland) Act 2021 came into force this month and is already having a chilling impact on free speech.
What lessons can the UK Government learn from the introduction of this poor legislation in Scotland?
Yes, and Police Scotland already has stretched resources—not least because it has been checking up on the SNP finances for the last three years.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right, and we do have concerns that the legislation could have a potential chilling effect on free speech, but it is for the Scottish Government to speak to their own devolved laws.
For my part, I believe it is an awful piece of legislation; it lacks clarity on what constitutes an offence, and, importantly, my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister has made it very clear that the UK Government will not enact similar legislation.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
Never before has such rubbish been uttered about a piece of legislation as has been uttered about the Hate Crime Act.
In one week, the Tories have tried to repeal it—which, given that it mainly consolidates existing legislation, will leave us unprotected against islamophobia, racism and homophobia.