I hear them say the same from a sedentary position. [
Interruption.]
Bring it on!
Chaps and chapesses over there, start polishing up your CVs.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
I, too, on behalf of the SNP group, put on record our sincere thanks to Humza Yousaf for his public service over the months and years.
I wish him, Nadia and the rest of his family all the best in their future.
Let me also observe that fewer people in Scotland will see our proceedings today as Scottish Television is currently blacked out because of a strike by TV journalists.
I implore the management of STV to get back around the table with the National Union of Journalists, improve its pay offer and try to settle this dispute.
The Budget that was approved a few months ago also contains forward planning assumptions on income and expenditure over the next three to five years.
What assessment has the Secretary of State made of those assumptions on the Scottish public finances?
As I have said before, we have a record block grant.
It is running over a three-year period and it averages out at £41.6 billion, and then there are Barnett consequentials added to that.
This year, that figure is £295 million, based on the spring Budget’s figures.
That sounds like no assessment at all has been made.
The truth is that, according to the Institute for Fiscal Studies, these forward planning assumptions involve public service cuts of up to £20 billion.
That can only imply savage cuts to the Scottish block grant in the next two to three years.
Sadly, these planning assumptions and the framework are endorsed by the Labour party.
So if people vote either Conservative or Labour at the coming election, are they not consenting to massive cuts in public services in Scotland?
Of course I do not agree with those figures.
Public services in Scotland are in a desperate state.
In their recent Budget, the Scottish Government froze council tax, thereby putting more pressure on local authorities to deliver those public services.
What recent discussions he has had with the Secretary of State for Defence on the level of defence spending in Scotland.
What recent discussions he has had with the Secretary of State for Defence on the level of defence spending in Scotland.
Scotland Office Ministers have regular discussions with the Ministry of Defence on all matters relating to defence.
Defence spending contributes significantly to delivering thousands of high-skilled jobs and investment in Scotland.
I welcome the announcement by the Prime Minister that we will increase our defence spending to 2.5% of GDP in response to rising global threats.
Clearly it is good news for the United Kingdom, and Scotland in particular, that 2.5% of GDP will be spent on defence.
Will my right hon.
Friend update the House on the number of jobs that will be protected and potentially be created in Scotland as a result of this decision?
The short answer is that the increased investment announced by the Prime Minister will be focused on firing up the UK industrial base.
The whole United Kingdom will benefit from that, and it will ensure that our armed benefit from the latest technology.
Both of those things will bring economic benefits and support jobs across the whole of the United Kingdom, including Scotland.
At this time of heightened global tension and an illegal war in Ukraine, sparked by the Russians, I am confident that Scotland will play a growing role, as the UK Government ramp up their spending.
Thanks to the armed forces parliamentary scheme, I have been lucky enough to meet some of the amazing military personnel and civilians working at His Majesty’s Naval Base Clyde.
Will my right hon.