It would, of course, be inappropriate for me to comment further on operational activity.
Immigration has enriched this country beyond measure, but it needs to be sustainable and it needs to be fair.
Legal immigration should be focused on helping those in genuine need, and on ensuring that our economy has the skills that it needs in order to flourish.
It is simply not right for those who can afford to pay gangsters to jump ahead of those who would play by the rules, and whose need is greater.
No one needs to flee to the UK from a safe country such as France.
Both illegal immigration and unsustainable legal migration place intolerable burdens on communities, and over time they will undermine support for immigration in general, which would be a tragedy.
That is why this Government have a plan, which we are putting into action.
There is further to go, but we are seeing its positive impact already.
I commend this statement to the House.
I call the shadow Minister.
I thank the Minister for advance sight of his statement, but I have to say that this really is getting quite difficult to watch.
Not for the first time, the Minister has come to the Dispatch Box desperately fishing for compliments, when it is his Government, his Home Secretary and his Prime Minister who are the cause of the catastrophic state of both the work-based migration and asylum systems.
This is their bin fire—their chaos—yet they expect praise each time they half-heartedly attempt to throw a single teacup of water towards the flames.
Net migration has trebled since 2019 to a barely comprehensible 745,000.
Under this Government, the number of people crossing in small boats has spiralled  from a few hundred in 2018 to tens of thousands every year.
It was toe-curlingly embarrassing to watch the Minister claim that he has made “solid progress” on stopping the boats, when this year the number of crossers is at the highest level on record—more than 7,000 between January and April.
It was excruciatingly painful to watch the Home Secretary boast on social media about removing people with no right to be here, when the removal of failed asylum seekers has collapsed by 44% under this Government since 2010, when the removal of foreign criminals has plummeted by 27%, and when he has completely lost track of the 3,500 asylum seekers he claims have been identified for deportation to Rwanda.
It is also painful to hear Government figures bragging in the media that their Rwanda policy is somehow a success because a single person, who did not even cross the channel on a small boat, has chosen to fly to Rwanda voluntarily, with thousands of pounds of Government money stuffed into his pocket by the Home Secretary.
This is not a policy; it is a headline-chasing gimmick, a fiasco and a farce.
Labour has been absolutely clear that we reject the £500 million Rwanda scheme, based on its unaffordability and unworkability.
It will cover only 1% of small-boat asylum seekers, and the Government have no plan for the other 99%.
We will repurpose that money to smash the criminal smuggler gangs with our new cross-border police unit and a security partnership with Europol.
Crucially, our new returns and enforcement unit will ensure that more flights take off to other countries, which will remove foreign criminals, failed asylum seekers and visa overstayers so that we can restore some control and integrity to our asylum system in a way that is firm, fair and well managed.
We will also end the use of 250 asylum hotels and other inappropriate accommodation for asylum seekers, which is costing the British taxpayer millions of pounds every single day.