The east of England is playing a lead role in delivering the UK’s energy security, and without our contribution the country will not be able successfully to transition to a renewable energy supply system.
In recent months, our coast has taken a battering, and projects such as the Lowestoft flood defence scheme have been postponed.
Will my right hon.
Friend ensure that Departments are fully co-ordinated, so as to provide the region with good supporting infrastructure, proper protection for coastal communities, and every opportunity for local people to take up exciting new jobs?
We are levelling up across the United Kingdom and investing in places that need it the most, including, as my hon.
Friend rightly highlights,  our coastal communities.
Almost £1 billion of levelling-up funding has been allocated to the east of England, including £75 million for coastal places.
I know that he welcomes the town deal for Lowestoft in particular.
I will ensure that he gets a meeting with the relevant Minister to discuss how we can further support his region with its role in our energy security, and, in particular, its coastal communities.
Greenpeace Unearthed found 36 supposed grassroots campaign groups that were actually administered by Conservative staff and activists and which were forums for vile racism, antisemitism and Islamophobic attacks on Sadiq Khan.
While the Prime Minister is above such co-ordinated efforts against 20 mph zones in Wales, will he shed some light on these shady groups spreading abuse, including on their funding and their links to his party, and whether he is aware of similar operations existing elsewhere in the UK?
If he will not, will he at least commit today to investigating and taking action to tackle the sources of this grubby gutter politics?
I am not aware of the topic that the hon.
Lady raises, but I am not going to make any apology for Conservatives pointing out the record of the SNP in Scotland or the Labour Government in Wales, because that is exactly what the democratic process is about.
She might not like it when we highlight their record, but we will keep doing that so that we can deliver for people across the United Kingdom.
I welcome our Government’s commitments to boosting defence spending and supporting Ukraine, made possible by this Conservative Prime Minister’s international leadership and sound management of the economy.
My constituents have been doing us proud supporting Ukraine, with the Pot Place Garden Centre delivering ambulances, medical equipment and supplies, and Steve Hodgson providing vital aid.
Will the Prime Minister join me in paying tribute to my constituents and people up and down the land for their support for Ukraine and reaffirm that we will continue to stand with Ukraine for the sake of freedom, democracy and global security?
I join my hon.
Friend in thanking people up and down the country, including his constituents, for their fantastic work in supporting the Ukrainian community in the face of Putin’s illegal invasion.
We remain steadfast in support of Ukraine.
In total, since the war began, we have pledged over £12 billion of aid to Ukraine.
Last week, we announced an additional half a billion pounds of funding, which will be used to deliver much-needed ammunition, air defence and engineering support and drones.
More importantly—President Zelensky welcomed this—we are now able to say, because of the historic increase in our defence spending, that we will continue with this level of support for as long as it takes.
It is crystal clear that, on the Government Benches, we can say that our support for Ukraine will never waver.
In 1969, my constituent Georgina Jacobs gave birth to a baby boy whom she named Robert.
Sadly, Robert was born asleep.
In those days, the hospitals would ask the  father to collect the baby’s body, take it to the cemetery and leave it there for burial.
For 53 years, Georgina did not know exactly where Robert was buried.