Lady makes a very important point that the Irish Government must uphold their promises, too.
We cannot have cherry-picking of important international agreements.
The Secretary of State is seeking urgent clarification that there will be no disruption or police checkpoints at or near the border.
I can confirm that the United Kingdom has no legal obligation to accept returns of illegal migrants from Ireland.
It is no surprise that our robust approach to illegal migration is providing a deterrent, but the answer is not to send police to villages in Donegal but to work with us in partnership to strengthen our external borders all around the common travel area that we share.
I was the Lord Commissioner who signed into law the special pension of the right hon.
and learned Member for Holborn and St Pancras (Keir Starmer).
He owes me one!
The Prime Minister is right: Labour’s 75p was an insult to pensioners, yet last year our triple lock afforded pensioners the highest increase in 30 years.
The Prime Minister is going to continue to deliver dignity in retirement, is he not?
My right hon.
Gentleman is right that we will provide dignity to all those in retirement.
That is why we introduced the triple lock and why this year the state pension is rising by £900.
I am also proud of our record to bring 200,000 pensioners out of poverty.
As I have said previously, the state pension will increase in each and every year of the next Parliament.
He reminds us of the 75p increase—unlike Labour, pensioners in this country can trust the Conservatives.
In only one of the 194 local authority areas in England are NHS ambulances meeting the national response time targets for potential heart attack and stroke victims.
Does the Prime Minister know which one it is?
When it comes to ambulance waiting times in A&E, of course there is work to do, but the place where they are the worst in the country is in Labour-run Wales.
Thanks to our plan, we have seen an improvement in A&E and ambulance times this winter compared with last winter.
We have 800 more ambulances on the road, faster discharge out of our emergency care centres and 10,000 virtual ward beds.
As I said, there is more to do, but the contrast with Labour-run Wales is crystal clear: it has the worst A&E performance anywhere in Great Britain.
For six months, thousands of my constituents have lived with foul polluted air from the Withyhedge landfill site.
The company is owned by someone with previous convictions for environmental crimes, who a few months ago gave £200,000 to help Vaughan Gething become First Minister  of Wales, after another of his companies was loaned £400,000 from the Development Bank of Wales, overseen by the then Economy Minister Vaughan Gething.
Does the Prime Minister agree that this serious matter demands an independent investigation?
It is not some internal Labour party matter.
Ultimately, that company needs to get out of my constituency and let people in Pembrokeshire have their quality of life back.
My right hon.
Friend brings up an incredibly important issue.
I know that people in Wales are concerned about the relationship he mentions.
I also agree with him on the need for transparency and an investigation regarding the Welsh Labour leader, because it is very clear that the situation is not at all transparent and answers are needed.
It has been revealed by The Observer newspaper that the Conservative candidate for the Mayor of London is a member of the six Facebook groups mentioned by  the hon.
Member for Edinburgh North and Leith (Deidre Brock) .
They are full of Islamophobia, antisemitism and the most disgraceful incitement to damaging property.
The worst bit, for those of us who were in the House when our Members of Parliament were taken, are the death threats to the current Mayor of London, Mr Khan.