Member for Edinburgh North and Leith (Deidre Brock) .
They are full of Islamophobia, antisemitism and the most disgraceful incitement to damaging property.
The worst bit, for those of us who were in the House when our Members of Parliament were taken, are the death threats to the current Mayor of London, Mr Khan.
Will the Prime Minister close down those Facebook pages, which were begun by Conservative members of staff, and will he investigate the role of the current candidate and her membership of those disgraceful racist Facebook groups?
The election tomorrow will be fought on the substance of the issues that Londoners face.
The Labour record is crystal clear: house building in London has collapsed; knife crime is rising; mayoral taxes are up 70%; and drivers have been hit with ULEZ charges.
The Labour Mayor simply panders to unions and has decimated London’s night-time economy.
That is his record and that is how he will be judged.
People across London know that they will be safer with the Conservatives, with lower taxes and better services.
Today is Staffordshire Day, when we celebrate all the brilliant things about the county of Staffordshire.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in paying tribute to our brilliant police, fire and crime commissioner, Ben Adams, and encourage the people of Staffordshire to vote for Ben tomorrow to ensure that Staffordshire remains one of the safest places to live, work and visit?
I wish everyone a happy Staffordshire Day.
My right hon.
Friend mentions the police and crime commissioner elections.
It is right that she does, because under this Conservative Government and previous Conservative Governments we have cut crime by over 50% and delivered 20,000 more police officers.
People with a Labour police and crime commissioner are more likely to be victims of burglary and are twice as likely to be victims of robbery.
As I said, last year knife crime in London went up by 20%.
The facts speak for themselves: vote Conservative for safer streets.
With permission, I would like to make a statement on immigration.
The Government are committed to reducing immigration—both legal and illegal—into the United Kingdom.
Legal immigration has risen in recent years in part because we have extended the hand of friendship to people fleeing conflict and persecution in Ukraine, Hong Kong and Afghanistan.
That was the right thing to do.
But another factor has been the numbers of overseas students and workers and their dependants rising to unsustainable levels.
The steps that the Secretary of State for the Home Department, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Braintree (James Cleverly)  announced last year to cut net migration will mean that around 300,000 people who would have been eligible to come to the UK will now not be.
We have restricted most students from bringing dependent family members, increased the salary that most skilled worker migrants need to earn in order to obtain a visa by nearly 50% to £38,700, stopped overseas care workers bringing dependent family members with them, raised the minimum income for family visas to ensure that people are supported financially, and scrapped the 20% going rate salary discount for shortage occupations and replaced the shortage occupation list with a new immigration salary discount list.
The latest estimates from the Office for National Statistics show that net migration in the year to June 2023 was 672,000, 73,000 lower than it was six months earlier.
The figures are provisional and we need to go further, but these are encouraging signs.
The latest statistics show that the numbers applying for skilled worker, health and care and study visas in the first three months of 2024 were down by 24% on the same period last year.
We removed, from  1 January , the right of students starting courses—other than those on postgraduate research programmes and Government-funded scholarships—to bring dependants to the UK via the student visa route.