Sadly, Robert was born asleep.
In those days, the hospitals would ask the  father to collect the baby’s body, take it to the cemetery and leave it there for burial.
For 53 years, Georgina did not know exactly where Robert was buried.
When she eventually found him, she shared her story on social media, and other mothers who had been through the same experience got in touch.
Since then, she has located over 60 babies on behalf of grieving parents and has deservedly been presented with the Wirral award for her achievements.
Will the Prime Minister join me in congratulating Georgina on her award and on having brought comfort to so many parents and families?
Will he, on behalf of all previous Governments, apologise for that former practice, which left grieving parents with nowhere to visit their buried children?
I thank and commend the hon.
Lady for raising that case, and I pay tribute to Georgina for what she is doing.
I often say that one of the most incredible things about doing this job is meeting people like Georgina, who have suffered tragedy in their lives but used that to campaign, inspire and bring about a better life for everyone else.
She is a prime example of that, and she deserves nothing but our praise and admiration.
I am so pleased that she has brought comfort to so many other people, too.
Since I was elected in 2010, Rugby has seen employment grow by nearly 6,000, with 10% more of my constituents in work.
Much of that has been driven by investment in advanced manufacturing in places such as Ansty Park, where we have got the Manufacturing Technology Centre, which the Prime Minister visited, the High Temperature Research Centre, Rolls-Royce, Parker Meggitt, Fanuc and the London Electric Vehicle Company.
Given that every Labour Government have left office with unemployment higher than when they came in, can the Prime Minister see any reason why anybody would want to put this fantastic progress at risk?
On a recent visit, I was pleased to see for myself that my hon.
Friend is a great champion for his constituents.
I was very pleased to see the thriving local technology and manufacturing industry, which will help us deliver on our ambitions to make the UK a science and technology superpower.
He is right that we have a record 1 million fewer workless households, and unemployment near record lows.
He is also right that we need to stick to the plan, because that is how we will deliver the long-term change that our country needs and a brighter future for families up and down the country, including in his constituency.
Hypocrisy needs to be called out.
Everyone in this House will recall the former Irish Prime Minister in Brussels with a photograph of a bombed customs post, lamenting that any border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland was unworkable, in breach of the Belfast agreement and could result in such troubles again.
The hypocrisy of the Irish Government position has not been not lost on us, with the Irish police now tasked to patrol the border to protect from the unsubstantiated, unfounded 80% of asylum seekers who supposedly—actually, the reverse is true—make their way to the Republic of Ireland from the UK via Northern Ireland.
Will the Prime Minister challenge and call out  those actions, and confirm what representations he has made to the Irish Prime Minister and the Irish Justice Minister about the integrity of our UK border?
The House will be aware that we have made commitments to avoid a hard border on the island of Ireland.
The hon.
Lady makes a very important point that the Irish Government must uphold their promises, too.
We cannot have cherry-picking of important international agreements.
The Secretary of State is seeking urgent clarification that there will be no disruption or police checkpoints at or near the border.