The Government absolutely understand how difficult it is for local authorities to make ends meet.
We understand that the pressures in adult social care, children’s social services and temporary accommodation are biting hard, and we are working through those issues with the sector.
Before the next business, I have a short statement to make.
In media interviews last week, the Chancellor announced that she intended to introduce changes to the fiscal rules relating to the funding of day- to-day spending through tax receipts, and to the measurement of public debt.
These are major new policy announcements, with significant and wide-ranging implications for the Government’s fiscal policy and for the public finances.
It is evident to me that they should therefore have been made in this House in the first instance, and not to the world’s media.
This principle is clearly and unambiguously set out in paragraph 9.1 of the ministerial code.
While this can hardly be described as a leak—the Chancellor herself gave interviews on the record, and on camera—the premature disclosure of the contents of the Budget has always been regarded as a supreme discourtesy to the House; indeed, I still regard it as such.
I am very disappointed that the Chancellor expects the House to wait nearly a full week to hear her repeat the announcements in the Budget statement on Wednesday.
I have always defended the undoubted right of this House, including the Opposition parties and Back Benchers in all parts of the House, to be the first to hear  major Government policy announcements.
When such announcements are made, Ministers should expect to face proper, sustained scrutiny from the elected Members of this House, not American news channels.
I can assure the Government that that is still my firm view, and that I will use the powers I have to make sure the House is able to hold Ministers to account.
I am glad that there will be a statement later on fiscal rules—perhaps that is no coincidence.
Hon.
Members may be wondering how they will get a seat on Wednesday, but to be quite honest, the way it is going, they will not need one, as we will have heard it all already.
This is not acceptable, and I do not want it to continue.
I want this House—Government and Opposition—to be treated with the respect it deserves.
It is totally unacceptable to go around the world telling everyone rather than Members of this House.
They were elected by the constituents of this country and they deserve to be treated better.
When the Conservatives were the Government, it was Labour complaining to me.
Get your acts together, on all sides, and treat Members with respect.
I remind the House that the case of Christopher Berry and Christopher Cash is sub judice and no reference should be made to it in the House.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs if he will make a statement on his recent visit  to China, on China’s reported human rights abuses in Xinjiang, on the case of Jimmy Lai and on sanctions on British parliamentarians.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his question.
On China, this Government are clear that the UK’s national interests will always come first.
Pragmatic engagement matters, not only to co-operate on shared challenges but to make progress in areas where we disagree.
On my visit I made it clear that Chinese companies must stop supplying equipment to Russia that is being used in Ukraine.
I also highlighted North Korean recklessness in stepping up its support for Putin—a threat to European security and stability in the Korean peninsula.
I was robust on human rights, including in Xinjiang.
I raised our serious concerns—which the right hon.
Gentleman has also raised on many occasions—about the implementation of the national security law in Hong Kong and called for the immediate release of British national Jimmy Lai.