As I am keen to meet  the hon.
Member for Taunton and Wellington (Mr Amos) , I may well meet him too, if he is similarly keen.
Third time lucky: it is Somerset here.
I know that the Government want services—finding a home, looking for help, paying taxes, working, and even learning during covid—to be accessed online, but in my part of mid and north Somerset, people can only dream of gigabit broadband; they would be really happy if they had superfast.
Can the Minister investigate how to inspire a national broadband roll-out programme that is realistic?
Is it time for a new national plan, as access to superfast broadband has so many holes and still costs billions?
I am grateful for the hon.
Lady’s question, and I think of the challenges in my own constituency, where my constituents ask me questions in a similar vein.
To be very clear, the Government know that the market will be able to provide considerable coverage across the country, but that there will always be communities—including her own, I suspect—where that has traditionally been a challenge, and we are committed to making sure that that gap is filled.
We have the same aspiration and, as I say, we intend to meet it as soon as we possibly can.
rose—
Order.
Mr Jermy, you started to bob and then you stopped, so I was not sure you had a question, but please let us hear it.
Many rural villages in my constituency have spent hours producing excellent neighbourhood plans, with some areas hoping to go to public referendum and adoption soon.
Given that such plans help communities  to shape growth, will the Minister confirm what prominence the Government will afford neighbourhood plans as part of planning reforms?
Our commitment as a Government is to bring communities into that conversation and to make sure local leadership has that say in the service of a wider national goal.
If she will take steps to regulate property management service providers.
The Government are committed to ensuring that those living in the rented and leasehold sectors are protected from abuse and poor service at the hands of unscrupulous property agents.
The Government will set out our position on the regulation of letting, managing and estate agents in due course.
I thank the Minister for his reply.
My constituent Paul faces inflation-busting maintenance cost rises and unexpected in-year fees.
His attempts to scrutinise FirstPort’s work and his willingness to fight back have resulted in an exchange of letters with solicitors.
When my hard-working office team asked FirstPort for an explanation of what is going on, the company took more than six weeks to reply with inadequate answers, and it did so only when I took the step of contacting it personally to say that I was raising its name in the House today.
While long-awaited changes are being considered, what would the Minister advise my constituent and others like him to do in the meantime?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for that question, and I am sorry to hear about Paul’s experience with that particular property management company—an experience that will, I know, be reflected in the experiences of many others across the country.
There are two existing routes to redress in such circumstances, the property redress scheme and the property ombudsman scheme, to which people can submit complaints.
I will happily write to the hon.
Gentleman to set out in full the various sources of advice and support and the avenues for redress that his constituent might pursue before we bring in more fundamental changes to the regulation of the sector.
I should draw the House’s attention to the fact I am a leaseholder subject to service charges, as are hundreds of my constituents.
There is very often a real lack of transparency and accountability from service providers.
Bills are not very clear, and it takes quite a lot of effort to understand them.