Hopefully, by putting those two together, we will be able to make significant progress.
I thank the Secretary of State for everything that she is doing to tackle Islamo-phobia.
This anti-Muslim discourse is a scourge on our communities in Burnley, Padiham and Brierfield.
Will she join me in celebrating the work of local volunteers, churches, mosques, Lancashire police and others who organised Burnley’s “Diversity Picnic—Bubbles in the Park”, and who worked so successfully in averting potential disturbances over the summer?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
I cannot wait to join him at Bubbles in the Park on a future date, as Burnley is not that far away from my constituency.
He is absolutely right to celebrate the work of volunteers in communities and public servants, who give their time and energy to strengthen our local areas and bring people together.
Talland Parade is an abandoned and dilapidated row of shops in Seaford, in my constituency.
It has stood empty for 12 years, despite having planning permission in place for much-needed flats.
The council had to take the developer to the High Court just to get some scaffolding removed at the site.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the site, and will the Government consider expanding compulsory purchase powers for councils to allow them to acquire such key sites?
I am grateful for the question.
Of course, I would be very happy to have a meeting.
I point the hon.
Gentleman towards the very helpful innovation of high street rental auctions at the back end of this year, which will give local authorities the tools to bring into use vacant units and to make sure that developers know that they must use them or let somebody else do so.
The planned increase in housing supply is crucial, as we all know, but my residents in West Lancashire are concerned about access to services.
Can the Secretary of State tell us what she is doing to ensure that the increase in housing supply is met with the relevant infrastructure and access to services?
It is incredibly important that the relevant infrastructure, amenities and services are in place.
We have taken a number of steps to better support that in the short period we have been in office, not least through the national planning policy framework, but there is more to be done in that area.
I will keep it under very close review.
What assessment has the Secretary of State made of the merits of reforming the planning system to introduce new measures to help reduce flood risk?
The national planning policy framework is very clear that inappropriate development in areas at risk of flooding should be avoided by directing development away from areas at highest risk, including flood plains.
We consulted in the national planning policy framework consultation and sought views on how the planning system can more effectively manage flood risk.
As I say, my Department is analysing responses, with a view to publishing a Government response before the end of the year.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
The Secretary of State will know the financial difficulties facing so many of our local authorities.
A recent Local Government Association report shows that one in four local authorities will apply for additional funding.
It is fair to say that, for a number of them, March will be too late.
What discussions have been had with the Chancellor to ensure that our local authorities get emergency support?
May I welcome the Chair of the Select Committee to her place?
She will do an outstanding job for local government and housing.
The Government absolutely understand how difficult it is for local authorities to make ends meet.
We understand that the pressures in adult social care, children’s social services and temporary accommodation are biting hard, and we are working through those issues with the sector.
Before the next business, I have a short statement to make.