I was robust on human rights, including in Xinjiang.
I raised our serious concerns—which the right hon.
Gentleman has also raised on many occasions—about the implementation of the national security law in Hong Kong and called for the immediate release of British national Jimmy Lai.
I called on Beijing to lift its unwarranted sanctions against parliamentarians, including the right hon.
Gentleman.
This was a matter that I raised with you, Mr Speaker, before attending.
I raised Taiwan, and warned that cyber-activity or interference in our democracy is unacceptable and will always be met by a strong response.
I also covered areas of mutual interest.
China is the world’s biggest emitter, so we need to co-operate on the global green transition.
It is also the world’s second-largest economy, and our trade with China is worth almost £100 billion.
China has the second- largest number of AI unicorns of any country worldwide.
Like the last Government, we will work with China to create rules to keep the public safe.
This is grown-up diplomacy.
After 14 years of inconsistency under the Conservatives, this Government will set a long-term, consistent and strategic approach to China.
With Foreign Minister Wang Yi,  I agreed to maintain channels of communication at ministerial level.
This brings us up to speed with the United States, whose Secretary of State and Treasury Secretary have both made two visits in the past 18 months, as well as with partners including Australia, France and Germany.
This Government are currently carrying out a China audit to improve our response to the challenges and opportunities that China presents to the UK.
Once it is completed, I will gladly update the House again.
I thank you for granting this urgent question, Mr Speaker.
China is even now carrying out military exercises threatening Taiwan and threatening to blockade it, which would damage all our economies, yet I see in the Foreign Office’s readout after the visit to China that there was absolutely no discussion of that  issue.
Why not?
On human rights in Xinjiang, the House of Commons, including the Labour party in opposition, voted that genocide was taking place in Xinjiang, yet the Foreign Office readout simply said: “Human rights were discussed”.
This is a genocide taking place, with slave labour.
Why is there not more robust condemnation from the Government to China?
In Jimmy Lai’s case, he is a British citizen and a prisoner in Hong Kong for committing no crime whatever.
Did the Foreign Secretary not only call for his release, as he just said, but demand full consular rights of access?
On sanctions on British parliamentarians, the week before last, the Leader of the Opposition asked the Prime Minister whether the Foreign Secretary would tell the Chinese Government to lift the sanctions on parliamentarians.
The Prime Minister said that he would.
However, I see from the Foreign Office read-out that the Foreign Secretary did not even raise that, let alone call on the Chinese Government to lift those sanctions.
Given your brave support, Mr Speaker, for those of us who are sanctioned, I simply ask why the Government cannot follow suit and demand that from the Chinese?
I have just heard—this is my final point—that there is a move in the Foreign Office to lift British sanctions on Chinese officials responsible for the brutal genocide in Xinjiang as a deal to lift the sanctions on parliamentarians here.
I must tell the Foreign Secretary that I, for one, would never accept such a shameful deal at any price, and I hope that he will stamp on that straightaway.
Will he make it clear what our real position is on what is becoming a clear and massive threat to our freedoms?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman again for his interest in my travels, but I have to correct him on a few points.
I did, of course, raise Xinjiang in the context of human rights.