Will Ministers take the opportunity to do so now?
I can see the shadow Secretary of State making that point repeatedly, because at this stage we are all waiting for the statement and the Budget that will contain that information, but I can say that the right decisions will be made in the interests of working people.
We recognise the cost of living crisis that is  being faced across the country.
I am sure that she, like all Members of the House, is waiting with interest for Wednesday.
Local authorities employ 2 million people and commission services such as adult social care.
The impact assessment for the Secretary of State’s Employment Rights Bill says that the Bill will increase costs.
Those costs are likely to be passed on to councils, so has the Secretary of State assessed the impact of the Employment Rights Bill and an increase in employers’ national insurance specifically on local authorities?
If costs do increase, will local councils be compensated?
Any decisions related to the Budget will be taken at the appropriate time, as will any decisions on the local government finance settlement.
What I can say, though, is that this is a new partnership from this Government: we are not locking local government out, but standing shoulder to shoulder with it.
Only last week at the Local Government Association conference in Harrogate, the Secretary of State launched the leaders’ council, a forum where central and local government will reset that relationship.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Rough sleeping is the most visible end of the homelessness crisis, but it is also brutal—the average age of death for rough sleepers in London is just 44.
The rough sleeping initiative is literally saving lives—in Bournemouth, Christchurch and Poole, 102 people are kept alive every year through that programme—but it is due to end in March 2025.
Removing it has been described by local teams as nothing short of catastrophic, so what assessment has taken place of the impact of that initiative, and what assurance can the Secretary of State give local authorities about the maintenance of the scheme so that they can plan for the long term?
Again, I ask hon.
Members to wait for the spending review on Wednesday, and for the provisional settlement in December.
We are under no illusion about the pressures faced by councils on homelessness.
In the end, we need to repair the system, which is about providing safe, secure and affordable housing for people to live in.
We will do that, but we also recognise that there is a problem today.
Further detail on that will follow.
What plans her Department has to develop Stretton Hall through the new homes accelerator programme.
Stretton Hall is one of seven sites that the Government have identified to date that we believe would benefit from support through the new homes accelerator, which is a joint programme between the Department and Homes England aiming to speed  up the delivery of large-scale housing developments  across England.
Documents from Harborough district council reveal that there are sites with a capacity of up to 16,000 homes around Stretton Hall.
The Government’s press release in August said that there would be around 4,000 homes on the site that they are involved in.
Will the Minister confirm which Minister visited the site before the announcement?
Will he agree to publish the methodology that led to our community being selected, and the list of sites that were considered but not selected?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
I have not had the opportunity to visit the site, but I intend to do so in the future, along with the other new homes accelerator sites.
On the point of principle, to meet housing demand and housing need in England, every area of the country must play its part.