North West Leicestershire has a rich mining heritage.
The coalmining industry has been so important to the development of North West Leicestershire that it is literally gives its name to the main urban centre, Coalville.
The coalfields powered Britain, and Kegworth—also in my constituency—is just a stone’s throw away from the last coal-fired power station in the UK, which closed just a few weeks ago.
As is customary in a maiden speech, I will briefly adopt the role of travel agent: I highly recommend that everyone does a tour arranged by the Snibston Heritage Trust in Coalville.
Snibston has one of the last remaining examples of above-ground working of the coalmines.
We also have many pit wheels dotted across the constituency, reminding us of what previously lay beneath our feet.
While in Coalville, visitors can pop into the Belvoir centre to sample the famous Birds Bakery jam tarts.
My constituency is home to another character who enjoys sweet things: just a few miles up the road, in the wonderful town of Ashby-de-la-Zouch, we recently had installed a Paddington Bear on a bench.
For the thrill seekers, we have Donington Park, home to MotoGP and motorbike racing, and for the heavy metal fans among us, it is also home to Download festival every June.
I turn to the oil tanker in the bag.
As with our coal heritage, North West Leicestershire’s fingerprints are all over the rail industry.
The oil tanker represents William Stableford’s wagon works, which delivered a large contract for English and foreign railways.
It is perhaps ironic that my constituency has no passenger rail service at all, even though the manufacturer Siemens completed the signalling work for the Elizabeth line from its base in the constituency.
One of my major goals in this House is to get the Ivanhoe line back running for passengers.
This trainline was originally created in the 1830s by the great industrialist and father of the railways, George Stephenson.
Reopening it has the potential to create a beautiful trainline travelling through the greenery of the national forest.
The national forest line—now that sounds nice!
North West Leicestershire had other industries, too.
It is no secret that Leicestershire has a long history with the British textile industry, hence the yarn bobbin in the bag.
H Seal Elastics has been knitting in the constituency since 1898 and currently provides textiles for use in military personal protective equipment—key equipment for our service personnel today.
North West Leicestershire was also the home of Palitoy, which produced the dolly in the bag and the action man figurine—a character that seized the day and got stuff done.
The contents of a North West Leicestershire shopping bag today would be similar to the contents of everyone’s shopping bags at home, as the constituency is now home to a selection of food and drink manufacturers.
In that shopping bag, there would be a selection of key produce from local farmers, KP Nuts, McVitie’s biscuits, a Mars bar, Jacob’s cream crackers, Quality Street, and some of the Mr Freeze ice pops that I enjoyed with the Secretary of State for Business and Trade a few months ago after a tour of the Refresco beverages factory.
During my time in this House, I hope to be an action woman—someone who adds to our North West Leicestershire bag with cleaner waterways, better public services for all and, most importantly, an anytime day return ticket on the Ivanhoe line.
As the Member of Parliament for the home of the British Army, it is my honour to speak in this debate on remembrance and veterans.
I will use my time to share a story from a veteran of the Royal Marines, who celebrates their birthday today.
My constituent has given me permission to share his story in the debate, although I have changed his name to protect his privacy.
John served our country with honour.