Instead, we will seize the huge opportunities of the future to support the enterprise and talent that this country creates.
The Government recognise that sustained public investment is a crucial driver of long-term economic growth, giving the private sector the confidence to invest too, but our ambitions for public sector investment must be balanced against the need to maintain debt on a sustainable trajectory and ensure that we invest every pound of taxpayers’ money responsibly.
That is why I will deliver a 10-year national infrastructure strategy next spring, working with colleagues across Government, the nations and regions, and with our mayors and the private sector, to set out a robust long-term strategy for sound investment.
That is also why our new approach to overlapping multi-year spending reviews will improve the way that we allocate and spend capital, and why the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster and I will lead the new national infrastructure and service transformation authority, which will drive better delivery of major projects and infrastructure across the country.
In addition, there will be the work of the new office for value for money and the National Audit Office.
Those robust guardrails will ensure that our capital spending is value for money, and that our financial investments deliver a positive return for the Exchequer.
Finally, the Chancellor has been listening to the views of institutions such as the International Monetary Fund, and to expert economists.
As she has set out, that is why the Treasury has been reviewing the right measure of debt to target in the fiscal rules ahead of the upcoming Budget.
The details of that policy will be announced to the House in the Chancellor’s statement on Wednesday, alongside an economic and fiscal forecast produced by the independent Office for Budget Responsibility.
In the usual way, the fiscal rules will be published in a draft charter for budget responsibility, on which Members will vote in due course.
I commend this statement to the House.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps her Department is taking to increase the supply of housing.
What steps her Department is taking to increase the supply of housing.
What steps her Department is taking to increase the supply of housing in towns in the Makerfield constituency.
This Government are committed to delivering 1.5 million quality homes over this Parliament.
Under the Tories, house building plummeted as they bowed to pressure from their Back Benchers to scrap local housing targets.
We are taking bold action to reform our planning system, deliver a new generation of new towns and unblock stalled housing sites.
I recently met members of Dover district council, who told me that they are keen to help the Government where they can to deliver our ambitious housing targets.
Around the edge of Dover High Street we often see consistently empty units.
What can the Government do to help us turn those into the housing that our community so badly needs, and will the Minister meet me to discuss how we can help?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Compulsory purchase orders can be used by local authorities to acquire empty properties where the authority can demonstrate that the acquisition would be in the public interest.
I am also aware that there is a problem with homes built under section 106 agreements being left empty.
The Government will continue to work with house builders, local authorities and affordable housing providers to tackle the problems.
I am sure that the Housing Minister will be happy to meet him.
Will the Secretary of State consider allowing councils the ability to buy land for houses based on current use rather than hope value, and commit to reforming the Land Compensation Act 1961?
The hon.
Member will know that we are looking at a number of measures to help council houses to be built.
Further measures will be announced in the Budget, as I have mentioned in a written ministerial statement today.