The Government attach great importance to the green belt, including the more than 20,000 hectares in the borough of Waverley in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency.
In planning terms, the green belt serves a number of specific purposes, but the fundamental aim of green belt policy is to prevent urban sprawl by keeping land permanently open.
The Government do not intend to change the general purposes of the green belt or its general extent, but we are committed to taking a more strategic approach to green-belt land designation and release so that we can build more homes in the right places.
I thank the Minister for that response, but the Government are proposing to double the housing targets in Waverley and East Hampshire.
Over 57% of East Hampshire is in the South Downs national park, so it rightly cannot be built on, but if the target is still based on 100% of the East Hampshire district, that causes massive pressures on the rest of the district, including places such as Whitehill and Bordon, Liphook, Headley and Grayshott.
Will the Government commit to looking into this inherent unfairness, which is totally unsustainable for my area, and will he meet me and local councillors to discuss it further?
I am more than happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman to discuss the matter further.
On the principled point he raises, when local authorities are developing local development plans they can put a case forward to the inspectorate to be tested in examination, where they specify hard constraints of the type the hon.
Gentleman has identified.
When we talk about housing targets, we are talking about an identified housing need for a particular area, but those local plans will be tested by the inspectorate at examination to take into account some of the concerns he has raised.
What steps her Department is taking to increase the supply of social housing.
What steps she is taking to build more affordable homes.
What steps her Department is taking to increase the supply of social housing.
This Government are getting on with fixing the mess the Tories left behind.
We will deliver the biggest increase in social  and affordable house building in a generation, and at the Budget this week the Chancellor will set out the   next steps, including an additional £500 million for the existing affordable homes programme to deliver up to 5,000 new social and affordable homes.
I thank the Secretary of State for her answer.
Conservative-run Northumberland county council’s own figures show that over 6,000 people in Northumberland are not adequately housed.
Despite that, since the Conservatives have led the council, its own housing stock has decreased in number.
Does the Secretary of State agree that we need more social homes in the right places to support the thousands of people in North Northumberland in need of a safe and secure place to live?
I welcome my hon.
Friend to his place, and he is absolutely right: it is a source of national shame that just over 1.3 million households are on social housing waiting lists.
Nearly 14,000 of them are in Northumberland alone.
This Government do not accept that it has to be this way; we will deliver a fairer, more sustainable right-to-buy scheme where existing social housing stock is protected to meet housing need.
I recognise the particular housing challenges faced by rural communities, and that is why the Government announced that the 2021 to 2026 affordable homes programme will be targeted, so that 5% to 10% of delivery outside London will be homes in rural areas.
Our plan to build 1.5 million homes during this Parliament must include the building of affordable homes, which implies that we will build more council housing.