He was not going to go into the Army.
When he was still 17, he pestered and pestered the recruiters at the naval office to sign him up.
Eventually, they took him on, even though he had not yet reached his 18th birthday.
George saw active service in the channel as a gunner on a boat, with close combat with the Germans occurring very frequently.
On D-day, he provided cover for American troops landing on Omaha beach, watching the slaughter before his eyes.
He returned from the D-day landings to Newhaven in East Sussex, and saw rows and rows of empty coffins waiting for the dead.
This year, George was one of a handful of  remaining veterans who took part in the 80th anniversary commemorations.
He went to No.
10 Downing Street, HMS Belfast and the trooping of the colour.
This caused George’s family a certain amount of consternation, for George was not a Conservative.
His family were terribly worried about what George might say when he met Government Ministers.
They had a plan that if George let rip, they would whisk him away in his wheelchair before any embarrassment could be caused.
I am pleased to say to Conservative Members that he met Gillian Keegan, Grant Shapps and the former Prime Minister’s wife, and no event occurred.
I asked Paul what George’s messages to the House would be, and the answer—what Paul thought his dad would have said—was characteristically robust.
He was passionate about remembering his shipmates, those who gave their tomorrow for our today.
He stayed in contact throughout his life with the daughter—
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for the opportunity to speak in this debate on remembrance and veterans.
I congratulate my hon.
Friends the Members for Nuneaton (Jodie Gosling) and for Chipping Barnet (Dan Tomlinson), and  the hon.
Member for Reigate (Rebecca Paul) , on their excellent contributions.
It was an honour to attend the festival of remembrance organised just over a week ago by the Leicestershire and Rutland Royal British Legion at De Montfort hall.
That festival was an outstanding tribute to those who have served in the military and those who are currently serving.
It paid thanks to our armed forces with some outstanding performances from local musicians and contemporary dancers.
However, it is the harrowing accounts of those who experienced the D-day landings that will stay with me.
It will be a privilege to be involved in the many remembrance events across the constituency.
It is the honour of my life to have been elected to serve as the MP for North West Leicestershire.
In that role, I am following Andrew Bridgen, who served the community proudly for 14 years.
While we do not share much in terms of our politics, I know that he worked hard for his constituents.
While I am referencing former MPs, I have to go back further to our former Labour MP, the late David Taylor, who sadly died in office in 2009.
It will be no surprise to those who knew David that he is fondly remembered today in the constituency.
North West Leicestershire is in the heart of the national forest.
It is a fast-growing area, with the highest housing growth in Leicestershire and an equally impressive growth in employment opportunities.
None of this is surprising, considering our transport links: we have an international airport, East Midlands airport, which includes one of the largest freight operations in the country.
However, like so many other areas that have seen massive growth, we have been lagging behind in terms of infrastructure.
Local people need to see delivery of our commitment to expand public services, rather than the scaling-back we saw for the past 14 years under the Conservatives.
I am proud to be the first female MP in the history of North West Leicestershire.
Recently, I had the pleasure of attending the unveiling of the newly refurbished mother and child statue in Coalville.