I will use my time to share a story from a veteran of the Royal Marines, who celebrates their birthday today.
My constituent has given me permission to share his story in the debate, although I have changed his name to protect his privacy.
John served our country with honour.
He was discharged from the Royal Marines after three years of service, but life outside the military was hard.
His mental health spiralled.
He ended up homeless, sleeping rough on the streets, so he went to the local authority for help.
This is the part of his story that shocked me, because John was  told that before the local authority could help him, it had first to confirm that he really was homeless.
Rather than taking John at his word, he was told that he would have to continue to sleep rough in a named location for two weeks and wait for an outreach worker to visit him to verify that he was homeless.
John did as he was ordered, following what he had been taught by his service, but he found staying in the same place meant he was targeted with verbal and physical abuse, so he moved and kept moving—the cycle went on for years.
Eventually, he was diagnosed with complex post-traumatic stress disorder and referred to Op Courage.
Even then, it took several more years in temporary accommodation and him witnessing a violent incident, before Op Courage and Help for Heroes were able to get John the specialist accommodation in my constituency that has allowed him to start to move forward with his life.
I know just how great a step it was for John to share his story with me.
I take three things from John’s story.
The first is that we owe our veterans much more than our silence and respect on Armistice Day; it is our duty to speak up whenever the systems that come from this place fall short.
Secondly, safe and accessible housing is vital.
That is why I was so proud to hear just a few weeks  ago the Prime Minister announce the Government’s commitment to house all veterans.
Thirdly, John’s experience tells me that our commitment to respecting every veteran must reach through every Government Department and every level of staff if we are to succeed—from the Secretary of State down to every member of frontline staff.
That is the culture change needed to deliver for people such as John who have served our country.
The spirit of remembrance is defined by what we do for one another, and the contribution that every one of us can make.
With shared effort, we can build a greater legacy for those who served us—now and in the future.
My constituent and resident of Burgess Hill, able seaman George Chandler, was due to lead the blind veterans at the remembrance parade on Remembrance Sunday the weekend after next.
Sadly, George died earlier this month.
He was 99 years old.
I never had the privilege of meeting George, but I have been able to speak to his son Paul, who gave me a wonderful insight into his father.
He was full of character and, in Paul’s words, an old rogue.
George was born to a working-class family off the Old Kent Road.
When war was declared, aged 14 George stayed in London—he was not evacuated—and experienced the Blitz in all its horror.
His father, Will, had been a soldier at the Somme, and George was determined that he would not be what he called one of the “poor bloody infantry”.
He was not going to go into the Army.
When he was still 17, he pestered and pestered the recruiters at the naval office to sign him up.
Eventually, they took him on, even though he had not yet reached his 18th birthday.