When will the Government correct this imbalance, deliver on their manifesto promise and roll out votes at 16 across the United Kingdom?
Far be it from me to take on the Hazel Grove 16 and 17 year-olds—the hon.
Member knows that I know Hazel Grove very well.
This Government are committed to our manifesto commitment to give votes at 16, and we will make sure that we do that before the next general election.
In 2022, Lubov Chernukhin opened an amusement centre in Hastings town centre known as Owens.
The project received more than £400,000 of taxpayer money as part of the Conservatives’ levelling up towns fund plans.
Ms Chernukhin has also donated more than £200,000 to the Conservative party.[Official Report,  29 October 2024 ; Vol.
755, c. 10WC.] (
Correction) Shortly after opening, Owens closed, and earlier this month it was covered in boarding, which now dominates Hastings town centre.
Can the Minister advise me how my constituents can get their money back, and how we can ensure that money is never wasted again like that?
I was very disappointed to hear about the closure of Owens and about any money wasted under the previous Government.
My officials are working with my hon.
Friend’s council to maximise the remaining funding available from its town deal.
On the general point, we are calling time on the waste from the previous Government, and moving towards multi-year funding settlements and ending competitive bidding for pots of money.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Labour made a big song and dance about tackling rogue landlords.
No doubt Labour Members will have been made aware   of revelations reported in The Londoner this morning about  the hon.
Member for Ilford South (Jas Athwal) .
Not only is he letting out mouldy homes with infestation, but he is the landlord of an unsafe private care home where children have gone missing and been left at risk of criminal exploitation.
Do the Government have plans to tackle the rogue landlord on their own Benches?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Lady for her question.
As I understand it, the Member for Ilford South says in his statement that there have been no conflicts of interest and that all interests have been declared in line with his council’s rules.
I presume the shadow Secretary of State let the hon.
Member for Ilford South know that she was going to mention him on the Floor of the House.
No, I did not.
I say to all Members that mentioning other Members cannot be done without giving notice.
I presume the right hon.
Lady’s second question will be on a different issue.
I apologise, Mr Speaker.
I will check with my office.
I cannot say for certain that they did not let the hon.
Member know.
Does the right hon.
Lady agree that reducing the capacity of councils by 20% by allowing workers an additional paid day off every week—that is what a four-day week actually is—is unacceptable and does not provide good value for money for taxpayers or residents?
I am really proud of our Employment Rights Bill and I am really proud to stand here as someone who advocates for flexible working.
We do not dictate to councils how they run their services; we work with councils.
The right hon.
Lady should be able to work out that flexible working is no threat to business and no threat to the economy.
In fact, it will boost productivity.
Southampton Itchen has the worst cases of unsafe cladding in Hampshire and fire safety works are taking years to get started, so residents are stuck in properties they cannot move out of or sell.
Will the Secretary of State please update the House on what she is doing to ensure that developers and freeholders get on with urgent safety works and protect leaseholders from extortionate costs?
Will she meet me and local councillors?