What discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on reducing levels of furniture poverty.
We regularly discuss a wide range of topics with ministerial colleagues, including the important matter of tackling poverty, and we also have the ministerial child poverty taskforce.
The lack of furniture and other goods is an issue for many people in our country and it contributes to poor outcomes.
We are absolutely committed to tackling poverty and inequality, and the household support fund for local authorities, administered by the Department for Work and Pensions, provides considerable support towards that.
I welcome that response.
Eight per cent of families in this country are in deep furniture poverty.
I have seen at first hand the impact of that: people are unable to have a hot meal without a microwave or a cooker and are unable to have a decent night’s sleep without a bed—they sleep on the floor with a mattress or a duvet.
Will my hon.
Friend meet me and the End Furniture Poverty campaign to discuss what more we can do as a Government locally and nationally to tackle this issue?
My hon.
Friend makes important points about the impact of the lack of these essential items through poverty, and I am happy to meet him and the End Furniture Poverty campaign.
Clearly, people need a home to be able to furnish it in the first place, so what action is being taken across Government to address the barriers that care-experienced young people face in accessing the private rented sector, including through guarantor and deposit schemes?
As the hon.
Member will be aware, we have a plan to tackle homelessness and rough sleeping, and the Deputy Prime Minister is leading the ministerial taskforce on ending homelessness.
My colleagues have highlighted the work that we are doing to build 1.5 million homes.
This is an absolute priority for us and I look forward to working with hon.
Members on this issue.
What steps she plans to take to reform the leasehold system.
What steps she plans to take to reform the leasehold system.
The Government intend to act quickly to provide homeowners with greater rights, powers and protections over their homes by implementing the provisions of the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Act 2024.
Over the course of this Parliament, we will further reform the leasehold system to honour the commitments made in our manifesto.
To that end, the Government have made it clear that they intend to publish draft legislation on leasehold and commonhold reform in this parliamentary Session.
My constituent David has reported that his service charge has tripled in the past few years, even though dangerous cladding has still not been removed, leaving him in a leasehold debt trap with an unsellable property.
I thank the Minister for confirming our intention to abolish the whole feudal system of leasehold, but what more can be done in the meantime to help people to challenge unfair service charges?
One of the most urgent things we need to do—we are working on this at pace—is to bring into force the provisions of the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Act.
As I made clear in response to an earlier question, that will increase transparency and standardisation across service charges, but we want to  go further.
We are committed to finally bringing the feudal leasehold system to an end, and across the Parliament that is precisely what we will do.
In Dartford, residents in new build estates in Ebbsfleet and elsewhere all too frequently experience opaque and unaccountable charging practices on the part of management companies, who seem far more motivated by making a profit than by providing services.
What comfort can the Minister offer my constituents that these management companies will be brought within a fair and accountable legal framework in the near future?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question and recognise his constituent’s experience.