This Government do not accept that it has to be this way; we will deliver a fairer, more sustainable right-to-buy scheme where existing social housing stock is protected to meet housing need.
I recognise the particular housing challenges faced by rural communities, and that is why the Government announced that the 2021 to 2026 affordable homes programme will be targeted, so that 5% to 10% of delivery outside London will be homes in rural areas.
Our plan to build 1.5 million homes during this Parliament must include the building of affordable homes, which implies that we will build more council housing.
What reassurance can the Secretary of State give to my constituents in Wolverhampton West that they will have access to good-quality affordable homes, particularly for first-time buyers, and that if they need social housing, they will not have to wait excessive periods of time to get a council house?
Again, my hon.
Friend makes an important point.
We want to support councils to make a greater contribution to affordable housing supply.
That is why the Chancellor will set out at the Budget our plans to allow councils to keep 100% of the receipts generated by right-to-buy sales and to increase protections for newly built social homes.
We are committed to giving first-time buyers a first chance to buy homes and to introducing a permanent, comprehensive mortgage guarantee scheme.
At Rugby borough council, there are 300 households on the waiting list for social houses.
Officers and councillors are working hard to meet the demand.
They have knocked down older tower blocks and are replacing them with one to four-bed, energy-efficient, good-quality homes.
Last year was the first year for many years that they built or acquired more social homes than were lost through right to buy.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that while that is good work, my council is ultimately able only to tread water?
My constituents who are in need of decent, affordable social homes desperately need a Government who will help councils to reverse this trend.
Will she consider visiting Rugby to see the great work being done in difficult circumstances?
I once got stranded in Rugby on a train, so I have visited that wonderful area before.
I am in complete agreement with my hon.
Friend; councils should not be losing homes through right to buy quicker than they can be replaced.
It is great to hear that councillors in Rugby are working hard to meet demand.
The Chancellor will set out at the Budget the action we are taking to reduce right-to-buy discounts to deliver a more sustainable scheme.
We will also increase protections on newly built social housing to allow councils to keep 100% of the receipts generated by right-to-buy sales.
In Ashfield, we have a big problem with nuisance tenants in social housing, who are creating mayhem and upsetting their neighbours and the neighbourhood with crime, antisocial behaviour, drug dealing and so on.
Does the Secretary of State agree that these nuisance tenants should be given one chance, and if they cannot behave themselves, they should be evicted and refused access to social housing in the future?
I agree with the hon.
Member about nuisance neighbours; we do need to do something about that.
That is why there are provisions, so that councils can take action on people who are nuisance neighbours.
They should not be terrorising other people who are trying to live nice lives.
I pay tribute to Westbourne community land trust, which, after six long hard years, has finally started delivering affordable homes for its community.
That is exciting for the trust, and I was delighted to put a spade in the ground when it started building.
Does the Secretary of State agree that communities are best placed to understand the need for housing in their area?
Will she make it easier for community land trusts to acquire land and build homes quickly?
The hon.