Does the Secretary of State agree that communities are best placed to understand the need for housing in their area?
Will she make it easier for community land trusts to acquire land and build homes quickly?
The hon.
Member makes an important point, and I welcome her to her place.
We want to see communities being able to build houses, and we want to ensure that those houses are safe and secure and that we work with community housing trusts and others to deliver the 1.5 million homes.
I am sure that the Housing Minister will be happy to meet her to discuss the matter.
There are private developers in my constituency in Bridgwater that have obligations to build social homes and are ready to do so.
The difficulty they face is that there is no social landlord available to take those units.
What steps will the Deputy Prime Minister take to ensure that those units can be built to house local people?
The hon.
Gentleman makes an important point.
I am aware of those concerns, and the Government will continue to work with house builders, local authorities and affordable housing providers to tackle the problem.
We need to make sure that section 106 notices are adhered to and that when we have affordable and social housing on those sites, they are tenanted and people are in there.
If she will make an assessment of the potential impact of section 8 of the national planning policy framework on the number of fast food outlets.
The Government are committed to improving public health and reducing health inequalities.
As  part of the consultation on proposed reforms to the national planning policy framework, we sought views on how national planning policy could better support local authorities in promoting healthy communities and specifically in tackling childhood obesity.
The framework already expects policies at a local level to aim to achieve healthy places, and we are considering how to ensure that a more consistent approach is taken, for example in relation to controlling hot food takeaways near schools.
I thank the Minister for the update.
Will he consider working with Cabinet and Health colleagues to empower local authorities to regulate physical junk food adverts around schools and on public transport?
As I said in my original response, we recently consulted on how the planning system could do more to support the creation of healthy places.
I will continue to work closely with colleagues in the Department of Health and Social Care when considering next steps, as well as engaging with local authorities.
As I said in answer to a previous question, my Department is analysing responses to the NPPF consultation with a view to issuing a Government response before the end of the year.
I always try to be helpful to the Minister, and I thank him for his answer.
In Northern Ireland, the steps we have taken on fast food outlets include close liaison with school principals to ensure that pupils do not access carry-out food, and addressing the issue of litter, which is the responsibility of fast food outlets.
Perhaps the Minister might want to contact the relevant Northern Ireland Department to gauge what has worked for us.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for that question, which is as helpful as ever.
I always look at the experience of other nations on planning reform.
I recently met the Housing Minister from the devolved Northern Ireland Assembly, and I will happily contact him about this specific point to see what lessons we  can learn.
What discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on reducing levels of furniture poverty.
We regularly discuss a wide range of topics with ministerial colleagues, including the important matter of tackling poverty, and we also have the ministerial child poverty taskforce.
The lack of furniture and other goods is an issue for many people in our country and it contributes to poor outcomes.