In 2022, Lubov Chernukhin opened an amusement centre in Hastings town centre known as Owens.
The project received more than £400,000 of taxpayer money as part of the Conservatives’ levelling up towns fund plans.
Ms Chernukhin has also donated more than £200,000 to the Conservative party.
Shortly after opening, Owens closed, and earlier this month it was covered in boarding, which now dominates Hastings town centre.
Can the Minister advise me how my constituents can get their money back, and how we can ensure that money is never wasted again like that?
I call the shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for the opportunity to speak in this debate on remembrance and veterans.
I congratulate my hon.
Friends the Members for Nuneaton (Jodie Gosling) and for Chipping Barnet (Dan Tomlinson), and  the hon.
Member for Reigate (Rebecca Paul) , on their excellent contributions.
It was an honour to attend the festival of remembrance organised just over a week ago by the Leicester and Leicestershire British Legion at De Montfort hall.
That festival was an outstanding tribute to those who have served in the military and those who are currently serving.
It paid thanks to our armed forces with some outstanding performances from local musicians and contemporary dancers.
However, it is the harrowing accounts of those who experienced the D-day landings that will stay with me.
It will be a privilege to be involved in the many remembrance events across the constituency.
It is the honour of my life to have been elected to serve as the MP for North West Leicestershire.
In that role, I am following Andrew Bridgen, who served the community proudly for 14 years.
While we do not share much in terms of our politics, I know that he worked hard for his constituents.
While I am referencing former MPs, I have to go back further to our former Labour MP, the late David Taylor, who sadly died in office in 2009.
It will be no surprise to those who knew David that he is fondly remembered today in the constituency.
North West Leicestershire is in the heart of the national forest.
It is a fast-growing area, with the highest housing growth in Leicestershire and an equally impressive growth in employment opportunities.
None of this is surprising, considering our transport links: we have an international airport, East Midlands airport, which includes one of the largest freight operations in the country.
However, like so many other areas that have seen massive growth, we have been lagging behind in terms of infrastructure.
Local people need to see delivery of our commitment to expand public services, rather than the scaling-back we saw for the past 14 years under the Conservatives.
I am proud to be the first female MP in the history of North West Leicestershire.
Recently, I had the pleasure of attending the unveiling of the newly refurbished mother and child statue in Coalville.
Stuart Warburton, a local historian, has kindly checked for me, and we think that it is the first statue of a lone woman to be installed in the whole of Leicestershire.
That award-winning statue, first installed in 1963, depicts a woman proudly striding forward with her son while holding a shopping bag containing many items linked to the constituency, including a lump of coal, an oil tanker, a yarn bobbin  and a dolly.
It occurred to me that there is no better way of showcasing our constituency than by considering some of the items in her bag.
North West Leicestershire has a rich mining heritage.
The coalmining industry has been so important to the development of North West Leicestershire that it is literally gives its name to the main urban centre, Coalville.
The coalfields powered Britain, and Kegworth—also in my constituency—is just a stone’s throw away from the last coal-fired power station in the UK, which closed just a few weeks ago.