What steps she is taking to help ensure the financial sustainability of local authorities.
Councils across the country, of all political stripes, work hard to deliver vital public services in our country.
We know that 14 years of mounting pressure is biting hard.
We are committed to moving towards a multi-year funding settlement, ending wasteful bidding competitions that essentially set one council against another.
Last week, I met political group leaders at the Local Government Association conference to understand what specific demand pressures they are facing, and we are committed to working together on those big issues.
Members will know that we cannot pre-empt the Budget statement due later in the week, but we are of course fully engaged in that process.
We stand ready to speak to any council experiencing financial difficulties, as I confirmed in my letter to MPs just over a week ago.
As the Minister knows—I have met him to discuss this subject—my local authority, Woking borough council, effectively went bankrupt last year.
It has had to cut services that many consider essential, and it will have to consider cutting others.
Does the Minister agree that it is time for Government and Parliament to review which services are classed as statutory and non-statutory?
I thank the hon.
Member for meeting me at one of our regular drop-in sessions.
His concern is reflected across the country.
Local communities recognise that their council is being forced to choose vital neighbourhood services against targets for adult social care, children’s services and homelessness services.
In the end, we need to rebuild the foundation from scratch, and that is exactly what we are committed to doing.
My constituency is largely rural and, as in many rural constituencies, parish councils play an important role in local government service delivery.
Does the Minister agree about the importance of parish councils to rural communities, and what role does he see for parish councils as part of the Government’s devolution agenda?
We will of course publish a White Paper on the English devolution Bill.
It will set out an ambitious programme for a power shift from this place and Whitehall to combined authorities, to local government and, of course, to communities.
We are absolutely committed to that top-to-bottom power shift.
We recognise that parish and town councils have a role to play.
Rising demand, rising costs and 14 years of Conservative public sector cuts mean that many local authorities and services are at breaking point.
My own borough of Lambeth, a deprived inner-London area with higher demand for social housing and temporary accommodation, and for social, public and youth services, has been particularly affected, which has been quite challenging.
Will the Minister commit to an emergency increase in funding to combat the immediate crisis for local authorities, and, in the long term, to a much-needed update of the funding formula to better reflect local need?
Like every Member of the House, my hon.
Friend will know that those 14 years have taken their toll, and that it will take more than three months to repair that, but we are absolutely committed to repairing the foundations, and our multi-year financial settlements will give security.
Of course, we recognise that the demand-led pressures in many places are the back-end of a bigger problem.
Temporary accommodation relates to the housing crisis that needs fixing.
The same applies to children’s services and adult social care.
The financial future of West Sussex county council is bleak: it faces a cumulative budget gap of over £200 million for 2029-30.
At present, 64% of the council’s budget is being spent on adult and children’s social services, and that is set to rise.
How will the Minister ensure that West Sussex county council and others do not have to close libraries, cut bus routes or reduce road repairs in order to meet the growing demand for the most vulnerable members of our community?