What comfort can the Minister offer my constituents that these management companies will be brought within a fair and accountable legal framework in the near future?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question and recognise his constituent’s experience.
As outlined in the King’s Speech, the Government are committed to bringing the injustice of “fleecehold” private estates and unfair costs to an end.
We will consult in due course on the best way to achieve that.
In the interim, as I said, we need to implement the new protections for homeowners on private estates in the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Act 2024.
That will create a new regulatory framework to make estate management companies more accountable to homeowners for how their money is spent.
Against my wishes and advice, the previous Government brought in a planning presumption in favour of applications to add extra floors to apartment blocks, irrespective of the horrible effect of building those extra floors, and attempts by rogue freeholders to sting the leaseholders for the remedial works resulting from errors in building grafted-on extra floors.
As a short-term measure, will the Minister consider removing that presumption in favour of planning permission for these ill-considered schemes?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for raising that point.
He is absolutely right that the previous Government significantly expanded permitted development rights after 2013.
We acknowledge the criticism of those expanded rights, particularly because of the low-quality development that they have brought forward.
He raises a specific issue for leaseholders, but the problem goes wider than that.
I am more than happy to give consideration to the point he raises.
I welcome the Minister to his place.
The Labour party has proposed several reforms to the private rental sector, including to the leasehold system, which will only punish landlords, more of whom will sell up.
At a time when people are struggling to get on the property ladder, why are this Government determined to drive out landlords and reduce the supply of available rental properties for those who rely on them?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for that point, though it is not about leasehold but about the private rental sector.
Our Renters’ Rights Bill, which is currently in Committee, poses no threat to good landlords.
Indeed, it will improve the situation for good landlords by driving out unscrupulous and rogue landlords from the system.
As part of that Bill, landlords have robust grounds to take back possession of their properties when it is appropriate to do so.
What they cannot do is  arbitrarily evict tenants through section 21.
We will finally abolish section 21 no-fault evictions where the previous Government failed to do so.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
As I have already told the House, this week’s Budget will set out our next steps to put us on the path to delivering the biggest increase in social and affordable house building in a generation.
The Chancellor will set out further details on a number of measures, including a cash injection for the affordable homes programme, confirming funding for new social housing projects and a consultation on a long-term social housing rent settlement.
We will provide certainty and stability, and reform right to buy to deliver a fair, sustainable scheme.
Hazel Grove’s 16 and 17-year-olds are all bright and articulate and never backwards in coming forwards to tell me what we need to do in this place, but they are denied their voice at the ballet box, unlike their Scottish and Welsh peers.
When will the Government correct this imbalance, deliver on their manifesto promise and roll out votes at 16 across the United Kingdom?
Far be it from me to take on the Hazel Grove 16 and 17 year-olds—the hon.
Member knows that I know Hazel Grove very well.