Southampton Itchen has the worst cases of unsafe cladding in Hampshire and fire safety works are taking years to get started, so residents are stuck in properties they cannot move out of or sell.
Will the Secretary of State please update the House on what she is doing to ensure that developers and freeholders get on with urgent safety works and protect leaseholders from extortionate costs?
Will she meet me and local councillors?
As a Government, we have been clear that the pace of remediation has been far too slow.
The Deputy Prime Minister and I will be meeting developers to review their progress and to agree a joint plan for accelerating remediation in the coming weeks.
I am,  of course, very happy to meet my hon.
Friend to  discuss these issues, and meet with constituents if that is helpful too.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
High streets are the beating hearts of our communities.
Those in places such as Broadstone in my constituency  are really bouncing back and reinventing themselves.
The public assume that councils are able to flex business rates and that they own most properties, but we all know that that is not the case.
Will the Minister provide a timeline for the reform of business rates, and assure pubs and shops that their existing reliefs will be maintained?
I am afraid the hon.
Lady puts me in quite the pickle.
With less than 48 hours before a fiscal event she would not expect me to pre-empt the Chancellor, but we have heard the hon.
Lady’s calls and those from business.
Alongside any rates changes, we will seek to provide the tools, such as high street rental auctions or community right to buy, to give communities control of their high streets again.
I recently met local businesses in my constituency to discuss  what can be done to attract more people to visit our high streets.
Will the Minister set out what action the Government are taking to help regenerate local high streets, and will he meet me to discuss this issue further?
We all want to see our high streets thriving.
It is the business of government, local councils and local communities to push back on some of the decline that has been seen as inevitable in recent years.
As part of that, we will be giving local communities the tools to reshape their high streets, such as high street rental auctions and the community right to buy.
Sadiq Khan, the Mayor of London, has consistently called for the power to impose rent controls across Greater London.
He cannot do that unless the Government change the law.
Whenever it has been tried around the world it has failed, typically with rental property supply falling and rents perversely rising.
Will the Secretary of State take this opportunity now to rule out the possibility of imposing rent controls in Greater London?
As the shadow Minister will know from our exchanges in the Renters’ Rights Bill Committee, the Government have absolutely no plans to introduce rent controls in any form.
Consett, Blaydon and other towns across the north-east are keen to play their part in growing our local economies, and one of the things that growth comes from is making work pay.
In the first 100 days of a Labour Government, the Secretary of State has delivered the biggest upgrade to workers’ rights in a generation.
Can she update the House on her work in supporting the new deal for working people?
The new deal for working people is contained in the Employment Rights Bill, which had its Second Reading last week.
We will continue to push forward other measures that do not require legislation, but what we hope to see is a new culture between business, trade unions and local communities to ensure that work really does pay.