I thank the right hon.
Gentleman again for his interest in my travels, but I have to correct him on a few points.
I did, of course, raise Xinjiang in the context of human rights.
I absolutely raised, as I  assured you, Mr Speaker, that I would, the position of parliamentarians—of course I did—not just with the Foreign Minister but with the foreign affairs spokesperson for the Chinese Communist party.
I raised that as a matter of huge concern.
I also raised the threats and aggression that we are now seeing in the South China sea.
Jimmy Lai, I raised; Members of this House, I raised; Xinjiang, I raised; Hong Kong, I raised.
It would be totally unacceptable for any UK Foreign Minister to go to China and not raise those issues of tremendous concern.
The right hon.
Gentleman knows that the previous Government bounced around on China.
They had a golden era—he was part of the Government who had that golden era and were drinking pints with President Xi.
A former Prime Minister and Foreign Secretary were found to be lobbying on behalf of Chinese belt-and-road initiatives, so I am not going to take any lessons from the Opposition on how to handle China.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee on Foreign Affairs.
My right hon.
Friend has rightly outlined the complex nature of our relationship with China.
May I add to the long list the tension in the strait of Taiwan and the effect that that is likely to have on international trade if it goes wrong?
The fact that the relationship is complicated, however, does not mean that we should  not get clarity.
That is important not just for Members of the House but for others, whether they are promoting British exports overseas or are human rights campaigners such as Sebastien Lai, whom I met last week, or are British representatives in Mongolia.
We need clarity in our approach to China, so we urgently need to know when the China audit will be completed.
Will my right hon.
Friend tell us when that is likely to happen, and will he also commit to appearing before my Committee to answer questions about it?
Yes, of course, I will appear before my right hon.
Friend’s Committee, whenever she commands, to answer questions.
She is absolutely right—the issues in the Taiwan strait are very serious.
I raised those issues in China, and also in Indonesia and in Korea.
We need a consistent approach to China, which is why  we are doing the audit.
It is my hope that it will be complete early next year.
I call the shadow Minister.
I congratulate my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith)  on securing this urgent question, and I thank you, Mr Speaker, for granting it.
It is disappointing, but not surprising, that the Foreign Secretary did not see fit to update the House following his visit to China.
I want to press him on what the visit achieved because, comparing the read-outs, I would be forgiven for thinking that two very separate visits  took place.
The Opposition understand the importance of engagement, but not at any cost.
All interactions with the Chinese Communist party must be clear-eyed and part of a meaningful strategy, as per the high-level China strategy that the Foreign Secretary inherited from our Government.
Yet, as he said, this visit occurred before this Government had concluded their so-called China audit.
Would it not have been better to wait until he knew what interests he is seeking to defend and further?
On the Conservative Benches, it looks as if the Foreign Secretary rushed into engagement without a plan.
Concerningly, in a fundamental breach of the constitutional principle that Parliament is sovereign, he was willing to pressure parliamentarians into cancelling the visit of former President Tsai of Taiwan the week before his trip.