I should draw the House’s attention to the fact I am a leaseholder subject to service charges, as are hundreds of my constituents.
There is very often a real lack of transparency and accountability from service providers.
Bills are not very clear, and it takes quite a lot of effort to understand them.
The Government could regulate, but will the Minister use his convening powers to encourage service providers to do better, prior to discussing legislation that could take a very long time?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question.
I am more than happy to look into what more can be done by convening to get the various interested parties around the table.
The Government are committed to implementing the provisions of the Leasehold and  Freehold Reform Act 2024, which includes measures to increase the transparency and standardisation of service charges and empower leaseholders in that way.
What recent progress her Department has made on planning reform.
The Government are making rapid progress on reforming our planning system.
We launched a consultation on proposed reforms to the national planning policy framework within our first month in office, and my Department is analysing responses with a view to publishing a Government response before the end of the year.
As was set out in the King’s Speech, we intend to bring forward a planning and infrastructure Bill in this parliamentary Session to accelerate the delivery of high-quality infrastructure and housing.
I thank the Minister for his update.
My constituents in Halesowen recognise that homes have been unaffordable to first-time buyers and welcome these planning changes, but they are frustrated by some of the scaremongering from the Opposition.
Can the Minister reassure my constituents that protecting the environment will be central to our planning changes as we roll out lots of additional new houses?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question.
I assure him and the House that the Government are committed to securing better environmental outcomes alongside facilitating the development that our country so desperately needs.
In our consultation on proposed reforms to the NPPF, we made it clear that land safeguarded by existing environmental designations will maintain its current protections.
We are exploring how we might streamline house building and infrastructure delivery by using development to fund nature recovery where both are currently stalled.
However, we have made it clear that we will act with legislation only when we have confirmed to Parliament that the steps we are taking will deliver positive environmental outcomes.
Ministers dropped the last Government’s plan for the development of Cambridge and connections to nearby towns including Haverhill in my constituency.
When will the Government come forward with an integrated plan to develop Cambridge and improve road and rail links to towns like Haverhill?
I wrote to local leaders in the greater Cambridge area a few weeks ago to make it clear that the Government believe the area is a site where we should take forward nationally significant housing growth.
We will set out further details in due course, but the hon.
Gentleman will be aware that the Cambridge growth company is taking plans and pulling together an evidence base to set out precisely what the scale of development should be and how it should take place in that area.
What steps she is taking to protect the green belt in Farnham and Bordon constituency.
The Government attach great importance to the green belt, including the more than 20,000 hectares in the borough of Waverley in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency.
In planning terms, the green belt serves a number of specific purposes, but the fundamental aim of green belt policy is to prevent urban sprawl by keeping land permanently open.