I am already considering other measures that will deter people from making that crossing in the first place, and I will update the House in due course.
Immigration is still a big issue for my constituents—they email about it and it comes up when I am in the pub—but people’s frustration is turning to direct action, and Northampton is now filled with flags.
Does the Home Secretary agree that flags are a symbol of our pride in our country, and they should not be hijacked by plastic patriots and those who do not work in our country’s interest?
Let me be very clear: I understand the strength of feeling across communities in this country about the use of hotels, in particular—the right to protest is an ancient right in this country, and we will protect it—but it is important that we do not slip into rhetoric that incites violence or hatred towards other communities.
I love the St George’s flag and I love the Union Jack.
Those flags belong to me as much as they do to anybody else, and we must never allow any of our flags to become symbols of division.
I call the shadow Minister.
Lots of people know that under this Government, the number of people arriving illegally has hit a record high.
What many do not know is that this Labour Government are repealing the power to scientifically test the age of those arriving and are hiding the data on the number making false claims about their age.
Why are the Government doing away with powers that could prevent adult migrants from getting into classrooms with children, and why are they hiding this data from the British people?
Coming from one of the Conservative Members who, frankly, did nothing across their period in office and who are responsible for the mess I am having to clear up, I think that is a little bit rich.
This Government have been absolutely transparent.
We will carry on being so, and we will publish all the relevant data at the appropriate time.
I am very clear that nobody who tries to game our system will get away with it.
We will strengthen our rules, rather than weaken them, which is what we saw under the Conservative party.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Many of those who come to this country by crossing the channel go on to be granted refugee status.
Earlier this month, the Government backtracked on their promise to continue with the 56-day move-on period for those granted refugee status, barely weeks after a Home Office Minister assured this House that the policy would last until the end of the year.
The move-on period extension was working, in that it was giving refugees time to secure work and housing while shielding local councils from sudden surges in homelessness caused by people being forced out of asylum accommodation too quickly.
Halving the move-on period is worse for refugees who want to support themselves, worse for the communities supporting them until they can get on their feet and certainly worse for already stretched council budgets.
Does the Home Secretary agree that it is better to do what works, both for refugees and for communities welcoming them, and will she look again at reinstating a policy that worked, rather than chasing headlines?
I say to the hon.
Lady that we are following what is working.
Rather than having an arbitrary time period, we are working with local authorities to make sure we have the appropriate move-on period.
It is in nobody’s interest that people remain in hotels for longer than is absolutely necessary, and of course this Government will end the use of asylum hotels.
What recent progress her Department has made on improving neighbourhood policing.
What recent progress her Department has made on improving neighbourhood policing.
What recent progress her Department has made on improving neighbourhood policing.