There are 34 reports on what this note describes as “very specific topics”, some of which relate directly and personally to Members of Parliament.
One of the deputy national security advisers told the Crown Prosecution Service that he assessed this information to be “directly or indirectly, useful” to the Chinese state, and said that it was
“prejudicial to the safety or interests of the United Kingdom.”
Given the gravity of that assessment, it is astonishing that these charges have now been withdrawn.
The Crown Prosecution Service clearly assessed these allegations, and the evidence, against the law—against the 1911 Act —in 2024, and found the test to have been met; so why today, more than a year later, have we suddenly been told that the test is no longer met?
My question to the Security Minister is a simple one: given the gravity of the charges that I have just read out, what has changed between last year and this year?
Why has a case that met the threshold and met the test in April 2024 all of a sudden been determined not to do so?
May I ask specifically whether anyone in the Government put any pressure on the Crown Prosecution Service in relation to this case?
Did the Government co-operate fully with the police, the security services and the CPS in providing the information required, including information relating to the definition of “an enemy”?
Can the Security Minister give the House those express assurances?
I certainly share your concern, Mr Speaker, and, I am sure, the concern of many others, that what appears to be extremely serious espionage, assessed as such in the written disclosure that I read out—assessed by the deputy national security adviser as being prejudicial to our national interests—has all of a sudden, and with no explanation, been dropped, even though previously, just a year and a bit ago, it was assessed that this case did meet the threshold.
The House and the country need to know what exactly has changed.
Let me seek to address the shadow Home Secretary’s points.
He raised the question of whether China constitutes a threat or not.
I think I was very clear in the language that I used.
As the right hon.
Gentleman will know, and as the Government set out in the strategic defence review, China presents a “sophisticated and persistent challenge”.
The reality is that, in government, there is an absolute requirement to co-operate with nations all around the world.
When there are areas in which we need to challenge China, of course we will do so.
I am sure the right hon.
Gentleman and other Opposition Members will completely understand that when there are areas, in terms of economic co-operation, in which we need to work closely with China, of course we will do so, because it is absolutely in our national interest.
I referenced the comments of the previous Foreign Secretary, and the shadow Home Secretary might want to look back at what was said following the China audit.
The previous Foreign Secretary was absolutely crystal clear: we will take a long-term, strategic approach to China that is rooted in the UK’s national interest.
I understand why the shadow Home Secretary wants to boil down such a complex bilateral relationship into a single word, but the reality is that it is neither helpful nor sensible to do so.
The shadow Home Secretary will not be surprised to hear that I do not agree with his characterisations of what he described as the “signals” that this Government have sent to China.
In truth, I will not take any lessons from him on that, not least because—I have said this to him previously—it was not so long ago that a Conservative Prime Minister took the leader of China to the pub.
When it comes to signals, I am not sure that the shadow Home Secretary speaks with a huge amount of authority.