I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for the question, because the targeted intimidation and harassment of elected representatives is completely unacceptable.
The defending democracy taskforce works to ensure the safety and security of all electoral processes and democratic institutions, and to strengthen democratic society.
We are conducting a review of the harassment and intimidation faced by elected representatives.
The taskforce has also concluded a review of transnational repression, and we have updated Parliament on that.
I hope this will be a shared endeavour, right across the House.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
This weekend, as the Home Secretary said, Elon Musk used a rally to call—alongside convicted criminal, so-called Tommy Robinson—for the Dissolution of Parliament, and to incite violence on our streets.
Given the seriousness of a high-profile figure apparently urging attacks on our democracy, what assessment has the Home Office made of these statements, and what steps are being taken across Government to respond to them, and to protect our democracy?
There is both a legal question here and a political question.
On the legal question, in all cases, including the one that the hon.
Lady raises, it is for the police and the Crown Prosecution Service to decide independently whether the law has been broken and charges should be brought.
We would never expect a Minister to comment on that; it would be improper to do so.
On the political question, let me say this: the words that were used at the weekend are abhorrent, and I know that the vast majority of people in this country will feel the same way.
Whether you are a hostile state or a hostile foreign billionaire, no one gets to mess with British democracy.
Members of the all-party group on anti-corruption and responsible tax, which I chair, had the opportunity to meet National Economic Crime Centre officers last week and discuss the work that NECC is doing to disrupt money laundering and tax evasion, including through its landmark Operation Machinize.
High-street money laundering is of huge concern to me, given the explosion of cash-intensive businesses over recent years seeking to hide beneath a veneer of respectability in order to conceal their dirty money.
What measures is the Minister taking to empower  trading standards, local councils, His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs and law enforcement to tackle this issue head-on?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend and the APPG for their work.
The Government are absolutely committed to tackling high street money laundering to deliver safer streets and economic growth working closely with partners through multi-agency initiatives like Operation Machinize.
We have strengthened the powers under the Economic, Crime and Corporate Transparency Act 2023, and have funded 475 new roles under the anti-money laundering and asset recovery programme to detect and investigate offences.
Just over a week ago, nearly 1,000 peaceful protesters, including priests and pensioners, were arrested in a single day for opposing the ban on Palestine Action, yet over the weekend, at the Unite the Kingdom protest, 26 police officers were injured and 25 arrests were made.
Does the Home Secretary agree with my constituents in Dunbartonshire that this raises serious questions about proportionality, and will she consider reassessing the proscription of Palestine Action?
Any attack on the police is utterly shameful.
The right to peaceful protest is a cornerstone of our democracy—it is a freedom that we protect fiercely—but Palestine Action’s activities have met the thresholds for proscription established in the Terrorism Act 2000.
The organisation has conducted an escalating campaign, involving sustained criminal damage to national security infrastructure, intimidation and alleged violence, including the use of weapons resulting in serious injuries to individuals.
Weaponisation of social media has become a real cancer in our society, with MPs and others being targeted.
What steps are the Government taking on hostile state threats on social media that might be being used to undermine our democracy?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise this.