What steps are the Government taking on hostile state threats on social media that might be being used to undermine our democracy?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise this.
New and emerging artificial intelligence technology has the potential to amplify threats to democracy, including through hyper-realistic bots, which are used to spread disinformation and misinformation at speed.
The Government are absolutely committed to addressing the threats, including by ensuring that social media platforms have the right systems in place to identify and tackle harmful material that breaches their terms of service.
The Attorney General has claimed that we need the European convention on human rights and the European Court to solve the illegal migration crisis—an extraordinary claim.
Will the Minister please explain, therefore, how Australia managed to tackle its migration problems and how the US is managing to implement our Rwanda plan, all outside the European convention that the Attorney General says we need?
The hon.
Gentleman heard the Home Secretary’s point on the convention, but it is clear that gimmicks such as Rwanda do not work—£700 million for merely four volunteers to go.
What works is effective  processing, quick decisions and quick removals.
That is what we will get under this Government, and it is what we do not get from those who carp from the Opposition Benches.
Earlier this year, 15-year-old Harvey Willgoose was murdered by a fellow pupil when attending school.
His murderer has now been convicted and a national child safeguarding review panel set up, but time and time again such panels make the same recommendations and we fail to implement the kind of learnings and culture change that would ensure that another tragedy like this does not happen.
Will the Home Secretary reassure Harvey’s family that she will ensure that those panel recommendations are implemented and that we can avoid any family like Harvey’s suffering that same tragedy again?
We offer our sympathy to the family of Harvey, whose death is a heartbreaking tragedy that has devastated the entire community.
Our thoughts remain with his family and friends.
Of course we recognise that pattern—I have seen it, too, in my constituency.
That is why we are creating a child protection authority, as was recommended in a previous inquiry, to provide effective national oversight to ensure that lessons are learned.
Chichester city centre has seen a rise in antisocial behaviour, in particular by those on e-bikes and e-scooters.
Residents are understandably concerned about such bikes, which are often modified in the speed at which they can go.
What is the Minister doing to give Sussex police powers to identify, remove and, most importantly, dispose of the e-bikes that are ridden so recklessly on our streets?
That is a concern that many Members in the House share.
The Crime and Policing Bill will give the police powers to seize vehicles being used antisocially.
I am happy to have a conversation with the hon.
Lady about what more we need to do.
Last year, a report by the charity Justice and Care highlighted that a lack of regulation allows unscrupulous business owners to exploit vulnerable people.
Nottingham Trent University showed that 90% of hand car wash businesses operate in a way that makes them high risk for forced or compulsory labour.
Will the Government consider licensing sectors such as hand car washes to improve compliance and prevent illegal workers and modern slavery?
In the view of the Home Office, the most important safeguard is the right-to-work checks.
That is why we will strengthen them under the Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill that is making its way through Parliament, but that will have to be underpinned with rigorous enforcement.
That is why I am pleased that enforcement visits are up 50% in the past year, as are arrests.
The 2018 definition of Islamophobia by the all-party parliamentary group on British Muslims said that the debate about rape gangs was a form of “anti-Muslim racism”.