I have already had conversations with senior police officers on this matter, and I am pleased to see statements from, for example, the chief of the Met police.
I will be meeting them in more detail to make sure that that line is not crossed, so we can maintain confidence in our police.
The Prime Minister promised there would be a summer blitz on antisocial behaviour, with more funding and more community police officers promised for our constituencies, yet this summer in Cheadle village we have seen even more antisocial behaviour in the community.
Throughout the summer I was contacted by residents about crime in the area, including police officers attacked, a local school broken into and neighbours threatened for simply asking gangs not to throw rocks at their houses.
One of my constituents, Adam, told me it is the worst he has ever seen it.
Why did the summer blitz on antisocial behaviour not include Cheadle?
More than 500 town centres across England and Wales have seen the benefits of that summer initiative.
I will ask my officials questions about the hon.
Gentleman’s area in particular, but it is an important model that we have trialled this year.
We look forward to building on it as we ensure we have the local responses and neighbourhood policing to deal with local concerns, building confidence so that people can enjoy our town centres as they used to do.
I welcome the Government’s commitment to the neighbourhood policing guarantee to restore bobbies on the beat in our town centres, following 14 years of Conservative cuts that have left our towns and villages at the mercy of shoplifters and antisocial behaviour.
Will the Home Secretary outline how Lancashire, and in particular my constituency of Blackpool North and Fleetwood, will benefit from that guarantee?
The neighbourhood policing guarantee is absolutely critical to dealing with the issues that my hon.
Friend raises and to raising confidence more generally.
The guarantee will ensure that all areas, including her constituency, will have a named, dedicated officer, guaranteed patrols and reliable response times, and will give communities absolute clarity about local policing priorities.
How can persistent shoplifters be deterred if short sentences are abolished?
The right hon.
Gentleman is asking me a question relating to my previous brief, but he will be pleased to know that I expect the new Justice Secretary and Lord Chancellor to set out proposals for dealing with prolific shoplifters in particular, based on some of the conversations and exchanges he and I have had.
I know it is a big problem, but the Government will have a response to tackle the scourge of prolific shoplifting.
I was contacted by constituents yesterday from the Pound Street mosque and Riverside Community Centre mosque who had  heard comments from the Unite the Kingdom rally about Islam not being welcome in this country or in Europe.
How can neighbourhood policing help to reassure my constituents and the 3.9 million practising Muslims in this country that they have the right to practise their faith without fear?
Freedom of conscience, religion and belief is a protected freedom in this country; it is part of the rights and responsibilities that we have as citizens of this great nation, and nothing should get in the way of that.
Freedom of speech is also protected in this country.
There will always be some crossover between those freedoms, but, as I said in answer to a previous question, I am absolutely clear that there is a line between content that is offensive, rude or ill-mannered and incitement, whether to violence or hatred, which is a crime.
It is important that we police the line between those types of comments effectively so that everybody in this country can have confidence in our policing system, as well as confidence in exercising their rights under the law of our land.
Last week was Rural Crime Action Week.