What assessment she has made of the potential implications for her Department's policies of the approval under the Animals (Scientific Procedures) Act 1986 between April and June 2025 of the use of 1,656,930 animals over the next five years.
The Department takes its responsibilities under the Animals (Scientific Procedures) Act extremely seriously.
Approvals for the use of animals in science are given only when no alternatives exist and where the scientific benefit justifies the potential harm.
The Government will soon publish a strategy on how we will work towards phasing out the use of animals in science.
More than 1.6 million animals have been approved for testing over the next five years, including through licences for invasive brain research on monkeys and for looking at different methods of killing animals in laboratories.
Labour’s manifesto committed to phasing out animal testing.
Can the Minister reassure me that the non-animal methods strategy will commit to Herbie’s law and provide a clear framework for phasing out animal experiments within the next decade?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member.
Herbie’s law is a proposed legislative framework to phase out animal experiments, specifically in medical research, in the UK by 2035.
The Government’s commitment is clear: we will partner with scientists, industry and civil society to work towards a long-term goal of phasing out the use of animals in scientific research and testing.
I will ensure that he receives a letter from the relevant Minister.
I thank the Minister for his answer.
It is quite clear that people have had their lives saved through scientific experiments with animals, and we thank the scientists for that.
At the same time, a growing number of people have grave concerns, including my constituents and probably the Minister’s constituents as well.
Can he assure us that when it comes to doing animal experiments of any sort, the priority will always be the people who can be saved as a result of the experiments, but it will also be the care of the animals?
That is what my people want, and I think it is what everybody wants.
I can give the hon.
Gentleman that assurance.
The Government authorise the use of animals in science under the Animals (Scientific Procedures) Act 1986 in  order to support critical national objectives in public health, scientific innovation and environmental protection.
The authorisations provided by the regulator are not a blanket approval, but a tightly regulated process that has rigorous and robust ethical, legal and scientific scrutiny.
What steps she is taking to help prevent migrants from crossing the English Channel illegally.
Under this Government, the National Crime Agency has led 347 disruptions of immigration crime networks—its highest level on record, and a 40% increase on the previous year.
We are passing legislation to give both the National Crime Agency and law enforcement more powers to arrest those suspected of facilitating people smuggling at a much earlier stage.
I was very sorry to see that the hon.
Member did not match his rhetoric with real action by voting for those measures when they were before the House.
I have it on good authority that the people smugglers in northern Europe are absolutely delighted with Labour’s new Front-Bench team, and especially with the promotion of  the hon.
Member for Dover and Deal (Mike Tapp) , because they know we will get more of the same from this Labour Government.
The boats will keep coming, the boats will get bigger and the people smugglers will make more money.
What difference is this Home Secretary going to make that the last Home Secretary could not?
I think the hon.
Member has just admitted to having a hotline to a bunch of people smugglers.
Perhaps he would like to contact the National Crime Agency and tell it that he is in touch with a bunch of criminals, so that they can be appropriately dealt with.