I am grateful for being able to contribute to this debate.
It is a privilege to follow so many powerful speeches, and the speech delivered by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Luton North (Sarah Owen)  was the most powerful I have heard in this place.
Her words rose to the moment; mine are inadequate by comparison.
I can only thank her for speaking so powerfully about an issue that affects so many of us.
I welcome the new Secretary of State to his place, and thank him for the way in which he opened this debate.
At the outset, I draw the House’s attention to my background as an officer of the GMB union and my current unpaid role as chair of the GMB parliamentary group.
In that capacity, I thank  the hon.
Member for Dundee Central (Chris Law) , as he leaves the Chamber, for what he said about Members’ staff in this place.
GMB is the union that represents the majority of people who work in support of us as Members of this House.
I am sad to say that they are perhaps uniquely vulnerable to some of the abusive practices that have shamed our democracy for too long, and I am at a loss to understand how the relevant Lords amendments were ever brought forward from the other place.
I wish to speak specifically against Lords amendments 121, 11 and 1, and in support of the Government amendments that seek to strike them out.
Before doing so, I want to say a few words about my hon.
Friend  the Member for Ellesmere Port and Bromborough (Justin Madders) , who is not in his place at the moment.
As a former shadow Minister and latterly as the sponsoring Minister for this Bill, he unfailingly and characteristically brought graft, industry and good humour to the brief.
This will be a weaker and lesser Bill without him, and those of us who support the Bill and its principles owe him a debt of thanks.
I am glad that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Halifax (Kate Dearden) , who brings a real depth of knowledge and understanding to the role of Under-Secretary of State for Business and Trade, is now guarding the Bill’s passage to Royal Assent.
I know that she will be both pro-worker and pro-business in her approach.
I believe that Lords amendment 121 contains significant drafting weaknesses and would fundamentally alter the nature of the proposed and restored school support staff negotiating body.
First, the amendment states that employers may introduce new terms and conditions of employment that
“meet or exceed any minimum standards set by the SSSNB.”
In legal terms, however, the SSSNB will not set or determine those standards; it is a statutory forum for negotiation.
The actual conditions of employment will be set through regulations drafted by the Secretary of State and approved by Parliament.
Secondly, the actual parameters of a future pay and grading structure will be negotiated by the relevant parties: the representatives of employers, and the representatives of employees.
That was the spirit of the original 2008 Act and the actual operation of the SSSNB in its original incarnation.
Given my experience as a former trade union officer representing school support staff, I know the contractual issues that need to be addressed are so complicated that they cannot be satisfactorily resolved on the Floor of the House.
That complexity is a result of 14 years of drift, dither and political disinterest in the 800,000 support staff workers in England who keep our schools going, and it is a damning indictment of the decision to cancel the original SSSNB.
Finally, Lords amendment 121 risks creating confusion at a local level.
The amendment states that employers must not be restricted from introducing “improved terms and conditions”, but changes to contracts are not merely introduced; they are consulted on and agreed, either individually or collectively, under existing statutes.