But tinkering at the edges would have been fantastic under the Conservatives, because their track record is that they did nothing—sod all—in 14 years.
Suddenly, they have found their reforming instincts now that they are in opposition.
This Government will take forward domestic as well as international reform.
What recent progress she has made on establishing a national inquiry into grooming gangs.
The process of selecting a respected and independent chair for the national inquiry into group-based child sexual exploitation and abuse is under way.
A dedicated victims and survivors panel is supporting the process.
The inquiry’s terms of reference will of course follow, shaped by a public consultation.
The inquiry will be trauma-informed and time-limited, as recommended by Baroness Casey, ensuring accountability, truth and change.
It beggars belief that the inquiry inches along at such a dreadfully slow pace.
With the Scottish Government ruling out an inquiry there, will the Home Secretary please commit to fast-tracking a thoroughgoing inquiry into the grooming gang scandal, for the sake of the victims?
For the sake of the victims, who we all think about today, we must ensure that we get this right.
There were multiple issues with the chair at the start of Baroness Jay’s inquiry, which took many years.
We want to do what Baroness Casey has recommended, do this right and properly, and do this alongside the victims, whom we are talking to.
We must, of course, lead the way on this.
We will ensure that we get the right strategy; it is for Scotland and the Scottish Government to decide on whether to have a similar strategy.
It is important to say that, alongside having this important national strategy, we are putting in place lots of other policies to tackle this kind of crime.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Conservatives raised the issue of a national statutory inquiry in January.
The Government attempted to block our calls for an inquiry until they were forced into a U-turn in June.
On  2 September , the Under-Secretary of State for the Home Department,  the hon.
Member for Birmingham Yardley (Jess Phillips) , said,
“this Government will not lose any more time in pursuing truth and justice for victims and survivors,” —[Official Report,  2 September 2025 ; Vol.
772, c. 160.]
yet here we stand today—no start date, no chair announced, and no terms of reference agreed.
The victims need actions, not words, so will the Minister please tell the victims of these abhorrent crimes when the national inquiry will begin—or will this Secretary of State have to be forced into action, just like the last?
I will not take any lessons from the hon.
Lady, given that the previous inquiry was not implemented in any way, shape or form by the previous Government.
Through the Crime and Policing Bill, we are putting in place Baroness Jay’s key recommendations, which is the right thing to do.
It is so important that we make the right decisions about the chair, the terms of reference and the process for this inquiry, which has victims at its heart.
We are following Baroness Casey’s advice, and as the hon.
Lady will hear soon, we will ensure that we have the right chair and the right approach for the victims.
We can do no less.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
I would like to use this statement to address the subject of this weekend’s events.
On Saturday, well over 100,000 protesters marched in London.
Many were exercising the ancient right to peaceful protest,—but not everyone did.
Some turned on the brave police officers who were there to keep the peace; 26 officers were injured and 24 protesters were arrested.
Those violent thugs will face the full force of the law.
Those who turned to violence on Saturday do not represent what this country really is.