That is why we will strengthen them under the Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill that is making its way through Parliament, but that will have to be underpinned with rigorous enforcement.
That is why I am pleased that enforcement visits are up 50% in the past year, as are arrests.
The 2018 definition of Islamophobia by the all-party parliamentary group on British Muslims said that the debate about rape gangs was a form of “anti-Muslim racism”.
Among other alarming things, it said that raising concerns about entryism into government by extremists, which is an established tactic of the Muslim Brotherhood, was Islamophobic.
The Home Secretary endorsed that  definition.
Does she still believe that addressing the religion of rape-gang members or identifying Muslim Brotherhood entryism is Islamophobic, or does she now disown that definition?
That definition sought to give context to patterns of behaviour.
Let me be clear for the hon.
Gentleman and the whole House: there is absolutely no excuse for, or hiding of, the criminality of those who engage in heinous crimes such as those involving rape or grooming gangs.
That is why the Government will take forward the Casey recommendations and have that national inquiry.
He knows that the Government are working with a working group on a definition of Islamophobia.
We have been absolutely clear that we will not pursue any measures that would impinge on our ancient right of freedom of speech.
Ensuring that our town centres are safe, vibrant and welcoming is hugely important in Clwyd North.
I warmly welcome the Government’s safer streets summer initiative in Rhyl and Colwyn Bay.
From walkabouts I have done recently with local police, it is clear that a strong community police presence is crucial to tackling antisocial behaviour where it arises.
Will the Home Secretary ensure that North Wales police have all the resources they need all year around in Rhyl, Denbigh, Abergele and Colwyn Bay to help build back our town centres?
So far, we have had really good feedback from over 500 town centres that have taken part in the safer streets summer initiative.
That initiative finishes at the end of September, so we will have proper analysis then, but it is our priority to ensure that our police have the resources they need all year round.
When will levels of shoplifting finally reduce rather than rise, as they have under this Government?
As we were discussing earlier, targeting shoplifting is an absolute priority for this Government.
We have a raft of interventions and we are taking legislative action to protect our retail workers, who have been particularly affected by a massive increase in abuse as well as a rise in crime.
I congratulate the new team and welcome them to the Government Front Bench.
A week is a long time, but I had a promise to meet the previous Minister to discuss the immigration system, because one of the challenges that the Home Secretary has inherited is a broken processing system.
As one of the Home Office’s largest customers for my constituents, I know where the gaps and the problems are, so I would welcome a meeting with the Minister about that, if the Home Secretary agrees.
I share my hon.
Friend’s important interest in that issue.
I would never miss a chance to meet her and I would be very glad to do so.
I call the Chair of the Home Affairs Committee.
I welcome members of the new Government Front Bench team to their places.
The previous ministerial team had been clear that they wanted to stop the use of large sites to house asylum seekers, but there has been some indication that that position may have changed.
Will the Home Secretary or the Minister clarify the position, and confirm that if they are changing that position, they will learn the lessons of what went wrong previously?
I look forward to working with the right hon.