As part of our safer streets mission,  this Government are cracking down on the crimes that make people feel unsafe in our communities, including snatch, theft, pickpocketing and robbery.
Our safer streets initiative has been running this summer in town centres, including in my hon.
Friend’s constituency, I think.
We aim to prevent crime and antisocial behaviour, and the sale of off-road bikes is at the heart of that.
In Wrexham, North Wales police is doing very important work to tackle persistent antisocial behaviour and low-level crime, but local people are, quite rightly, seeking further reassurance that these issues will continue to be dealt with and tackled head on.
Will the Minister please update the House on how police recruitment and training is progressing in north Wales and beyond so that communities like mine can feel safe and secure in the place they call home?
As part of our commitment to restore neighbourhood policing, the neighbourhood policing programme career pathway developed by the College of Policing is creating a structured training pathway to professionalise neighbourhood policing, benefiting communities across England and Wales, including in Wrexham.
In terms of recruitment, North Wales police has been allocated just over £2 million to support its projected neighbourhood policing growth over 2025-26, which is made up of 26 additional police officers and 15 police community support officers.
In Gloucester, thanks to the Government investing £1 million in neighbourhood policing and a further £1 million in its safer streets initiative, we have seen more police on our streets this summer, leading to an increase in arrests and seizures of illegal e-bikes and vapes.
Some of that funding is to come to an end this autumn.
Will the Minister please update me on how she will ensure that Gloucestershire constabulary builds on the great work it has done this summer to make Gloucester a safer place to live and work?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
It is encouraging to see the work going on in his constituency.
It is our intention to ensure that the police have the resources they need to do the jobs we need them to do, whether in hotspot policing, neighbourhood policing or tackling anti-social behaviour.
We will change legislation here in Parliament to ensure they have the powers as well as the resources they need to act locally in the interests of our constituents.
Local youth provision goes hand in hand with a decrease in antisocial behaviour committed by young people, with even something as simple as a ping-pong table in a closed shop able to make a difference in a community.
Will the Minister outline what work she is doing with the Department for Education and the Treasury to ensure that we solve this problem once and for all and we do not just move it on and move people around the place?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right: if we want to ensure that people are not getting into crime, we need to ensure they have activities and things to do.
We are working closely with both the Department for Education and the Department for Culture, Media and Sport to ensure we have a programme of activities  for our young people that gives them things to do and a purpose in life, including mentoring and support so that they can take the right path.
Residents of Long Hanborough in my constituency have described to me a summer of misery characterised by antisocial behaviour in the local playing field.
I understand that the local rural policing constabulary does not have sufficient vehicles for all its officers to be out at any one time.
Is the Minister satisfied that Thames Valley police has sufficient resources in its rural community policing forces to deal with antisocial behaviour in our villages?
Antisocial behaviour is pernicious wherever it happens.
Of course, we need to ensure that the police have the right resources.