It is clear to me that the Mayor of London is making the right decisions on policing across London.
Of course Members will feel that their particular police stations are important, and of course visible policing is important.
What our communities are saying—what my communities in Croydon are saying to me—is that they want to see police on our streets tackling crime, not sitting behind desks doing the jobs that unwarranted police officers could be doing, and that is why we are putting neighbourhood policing at the heart of our policies and putting those 3,000 officers back on our streets by April next year.
A constituent of mine tried to act as a good samaritan by handing in a handbag that they had found in the town centre, but they could not do so because Hemel Hempstead police station’s front desk had been closed under the last Government.
They were told that they would have to travel to Hatfield police station, which is half an hour away.
Does the Minister—I welcome her to her place—agree that the Hemel Hempstead front desk should be reopened so that the police can be even more accessible to our constituents?
Order.
I am not sure that the Minister has responsibility for matters such as this.
I am of course happy to talk to my hon.
Friend about the situation in his local community so we can ensure that the police are doing all they can to tackle all the crimes that were not considered a priority under the last Government, from antisocial behaviour to low-level threat.
That is extremely important to our communities.
I call the shadow Minister.
Let me begin by welcoming the new Ministers to their places.
The last Conservative Government recruited a record number of police officers, but earlier this year we discovered that despite Labour’s promise of more police, the headcount had already fallen by 1,316 since it came to office.
Both the National Police Chiefs’ Council and the Metropolitan Police Commissioner have warned that we will lose even more officers.
When will the Minister restore police numbers to the levels they were at under the last Conservative Government?
I thank my opposite number for his welcome.
Let me also use this opportunity to thank the Minister of State, Department for Work and Pensions, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull North and Cottingham (Dame Diana Johnson) , who did a brilliant job as Policing Minister over the past year.
Under the last couple of years of the Conservative Government, shoplifting soared: we saw a 70% increase.
Street theft rose by 60% in two years, and the Conservatives ignored antisocial behaviour.
Violence and abuse against shop workers was at epidemic levels, and the yo-yoing of the police numbers did not help; the hon.
Gentleman may remember that the Conservatives cut them by 20,000.
We are prioritising neighbourhood policing.
We will ensure that the police have the resources that they  need, and we will use new technology to ensure that we are tackling crime as much as we can.
Those 3,000 neighbourhood police officers will be in place by next year, and the 13,000 police officers that we have pledged in our manifesto will make a real difference to people’s lives.
May I gently say that the question is about the Mayor of London and police closures?
We have allowed a little bit of leeway.
Let us see how we go from here and try to stick to the questions before us.
What assessment she has made of the potential implications for her Department's policies of the approval under the Animals (Scientific Procedures) Act 1986 between April and June 2025 of the use of 1,656,930 animals over the next five years.
The Department takes its responsibilities under the Animals (Scientific Procedures) Act extremely seriously.
Approvals for the use of animals in science are given only when no alternatives exist and where the scientific benefit justifies the potential harm.