I am sorry that my hon.
Friend’s police and crime commissioner is not doing what is needed.
We need to empower the police to be out doing what they do best, not creating barriers for them to do so.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle shoplifting.
Shop theft hit a record high in the last year of the previous Government, but our Crime and Policing Bill will remove the effective immunity for shop thefts under £200.
We are investing over £7 million to support police efforts against retail crime over the next three years, including supporting a specialist team to target organised gangs and offenders.
We also back the Tackling Retail Crime Together strategy, in which industry and police are collaborating to better target perpetrators.
As a proud member of the Union of Shop, Distributive and Allied Workers and formerly the youngest deputy store manager for Halford’s in the east of England, I know at first hand the fear that shoplifting causes to retail workers.
What action is my hon.
Friend taking to ensure that the police have the powers they need to use the full force of the law to tackle those who steal from our shops?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Every Member of Parliament hears about this issue, and knows how distressing it is.
The intimidation of shop workers must stop, and the thieves who target shops and are stealing to order must be targeted.
We are repealing the legislation that makes shop theft of and below £200 a summary-only offence, which will send a clear message that we will not tolerate this crime.
Recently, A. C. Models in my constituency was targeted by a series of thefts that cost the owners, Annette and Clive, thousands of pounds, yet the shoplifter was ordered to pay them just £240 in compensation.
With retail losses due to theft at record highs, what measures are the Government taking to support small businesses that are preyed on by shoplifters?
We need to protect retail workers, and we need to do more to tackle shop theft.
As I have just outlined, we are doing just that.
I am very sorry that the hon.
Lady’s constituents have had to suffer this terrible crime.
We need to ensure that the message is loud and clear that we will not accept it.
What assessment her Department has made of the potential merits of disapplying the Human Rights Act 1998 to immigration matters.
Clearly the balance between the human rights of illegal migrants and the wider public interest is out of kilter.
This Government will legislate to limit the application of article 8 of the European convention on human rights, which covers the right to a family life.
This will mean that we can deport and remove more illegal migrants, and we will pursue international reform, too.
In my previous role, I was already involved in conversations with other member states of the Council of Europe, and this Government will continue that work.
I welcome the Home Secretary to her position.
Every new appointment comes with an opportunity to take a fresh look at these matters.
Clearly, since the 1950s, when the refugee convention and the European convention on human rights were first written, the world has changed significantly.
Successive Governments have tweaked various bits, working with partners, but does she agree that if we are to stop the small boats that are crossing the channel and illegal migration, the Government will need a more wholesale change?
I hope the hon.
Gentleman will take a bit of time to look at the speech I made to the Council of Europe just before the summer recess, in which I made a very similar argument to the one he is making.