There will always be some crossover between those freedoms, but, as I said in answer to a previous question, I am absolutely clear that there is a line between content that is offensive, rude or ill-mannered and incitement, whether to violence or hatred, which is a crime.
It is important that we police the line between those types of comments effectively so that everybody in this country can have confidence in our policing system, as well as confidence in exercising their rights under the law of our land.
Last week was Rural Crime Action Week.
I recently had an opportunity to join Cambridgeshire constabulary’s rural crime action team to see the work that it does, despite having to cover a huge county of eight constituencies with just 14 officers.
Those officers have recently been reallocated from being designated operational support unit officers to neighbourhood policing officers, thus bolstering the number of officers the Government will classify as neighbourhood police and helping them to reach the target of 3,000 officers.
However, those officers are neither new nor dedicated neighbourhood police.
Can the Home Secretary explain why she is artificially inflating neighbourhood policing numbers by reclassifying those in specialist roles?
The Government’s policy position is to ensure that the policing resource that we have focuses on neighbourhood policing, because we know that visible neighbourhood policing increases the confidence that communities have in going about their business and helps us to take back our town centres from those who indulge in low-level criminality—which is not low level, because it harms people and their confidence in their own communities.
That is why we make no secret and are not ashamed of our neighbourhood policing guarantee.
Very simple question: why are police numbers coming down under a Labour Government?
This Government are focusing on delivering neighbourhood policing.
We are going to have 3,000 neighbourhood police officers by April 2026, with 13,000—as we committed in our manifesto—by the end of the Parliament.
What steps her Department is taking to support Ukrainian nationals with their visa applications.
I call the Minister—welcome.
This Government remain committed to supporting Ukraine following Russia’s vile, illegal invasion.
I acknowledge the warmth and generosity shown by so many local communities in supporting Ukrainians in the UK.
Since the conflict began, more than 300,000 Ukrainians have been offered temporary sanctuary through the dedicated Ukraine schemes.
Ukrainians can still apply to the Homes for Ukraine scheme with a UK sponsor and, once here, extend their stay to a total of 3.5 years, as recently announced.
I start by congratulating the Minister and welcoming him to his place.
My constituent Lesley has been hosting and supporting a Ukrainian refugee, Ella, who, after months of delay and difficulty, has thankfully now received a visa extension.
Ella’s case highlights the wider problems in the system: long waits, radio silence and a lack of communication, causing huge distress for the refugees and their hosts.
Can the Minister set out first what is being done to improve the visa application system generally, and secondly whether the Government will consider looking again at allowing Ukrainian refugees who do not want to, or cannot, return to Ukraine the pathway and the chance of applying for indefinite leave to remain?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her congratulations and her hard work in this area.
The UK Government have been clear from the outset that the Ukraine schemes are temporary and do not offer a direct route to settlement.
The Ukraine permission extension scheme reflects our strong humanitarian commitment while also—this is important—respecting Ukraine’s wish for its citizens to return, when safe, to support national recovery.
The long-term position is under active consideration, and further details will be provided at the earliest opportunity.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle crime in city centres.
The United Kingdom boasts a fantastic array of cities, each of which has a unique character and appeal.