That complexity is a result of 14 years of drift, dither and political disinterest in the 800,000 support staff workers in England who keep our schools going, and it is a damning indictment of the decision to cancel the original SSSNB.
Finally, Lords amendment 121 risks creating confusion at a local level.
The amendment states that employers must not be restricted from introducing “improved terms and conditions”, but changes to contracts are not merely introduced; they are consulted on and agreed, either individually or collectively, under existing statutes.
The effect of the somewhat loose wording in the amendment may be to encourage local attempts to make unilateral variations to contracts and terms and conditions.
Members who support this amendment might say that only improvements could be made under it, but both “improvement” and “detriment” are subjective terms.
They are in the eye of the beholder, and I believe that if the amendment were to be carried through, the actual effect may be to increase the number of court cases concerning school support staff.
I urge the Opposition not to push a point, and to reconsider their wider opposition to the school support staff negotiating body.
School support staff undertake essential roles, and they deserve the same professional   standards and professional respect that is afforded to teachers.
That is what the restoration of the school support staff negotiating body will achieve.
We have debated the official Opposition’s amendments many times at various stages, but I want to comment on some of the Lords amendments that stand in the names of Liberal Democrat peers, either in whole or in part.
When I entered this Chamber at the start of the debate, I did not presume that those amendments necessarily enjoyed the support of the Liberal Democrat Front Benchers in the Commons, but I am afraid that impression was dispelled by the contribution from the Liberal Democrat spokesperson,  the hon.
Member for Richmond Park (Sarah Olney) .
I am at a loss to understand how the radical change in approach has come about among the Liberal Democrats in this House between Committee stage, Report, Third Reading and the debate that we are holding today.
In fact, listening to the hon.
Lady, I felt an uncomfortable sense of déjà vu: it was like watching the Rose Garden press conference all over again.
After all, her Front-Bench colleagues—the hon.
Members for Chippenham (Sarah Gibson) and for Torbay (Steve Darling)—were at all times appropriately critical in Committee, but they were essentially supportive of the principle of enhancing workers’ rights.
Lords amendment 11, which was originally a Conservative amendment in the Commons but now stands in the name of a Liberal Democrat peer, was not supported by the Liberal Democrats in Committee.
Lords amendment 1, which stands in the names of both Liberal Democrat and Conservative peers, seeks to amend clause 1.
However, the Liberal Democrats supported that clause in Committee and only voiced concern, which was reasonable, that timely guidance to employers must be issued to accompany it; indeed, they voted with Labour Members when it was put to a vote in Committee.
I fear that this amendment, too, could have serious unintended consequences.
The clause that it seeks to amend puts a duty on employers to offer regular-hours contracts to “workers”—that is the language used in the legislation as it stands at the moment—but the amendment seeks to convert that duty into a right to request by employees. “
Employees” is, of course, a more restrictive category than “workers”; indeed, clause 148 of the Bill as drafted makes it clear that for the purpose of the interpretation of this Bill, “workers” and “employees” mean two different things.
Many of the people who are classed only as “workers” are precisely those who may benefit the most from these protections.