What recent progress her Department has made on improving neighbourhood policing.
What recent progress her Department has made on improving neighbourhood policing.
What recent progress her Department has made on improving neighbourhood policing.
What steps she is taking to help ensure the delivery of effective community policing.
What recent progress her Department has made on improving neighbourhood policing.
Every day the police make us safer, but the public are rightly concerned that there are crimes that blight their communities and too often go unpunished.
We are focusing police on the crimes that matter to local communities.
We have delivered the neighbourhood policing guarantee, including a dedicated named officer in each neighbourhood, guaranteed response times and 3,000 more officers by April 2026.
The Devon-based Devon and Cornwall police and crime commissioner announced months ago, with great fanfare, that Camborne in my constituency would be a focus for her.
There has been very little evidence of that increased focus since.
She also said that Redruth would not be a focus because it was not a business improvement district.
Neighbourhood policing performance in the towns of Camborne, Redruth and Hayle are inextricably linked.
Will the Home Secretary meet me and Cornish colleagues to discuss neighbourhood policing across Cornwall?
I am very sorry to hear about those issues with the police and crime commissioner in my hon.
Friend’s local area.
It is important that those concerns are listened to.
I would be very happy for him to meet the Minister for Policing and Crime, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Croydon West (Sarah Jones) .
I welcome the action the Government are taking to strengthen neighbourhood policing in Wolverhampton, with 27 additional roles and officers newly allocated or moved back into neighbourhood roles.
Fourteen years of cuts have left west midlands police with around 700 fewer officers than in 2010 and a funding formula that short-changes our region by £40 million every year.
Will my right hon.
Friend commit to reviewing the Tories’ funding formula so my constituency can have the same level of neighbourhood policing and security as other parts of the country?
As a fellow west midlands Member of Parliament, I of course hear my hon.
Friend’s concerns, but she will understand that, as with previous years, decisions on police force funding allocations will be made via the police funding settlement, which is taking place later in the year.
I commend the Government for their commitment to neighbourhood policing, not least the proposed powers in the Crime and Policing Bill that will empower officers to stop antisocial and illegal e-scooter riding, which has been a dangerous blight across Stevenage town centre.
However, does my right hon.
Friend not agree that we should be giving police the legislation and guidance they need to keep our local neighbourhoods safe, rather than arresting individuals for posting on social media views that, while considered offensive by some, are nowhere near the bar for inciting criminal behaviour?
On the first part of my hon.
Friend’s question, he is absolutely right about strengthening neighbourhood policing to deal with the concerns he raises.
That is why we have brought forward new powers in the Crime and Policing Bill.
I agree that it is important that the line between that which is perfectly legal fair  comment, even if offensive, and that which is illegal is maintained as strongly as possible.
I have already had conversations with senior police officers on this matter, and I am pleased to see statements from, for example, the chief of the Met police.
I will be meeting them in more detail to make sure that that line is not crossed, so we can maintain confidence in our police.
The Prime Minister promised there would be a summer blitz on antisocial behaviour, with more funding and more community police officers promised for our constituencies, yet this summer in Cheadle village we have seen even more antisocial behaviour in the community.