Instead, we are taking a consistent, long-term approach to China, firmly rooted in the UK’s global interests.
I finish by paying tribute to our law enforcement, security and intelligence agencies, who do so much to keep us all safe.
They operate often in secret, often in the shadows and often at great personal danger, but they have our enduring gratitude.
While we are extremely disappointed with the outcome in this case, the legislation it relied on has already been changed.
Should we need to go further, we will not hesitate to do what is necessary to keep our country safe.
I commend this statement to the House.
I call the shadow Home Secretary.
Let me start by thanking the Security Minister for the briefing and information he provided ahead of his statement.
Let me also join him in paying tribute to the officers in our police force and in the security service.
They work so hard and take personal risks to keep us safe.
Let us start with Parliament’s Intelligence and Security Committee’s assessment of China, published a year or two ago.
It found that China had penetrated every sector of our economy.
When the Security Minister a moment ago said that China merely posed a “challenge”, he was wrong I think to use that word.
China poses a threat.
It poses a threat because it participates and organises systemic espionage into our public institutions, including Parliament.
It purloins intellectual property from universities and from companies, particularly in the technology sectors, and it routinely spies on the UK as a state.
They also engage in transnational repression of Chinese citizens here, for instance running secret, undeclared police stations and putting bounties on the heads of individuals.
The word “challenge” is not strong enough; the state of China poses a threat.
The Security Minister said that the Government would “robustly challenge China”, but let me gently point to some of the decisions that the Government have taken in practice.
We saw a signal back at the G7 last year, when the Prime Minister was, I am afraid to say, obsequious in dealing with President Xi, appearing to prioritise economic links above security considerations.
We have not seen any decision to place China in the enhanced tier of the FIRS scheme, although that regime has been in place for several months, and the Government seem to be viewing with favour the application for a new super-embassy in London, to which our allies, including America, are urging us not to consent and which many of our intelligence services say will be used as a base for espionage activities.
So the Government’s record on China causes deep concern, but of equal concern is this specific case—and, Mr Speaker, you explained why that  is of particular concern to Parliament, given that the alleged espionage activities touch directly on Parliament and the way in which Members of Parliament do their duty.
I have in front of me a briefing provided to the press by the Crown Prosecution Service, dated  26 April 2024 , when these charges were first laid.
That briefing states that one of the subjects was commissioned over a period exceeding a year, between December 2021 and February 2023, by a Chinese intelligence asset.
There are 34 reports on what this note describes as “very specific topics”, some of which relate directly and personally to Members of Parliament.
One of the deputy national security advisers told the Crown Prosecution Service that he assessed this information to be “directly or indirectly, useful” to the Chinese state, and said that it was
“prejudicial to the safety or interests of the United Kingdom.”
Given the gravity of that assessment, it is astonishing that these charges have now been withdrawn.