Is the Minister satisfied that Thames Valley police has sufficient resources in its rural community policing forces to deal with antisocial behaviour in our villages?
Antisocial behaviour is pernicious wherever it happens.
Of course, we need to ensure that the police have the right resources.
As the Home Secretary said, police allocation decisions will be made in the autumn, but I am happy to have a conversation with the hon.
Member about the particular issues he is facing in his constituency to ensure that, when it comes to issues such as police cars and vehicles, we are making the most of taxpayers’ money and making as many efficiencies as we can on that front.
In line with the comments made by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Maidenhead (Mr Reynolds)  about how we best tackle antisocial behaviour among young people, does the Minister agree that it is really important that outdoor education is integrated in the Government’s youth strategy?
The first draft made no reference to outdoor learning whatsoever, yet it is proven to broaden people’s horizons, give people things to do with their lives and make them much less likely to fall into antisocial behaviour.
I am happy to take that question on board.
I have spoken to the heads of all the violence reduction units across the country today, and it is clear that some of the most important work they can do is in partnership with other agencies and other bodies, whether in education, our youth services or others.
We need to pull the resources we have together, use what works and follow the evidence.
What steps she is taking to help reduce levels of bureaucracy for frontline police officers.
The Government are committed to tackling bureaucracy and are investing tens of millions of pounds this year in technology to get officers on to the frontline.
That includes working with police to reduce admin, using tools such as automated redaction and artificial intelligence, and deploying cutting-edge technology such as facial recognition and video response to increase the efficiency and effectiveness of policing.
I recently met the chief constable of Leicestershire, and he explained some of the red tape that his force faces.
Between April 2024 and March 2025,
it used 14,769 “use of force” forms.
These are for when people go into handcuffs.
Some 6,500 of those were for people who were complicit and were happy to be handcuffed.
Each time that happens, it takes an average of 23 minutes to fill in one of those forms.
If that could be taken away, it would save the force about £50,000.
Will the Minister look at this, and will she meet me to discuss some of the other red tape that we could remove to make policing much more streamlined?
We need to ensure that the police are doing what we need them to be doing, and that they are out on the streets solving crime and not tied up in red tape.
That is absolutely certain.
The way to be tough on crime is to be smart on crime, and I am happy to look at the hon.
Gentleman’s suggestions.
I recently met a police officer in Cambridgeshire who told me that that force had a policy requiring all footage from stop and searches to be reviewed by a more senior officer.
Due to this, they feel discouraged from doing proactive patrols due to the extra work that it adds for already stretched supervisors.
Will the Policing Minister write to Cambridgeshire’s Conservative police and crime commissioner and urge him to be more proactive on challenging these issues so that our frontline police can spend as much time as possible out in our communities?
I am sorry that my hon.
Friend’s police and crime commissioner is not doing what is needed.
We need to empower the police to be out doing what they do best, not creating barriers for them to do so.