We need to ensure that our police officers are given the best support that they can be given through the Police Federation, which is the vehicle by which they are supported through any incidents they have.
I will be working very closely with it to ensure that it is doing the right thing on behalf of its members.
I would not be here today without Wimbledon police station; in 2014, two brave officers from that station saved me from a murderous attack.
Wimbledon police station is now under threat, with its front counter due to close.
Does the Home Secretary agree that local police stations such as Wimbledon’s are critical to neighbourhood policing and community safety?
I am very sorry to hear about the hon.
Gentleman’s incident; that must have been absolutely terrifying.
We need to ensure that our neighbourhood police are responsive and are there when we need them most, which is why we are targeting the resources we have to ensure that we have neighbourhood policing.
The response teams must be there when we need them through any means of getting in touch with them, whether it is on the phone, online or in person, and we need to ensure that they are there.
When police officers up and down the country—like my former colleagues—reach 20 years of service, they receive a long-term service medal, but police community support officers do not seem to receive any recognition for long service.
Will the Minister agree to look into providing similar recompense and recognition for the service that PCSOs provide?
I hesitate to announce new policy in week one, but I certainly think there needs to be some kind of recognition for our PCSOs, who do such an incredible job across all our communities.
Is the Home Secretary aware that 20% of officers in the Metropolitan police are currently either suspended or on restricted duties, with senior officers warning that the situation is unsustainable?
Does she agree that we need urgently to review both welfare and disciplinary processes in our police services so that towns such as Romford can get more police actually patrolling our streets?
I agree.
We need to ensure that resources are targeted in the places where we need them.
We have made significant reforms to police standards already, ensuring that officers who fail background checks, for example, are sacked and that gross misconduct leads to dismissal, but we need to ensure that that is right, proper and appropriate and that our police are out on the streets where we need them to be.
I am very happy to have a conversation with the hon.
Gentleman about how these incidents are being operated; I will be having that conversation with the mayor, and I have already had it with the commissioner.
Last week, our US allies pulled back from the Global Engagement Centre their international effort to tackle cyber-threats.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that our democracy is protected from foreign interference, cyber-threats and misinformation?
We take all those threats incredibly seriously.
We hosted the five country ministerial meetings with our American, Canadian, Australian and Kiwi allies just last week.
We work incredibly closely with our   partners to ensure that we are doing everything we can to support UK businesses and to target the perpetrators of these attacks.
People in my constituency have raised with me problems of hare coursing, thefts, speeding and fly-tipping.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we can tackle the wide range of crimes in rural areas?
I am happy to meet with the hon.
Lady.
Before I call the Minister, I wish to make a brief statement.
I found out only this morning that the charges against the two individuals relating to espionage for the Chinese authorities were to be dropped.
I do not think that is good.