The shadow Home Secretary will not be surprised to hear that I do not agree with his characterisations of what he described as the “signals” that this Government have sent to China.
In truth, I will not take any lessons from him on that, not least because—I have said this to him previously—it was not so long ago that a Conservative Prime Minister took the leader of China to the pub.
When it comes to signals, I am not sure that the shadow Home Secretary speaks with a huge amount of authority.
The shadow Home Secretary spoke about FIRS.
He knows that the Government’s position is that no decision has been taken with regard to the enhanced tier and China, and any decision taken by the Government will be announced in the normal way.
FIRS is a crucial tool, and I am proud that this Government have got on and implemented it as of  1 July .
The shadow Home Secretary specifically raised the issue of the embassy in London, as I am sure other hon.
Members will.
He will know that China’s application to build a new embassy in London is going through an independent planning process.
A final decision on planning permission will be made in due course by the Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government, but I can be absolutely clear, in relation to FIRS, the nature of the threat and the embassy, that national security has been, and will continue to be, a core priority for this Government throughout the process.
The shadow Home Secretary asked about the CPS decision.
I know that he understands that he is asking me about decisions made by the CPS that are entirely independent of Government.
This was an independent decision made by the CPS, and it is not for any Government Minister to speculate on the reasons behind it.
As I have said—I have been crystal clear—the Government are extremely disappointed with the outcome in this case, and we remain extremely concerned about the espionage threat posed to the United Kingdom.
I hope that the Intelligence and Security Committee will get a good chance to dig into what has happened in this place, because we are hampered in the Chamber by not being able to look at sensitive issues.
I also hope that the Minister will lend his weight to the approval of many senior Members of this House, prior to the last election—it got as far as the last Prime Minister—to create a Committee to look at sensitive spending, but also sensitive issues.
In the summer, this Government chose to reintroduce extradition arrangements with Hong Kong, despite the application of the Chinese security Act.
Given what the Minister has said today, how can we square both of those positions?
I hope that my hon.
Friend knows that this Government hugely appreciate and respect the relationship we have with Hongkongers.
Through the processes in place, we will absolutely ensure that nobody, be they a Hongkonger or any other nationality, is  extradited for reasons of political expediency.
I can also point her to the important work, which we take incredibly seriously, on transnational repression.
I previously made a statement to this House, and I hope that she and others understand the seriousness with which we take these activities.
We are working closely with our international allies, and we are doing everything we can to ensure that the UK is a hard target for these threats, wherever they might originate.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
As always, I am very grateful to the Minister for advance sight of his statement.
For years, the Chinese Communist party has worked to undermine the democratic institutions and values that underpin our society.
This House is all too aware of the warnings, not least from the Intelligence and Security Committee’s excoriating report on China.