The long-term position is under active consideration, and further details will be provided at the earliest opportunity.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle crime in city centres.
The United Kingdom boasts a fantastic array of cities, each of which has a unique character and appeal.
In order to thrive, our city centres must be safe.
That is why this Government are putting policing back on the beat and bringing in stronger powers to crack down on shop theft and antisocial behaviour.
I was pleased to see Newport city council announce last week £300,000 for new CCTV in our city centre, and I commend the work of trading standards, whose efforts have seized almost £2 million of illegal cigarettes and vapes.
While trading standards and the police are working really hard to tackle this issue, the time-limited nature of shop closure orders means that the shops often quickly reopen.
What more can the Government do to strengthen powers to stop this?
I welcome the actions in Newport city; it is good to hear.
The Tobacco and Vapes Bill will strengthen enforcement and crack down on rogue retailers, and a raft of other measures in the Bill will crack down on these pernicious crimes.
I look forward to talking more with my hon.
Friend about this.
Sometimes crime wears a suit, as happened in Brechin in my constituency, where Mackie Motors had equity in their vehicles stolen by a French bank based in London.
Then, through mendacity or incompetence or both, the bank turned off the oxygen for that business of 50 years.
I have met with Home Office and Treasury Ministers to try to get around this.
My constituent has been to the Financial Conduct Authority, who told them to go to the police, who then told them to go back to the FCA, who then told them to go to Citizens Advice—you could not make this cluster-fankle up.
Is it not the case that in the UK today, if a small or medium-sized enterprise is in dispute with a bank, the FCA will demonstrate that it is neither use nor ornament?
I cannot comment on the specific details, as I am not aware of that case, but I am very happy to have a conversation with the hon.
Member.
Some SMEs in my constituency have had similar issues, so I am very happy to take that forward.
What recent progress her Department has made on tackling antisocial behaviour.
What recent progress her Department has made on tackling antisocial behaviour.
What recent progress her Department has made on tackling antisocial behaviour.
Antisocial behaviour causes untold distress and misery across our communities.
Under the previous Government, the response to this menace was weak and ineffective, and visible neighbourhood policing declined dramatically.
This Government are putting that right by rebuilding neighbourhood policing and introducing respect orders to tackle persistent perpetrators and stronger powers to seize dangerous and deafening off-road bikes.
I thank the almost 500 constituents who responded to my summer road safety campaign.
One of the top issues raised is the use of antisocial off-road bikes.
I warmly welcome new measures in the Crime and Policing Bill to allow the police to seize these bikes without warning.
Will my hon.
Friend also look at the sale of off-road bikes to see what can be done to restrict them at source?
I think the number of constituents who responded to my hon.
Friend’s survey shows that this is really important for our communities and something that we have to get a grip of.
There has been a worrying increase in such crimes.
As part of our safer streets mission,  this Government are cracking down on the crimes that make people feel unsafe in our communities, including snatch, theft, pickpocketing and robbery.
Our safer streets initiative has been running this summer in town centres, including in my hon.
Friend’s constituency, I think.