The clause that it seeks to amend puts a duty on employers to offer regular-hours contracts to “workers”—that is the language used in the legislation as it stands at the moment—but the amendment seeks to convert that duty into a right to request by employees. “
Employees” is, of course, a more restrictive category than “workers”; indeed, clause 148 of the Bill as drafted makes it clear that for the purpose of the interpretation of this Bill, “workers” and “employees” mean two different things.
Many of the people who are classed only as “workers” are precisely those who may benefit the most from these protections.
Some 5 million people who are nominally casual workers in sectors such as social care, construction, hospitality, security and retail could be excluded from these protections if the amendment, which stands in the names of Conservative and Liberal Democrat peers, were to be carried.
I hope it is not the intention of those on the Conservative Benches to exclude those 5 million people.
At the start of this debate, I could not believe that that was the intention of the Liberal Democrats, but now I am not so sure.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What discussions she has had with the Mayor of London on the closure of front counters at police stations.
It is clear to us that visible policing is essential to restoring public confidence in our police, which is why there will be 3,000 more neighbourhood police on the beat by April next year under this Labour Government.
The Metropolitan police will receive up to £3.8 billion in 2025-26, a £262 million increase in funding through the settlement.
May I, as a London Member, begin by paying tribute to the brave police officers from the Met and many other forces who were policing protests on Saturday, a number of whom were injured in the line of duty as a result of abhorrent attacks?
I am sure that the thoughts and prayers of all Members, in all parts of the House, are with them.
Last week we discovered that Sadiq Khan, the Mayor of London, had admitted that he had known as long ago as November that the Met planned to close a number of police front counters across London, having promised just six months earlier in his election manifesto that not a single borough would be left without a police front counter.
The decision to close Twickenham’s counter means that Richmond upon Thames will be left without one.
Does the Minister agree that, given the importance of police counters in maintaining trust in and accessibility to our police, this decision needs to be reversed?
Does she also agree that the Mayor of London has broken his promises, and that the Metropolitan police should be funded properly?
May I associate myself with the comments made by the hon.
Member at the start of her question?
As she would expect, we have been in close contact with the Met throughout the weekend.
Our thoughts are with the officers who were injured, some of them seriously, and we must of course ensure that justice is done for them: they run into danger for us every day.
It is clear to me that the Mayor of London is making the right decisions on policing across London.
Of course Members will feel that their particular police stations are important, and of course visible policing is important.
What our communities are saying—what my communities in Croydon are saying to me—is that they want to see police on our streets tackling crime, not sitting behind desks doing the jobs that unwarranted police officers could be doing, and that is why we are putting neighbourhood policing at the heart of our policies and putting those 3,000 officers back on our streets by April next year.