I think the hon.
Member has just admitted to having a hotline to a bunch of people smugglers.
Perhaps he would like to contact the National Crime Agency and tell it that he is in touch with a bunch of criminals, so that they can be appropriately dealt with.
All he and his party have is a bunch of rhetoric and no answers to the problems that the previous Government left behind.
It is this Government who will clean up the mess and secure our borders.
Illegal immigration is, by definition, an international crime.
That is why it is so important that we work with our allies, such as France, in targeting this issue, which affects our communities.
I welcome the Government’s “one in, one out” deal with France, which has the potential to be the most game-changing step in British migration policy in decades.
Can the Minister give us an update on how the “one in, one out” deal is going, and has she spoken to her counterparts in France in her new role?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that international co-operation is the key to us securing our borders here at home and assisting our international partners to do the same with theirs.
I am already in touch with my French counterparts.
That was a landmark agreement, which the Conservatives tried to achieve for many years, but they were all words and no action.
It is this Government who struck that  landmark deal, and we are working with our partners in France to get the first flights off the ground as soon as possible.
I congratulate the right hon.
Lady on her appointment and I wish her every success.
It is in the national interest and the national security interest that this issue is tackled, but her Front-Bench colleagues and the Prime Minister are absolutely wrong to get rid of a deterrent.
Notwithstanding all the new policies, all the new Bills, and all the new relabelling and rebadging of organisations, unless there is a deterrent the illegal migrants will continue to cross the channel, as they have done since this Government came to power.
When is a deterrent going to be put in place, and what will it look like?
I welcome the tone of the first part of the right hon.
Gentleman’s question.
It is in our collective national interest that we secure our borders, and I look forward to working with Members from across the House as we get on with that important task.
It is important not just to prevent criminality, but to hold our own country together, which is why I have always said I will do whatever it takes.
The Rwanda agreement, which is what the right hon.
Gentleman referred to as a deterrent, was nothing of the sort.
From the day that agreement was signed to the day it was cancelled, 84,000 people crossed into this country.
That shows it was not a deterrent that was ever going to work.
I am clear that I will do whatever it takes.
I am already considering other measures that will deter people from making that crossing in the first place, and I will update the House in due course.
Immigration is still a big issue for my constituents—they email about it and it comes up when I am in the pub—but people’s frustration is turning to direct action, and Northampton is now filled with flags.
Does the Home Secretary agree that flags are a symbol of our pride in our country, and they should not be hijacked by plastic patriots and those who do not work in our country’s interest?