The previous ministerial team had been clear that they wanted to stop the use of large sites to house asylum seekers, but there has been some indication that that position may have changed.
Will the Home Secretary or the Minister clarify the position, and confirm that if they are changing that position, they will learn the lessons of what went wrong previously?
I look forward to working with the right hon.
Lady and her Committee in its important work.
We have made a significant commitment to the closure of asylum hotels, which is crucial for public conference.
It is a matter of record that we are looking at big sites, including Ministry of Defence sites, but we will of course look very closely at the history in this space to ensure that anything that we do is effective and sustained.
I warmly welcome the Home Secretary and her team to their places.
The Home Secretary will be aware of the recent horrific attack and rape of a Sikh woman in Oldbury, in my constituency, who reportedly had racist abuse directed at her.
The case is being treated as a hate crime and a suspect is under arrest.
What steps is the Home Secretary taking to support West Midlands police in securing justice in the case, and to address the wider concerns of the Sikh and other ethnic minority communities regarding the increase of racism in the public discourse, which can lead to targeted violence and damage community safety?
The horror of a sexual assault motivated by race or ethnicity is absolutely appalling.
I am sure that the whole House will join me in condemning such crimes in the strongest possible terms.
On the specifics of the case, it is an ongoing criminal investigation and it is imperative that we allow the justice system to do its work.
I urge anyone with any further information about the case to get in touch with West Midlands police as soon as possible.
I hope that my hon.
Friend and Members across the House will have heard my comments earlier, when I said that this Government will not stand for any incitement to racial hatred or violence.
It is imperative and incumbent on all Members of the House to ensure that we all jointly and collectively hold that line.
In an earlier answer, the Minister referred to the increasing use by police of live facial recognition.
While that may well have some effect on tackling crime, it is being used without any legal framework and no national instructions.
Will she say when those will be put in place?
Facial recognition is being used in a controlled way for high harm individuals.
There is guidance about how it should be used, but I am happy to have a further conversation with the right hon.
Gentleman about that, as I am aware that Members from across the House have raised the issue of the framework within which it operates.
I pay tribute to my former colleagues for the way that they professionally policed the protests over the weekend, and I wish those who were injured a speedy recovery.
Police officers cannot join a union and they have only one staff association—the Police Federation—to choose from, the chief executive of which reportedly took home over £600,000 last year.
Will the new ministerial team commit to reviewing whether that monopoly can really serve the interests of our brave police officers?
We need to ensure that our police officers are given the best support that they can be given through the Police Federation, which is the vehicle by which they are supported through any incidents they have.
I will be working very closely with it to ensure that it is doing the right thing on behalf of its members.
I would not be here today without Wimbledon police station; in 2014, two brave officers from that station saved me from a murderous attack.