Some turned on the brave police officers who were there to keep the peace; 26 officers were injured and 24 protesters were arrested.
Those violent thugs will face the full force of the law.
Those who turned to violence on Saturday do not represent what this country really is.
When a foreign billionaire calls on our citizens to fight against our ancient democracy, I know that is met by the vast majority with a shake of the head.
That is because we are in truth a tolerant country, and, yes, a diverse one, too.
You can be English and have roots here that stretch back 1,000 years, but you can also be English and look like me.
The St George’s cross and the Union Jack belong to us all.
They are symbols of unity—a kingdom united—and must never be used to divide us.
I welcome the Home Secretary to her position.
Does she have plans to introduce a statutory cap on in-bound migration?
I have one job, and it is to secure our borders.
I will do whatever it takes, but what I will never do is take the approach of the previous Government, who were led by gimmicks and false promises that were never met.
Antisocial behaviour, including cars producing excessive noise along the Southend seafront and Westcliff roads, has long affected my constituents.
Southend city council, Essex police and I are working hard to address those issues.
Will the Home Secretary set out how the Government are going further, faster, in tackling antisocial behaviour, and how delivering on our commitment to have a named neighbourhood police officer in every community will directly benefit residents?
This year, £200 million has been made available to forces to kick-start the delivery of 13,000 more neighbourhood officers across England and Wales.
I would be very happy to talk to my hon.
Friend about the issues that he is facing.
We must tackle antisocial behaviour.
I call the shadow Home Secretary.
Does the Home Secretary accept that her predecessor was moved because this Government are failing on immigration?
Indeed, 75% of the public think that the Government are failing.
Illegal migration is up 38%, making this the worst year in history.
Let me try again: will the Home Secretary take this opportunity to commit to real action, back our plans to disapply the Human Rights Act 1998 in relation to all immigration matters, and immediately remove every illegal immigrant upon arrival?
I will take no lessons from anyone sitting on the Conservative Benches.
Their Government utterly failed on both legal and illegal migration.
This Government, and this Home Secretary, will clean up their mess.
The Home Secretary has some brass neck.
This has been the worst year in history, with illegal migration up by 38%.
Press reports this week suggest that a handful of illegal migrants might be removed to France—she has been silent about that so far—but that amounts to only 5% of people crossing.
Does she  accept that allowing 95% of illegal immigrants to stay will be no deterrent, and will she commit to publishing full data on a weekly basis?
On the subject of brass neck, I will have to buy the shadow Home Secretary a mirror, so that he can stare at one.
As I said, I will not take any lessons from him or any Conservative.
This Government have got removals up to 35,000, got asylum decisions moving again, and struck an historic agreement with France.
We are working with our partners in France to get flights off the ground.
Will the Minister give an update on the work of the defending democracy taskforce, please?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for the question, because the targeted intimidation and harassment of elected representatives is completely unacceptable.
The defending democracy taskforce works to ensure the safety and security of all electoral processes and democratic institutions, and to strengthen democratic society.