I agree that the changes that have been made—we have managed to come to a consensus on this—are very important and will make a big difference to forces families and veterans, which we all want to see.
I congratulate and commend the hon.
Gentleman on working cross party to ensure an outcome that will be satisfactory to everybody who is concerned about this issue, as he is.
What information his Department holds on the proportion of people granted asylum status living in the private rented sector.
My Department does not hold data on the proportion of people who have been granted asylum status living in the private rented sector in England.
It is extraordinary that the Minister does not have that answer.
Too many asylum seekers are arriving in our communities far too quickly because the Government have failed on their promise to smash their gangs.
People have had enough, and this Labour Government do not seem to have any answers.
What actions will the Minister take to support local communities and public services to deal with the growing number of asylum seekers in our communities?
I am afraid I will take no lectures from the hon.
Gentleman, as it was the previous Conservative Government—in which he served as a Minister—who lost control of our borders and presided over the complete breakdown of the asylum system.
This Government are restoring order to that system, speeding up decision making and reforming the appeals process to cut the asylum backlog and remove those with no right to be here at a much faster rate than the previous Government.
Our country has a proud history of providing sanctuary to those fleeing persecution.
Genuine asylum seekers who have been granted refugee or humanitarian protection status should be welcomed.
The hon.
Gentleman would have said the same some years ago, and it is a sign of just how far his party has fallen that he cannot now bring himself to do so.
I call the shadow Minister.
Despite that answer, it is clear that things are getting worse.
Our councils are battling with the cost of this Government’s border failures.
The 22% rise in small boat arrivals, combined now with Chagossians arriving in rising numbers, throwing themselves at the mercy of our local authorities as they escape Starmer’s sell-out, is stretching council housing budgets to breaking point.
The Government have refused to answer my written questions about what financial support they provide to councils housing asylum seekers and refugees who are granted asylum in their areas.
Can the Minister tell the House how much of the proposed rise in council tax is for the cost of the Government’s asylum failures, and will he publish the full costs and support in the interests of transparency?
The hon.
Gentleman is conflating two separate issues.
Genuine asylum seekers who have been granted refugee status and who can stand on their own two feet and work will rent, in some cases in the private rented sector and in other cases in market housing.
Some dispersal accommodation for those seeking asylum will, of course, be in the private rented sector, and that can add pressure to local rental markets.
That is why decisions must be made in co-ordination with local authorities and taking into account local housing pressures.
More importantly, that is why the reduction in hotel use needs to be proceeded with in an ordered and managed way, not the chaotic way that the Conservatives have been calling for.
What steps he plans to take to ensure that new housing developments have adequate access to infrastructure.
The national planning policy framework sets out that:
“The purpose of the planning system is to contribute to the achievement of sustainable development, including the provision of…supporting infrastructure in a sustainable manner.”
We made changes to the framework in December last year that will support the increased provision and modernisation of various types of public infrastructure.