Gentleman’s points in detail over the weeks and months to come.
Across the Sheffield city council area, including my Penistone and Stocksbridge constituency, 26,400 people are waiting for council homes.
That is a legacy of the Conservative Government in coalition making it more difficult for empty homes to be brought back into residential use.
Will the Minister work with Sheffield city council and me to ensure that it has increased resources and powers to expedite bringing empty homes back into use, so that my constituents and those across the authority can stay near but go far?
As I iterated earlier, we want to see more empty homes brought back into use in Sheffield and across the country.
As we outlined in the English devolution White Paper, we intend to strengthen the ability of local authorities such as Sheffield city council to take over the management of vacant residential premises.
We in Leicestershire have three, if not four, plans for our reorganisation, with no agreement.
We also have a county council run by Reform, which has already had not one but two reshuffles, losing its cabinet leads for social services and finance.
While 70% of its budget is spent on social services and special educational needs and disabilities, what assurances can the Government give me that my constituents will get those services, and that those services will be protected, when there already seems to be chaos in the council?
As I mentioned some moments ago, reorganisation creates an opportunity for simpler and clearer local services.
I look forward to working with Members across the House to get it right, particularly in tackling some of the issues that the hon.
Gentleman mentions.
Another vape shop opened on one of my high streets in Bassetlaw last week, and yet another opened in a vacated bank less than a month ago.
People tell me, and I tend to agree with them, that nobody knows how those shops will sustain an income to keep them going.
What are the Government doing to take on rogue traders?
My hon.
Friend is completely right to raise this issue.
That is why we are giving local communities greater powers to control the proliferation of gambling and vape shops.
It is also why, through our Pride in Place programme,  we are giving communities the funding and tools they need to shape their local high streets, so that those communities can have the shops they want in their place.
My constituent Steve Dally was charged £70,000 by Liberal Democrat-controlled Waverley borough council for the apparent crime of building a home extension.
I met the Housing Minister earlier this year to talk about abuse of the community infrastructure levy.
Could he update the House on his plans to stop it?
As the right hon.
Gentleman knows, I agree that we have seen unintended consequences of the 2010 CIL regulations—they have unfairly penalised some homeowners.
I can only reiterate the commitments I gave him during that meeting.
In principle, we are committed to finding a solution to this issue, and I am more than happy to meet him again and update him on the steps we have taken in the interim.
Up and down the country, people are being priced out of their communities by sky-high rents and extortionate housing costs.
In Wandsworth, the rent for a one-bed flat will cost the average Londoner almost half of their monthly take-home pay.
Does the Minister agree that we must put an end to this situation and make housing affordable again?
We absolutely need to make housing affordable.
One of the primary ways in which we can do that is to build more homes of all tenures, which is precisely what we are committed to doing.
We can also boost the supply of social and affordable housing, which our social and affordable housing programme—worth £39 billion over 10 years—will do.