Thanks to the action of the previous Government and councils up and down the country, 90% of rough sleepers were got off the streets at the beginning of the pandemic,  five and half years ago.
Tragically, since then, most of those people—young and old—have returned to rough sleeping.
In constituencies like mine, street homelessness is not so obvious—people are living and sleeping in woods, ruins and so on—yet the tragedy is still there.
What lessons can the Minister and the Government learn from that rapid removal of homeless people from the streets in 2020, so that they can implement it again?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his point.
Homelessness can be about rough sleeping, but there is also hidden homelessness.
Our forthcoming strategy needs to consider all that in the round.
He asks me what lesson I take from what happened a few years ago—and, I would argue, from how we reduced rough sleeping in the past.
I would say that politics is about choices.
We took the choice last week to invest, in-year, an extra £84 million in preventing and addressing homelessness.
That is the right thing to ensure that everybody in this country is safe and has a roof over their head.
I call the shadow Minister.
I welcome the Minister to her place.
Youth and overall homelessness have increased since the Government took office, and charities have been harmed by policies such as the national insurance rises imposed by the Chancellor.
We welcome the additional money that the Government have allocated for tackling homelessness this winter, but it is an admission that they have failed in their pledge to reduce homelessness.
The former Minister had a novel touch, and sent the figure the wrong way.
I will ask this Minister the same question that I asked in the previous Session: does she accept that homelessness has risen under this Government, and will she commit to eliminating it by the end of this Parliament?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his words of welcome.
I refer him to the comments that I made to colleagues.
The homelessness strategy is on its way.
I am afraid that we could not overturn 14 years of wrong choices in the time that we have had in office—that is not realistic—but our strategy on its way.
If there is cross-party support for going much further to reduce the use of temporary accommodation and ensure that everyone has a roof over their head, I will happily work with him to do that together.
What steps his Department is taking to support local authorities to build social housing in Buckingham and Bletchley constituency.
The Government have taken decisive action to improve the capacity of all local authorities, including those in Buckingham and Bletchley, to build more social housing, including through our new £39 billion social and affordable homes programme, the new 10-year social housing rent settlement, and right-to-buy reform, so that we can reverse the decline seen under the previous Government.
The on-time, on-budget delivery of 183 new council homes for local families on the Lakes estate in Bletchley is a good demonstration of what Labour can achieve in local government.
Is my right hon.
Friend willing to visit Bletchley over the coming weeks and months to discuss how further investment from the social and affordable homes programme could help ambitious, pro-housebuilding councils like Milton Keynes to go even further for local people?
I am sure that it will come as no surprise to my hon.
Friend that I wholeheartedly welcome the delivery of 183 new council homes in his constituency.
I fully agree that the Lakes estate demonstrates the ambition of Milton Keynes city council to build the homes that its communities want and need.
I also value such councils’ support in helping the Government to meet our ambitious housebuilding targets, which include targets for the biggest boost to social and affordable housing in this country in a generation.