Islamist extremism is sadly a threat we know all too well in the United Kingdom.
In July, we remembered the 52 people murdered by Islamist terrorists in the 7/7 bombings, which took place 20 years ago—the deadliest terrorist attack committed on British soil.
We also remember Sir David Amess, also murdered by an Islamist extremist, and the 22 victims of the Manchester Arena attack, also murdered by an Islamist extremist.
We should not be afraid to call out this extremist ideology wherever we see it.
It has no place in this country.
Will the Home Secretary pledge to drop any definition of Islamophobia that would make calling out Islamist extremism any harder?
The fact is that 75% of MI5’s terrorism-related caseload is related to Islamist extremism, and the vast majority of terrorist murders in the past 25 years were perpetrated by Islamists, yet only 13% of the Prevent caseload is Islamist related.
What does the Home Secretary propose to do about that?
Britain gave perpetrator Jihad al-Shamie a home when he arrived here from Syria.
He then carried out a brutal attack on a synagogue, deliberately targeted at Jewish people, on the holiest day of the Jewish calendar.
We need to reflect very deeply on the implications of that.
Today, we must all stand together and fight the hatred of extremism and terror.
Attacks like this one are an attack on our whole nation.
We will never change our way of life, and we will never allow our fellow citizens to be threatened or attacked simply because of their background.
I know that the whole House will want to send out that message today.
I thank the shadow Home Secretary for his response and for the way in which he made it.
I look forward to working with him and with all Members across the House as we deal with what I hope will always be a shared issue and a shared problem.
Where there is agreement and consensus in this House on the measures that we should take, I hope we will be able to progress those matters quickly.
The shadow Home Secretary asked specifically about universities.
He will, I hope, have seen the comments made by my colleague and right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Education, who has made clear to universities what their responsibilities are.
It is important that she does that engagement before considering what measures to take if universities fail to take all steps to protect Jewish students on campus.
This Government are very   clear that universities already have responsibilities and they need to demonstrate that they are reflecting those responsibilities and taking appropriate action.
The shadow Home Secretary asked a range of questions on other crimes that are being committed.
He will, I hope, recognise that this Government have worked very closely with policing, despite lots of disquiet in some quarters, to ensure that we have absolutely no tail-off in our response to those who support a proscribed terror organisation.
He will have seen that there have been many hundreds of arrests.
As long as people continue to show support for a proscribed organisation, they will face the full force of the law every time they do so.
On immigration powers, I am considering all immigration issues.
The shadow Home Secretary will know that this Government have quite significantly increased the deportations of foreign offenders who have been found guilty of committing a crime in this country, compared to the situation we inherited.
I note his points on the wider powers of the Immigration Act 1971, which I am reviewing.
I will say more to the House on that in due course.
The right hon.
Gentleman also made a number of points on our proposed amendments to sections 12 and 14 of the Public Order Act 1986.
I hope that when we bring those measures forward, they will receive support in this House.