It has just been named by the Independent Commission on Neighbourhoods, which outlined 34 mission-critical neighbourhoods, as No.
1 for hyper-local need.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss how we can improve South Shore in Blackpool?
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss his concerns.
What commitment can the Minister give to my constituents in Thurmaston, Syston, Queniborough and nearby villages who wish to remain in the county of Leicestershire and have services provided in Leicestershire that they will not against their wishes be absorbed into the city of Leicester, as advocated by Labour’s city mayor in the context of local government reorganisation?
I responded to the right hon.
Member’s colleague from Leicestershire,  the hon.
Member for Hinckley and Bosworth (Dr Evans) , just a moment ago, and I refer him to that answer.
We have a process under way, and I will be engaging with colleagues right across the House on it.
If the right hon.
Member would like to get in touch with me directly, I would be happy to receive his representations.
I am pleased that Everton East in my constituency will receive £20 million in Pride in Place funding.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the Pride in Place programme not only talks about devolution, but delivers it?
My hon.
Friend is completely right.
We had a decade and a half of decline and neglect under the last Government.
This Government are getting to grips with it.
I thank my hon.
Friend for her enthusiasm and for working together to make this impact and to drive the change we want to see across our communities.
The Government have now delayed their decision on local government reorganisation in Surrey.
Can the Minister assure me that the Government are using this delay to protect my constituents in Esher and Walton from the Tory debt of neighbouring councils with which they might be grouped?
Will the planned elections in May go ahead?
As I have said a number of times on different aspects of this policy, the process is under way.
If the hon.
Member would like to write to me directly, I will make sure that she receives a response.
I know that Ministers do not comment on ongoing planning applications, but may I draw the Minister’s attention to an inconsistency?
Currently, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs is changing its guidance on heather burning on deep peat because of climate change concerns, but there has not been a concurrent change to planning guidance on building on peat.
Will the Minister agree to look at that, so that my constituents can be sure that any developments are safe and take account of climate implications?
I thank my hon.
Friend for bringing that matter to my attention.
He is right that I cannot comment on individual planning applications, but I will certainly look into the matter.
I wonder whether he would write to me with further details in that regard.
Do the Government accept that it is possible to bring in elected mayors and new strategic authorities without forcibly merging county and district councils in unwanted, cumbersome and remote unitary authorities?
There are two processes going ahead: the devolution process, driven by economic imperatives to unlock the growth prospects across the country; and the reorganisation process, which is being done to ensure that we have more streamlined and effective public services.
We are doing those in tandem, because the last Government failed to get a grip of local government structures and the funding pressures across the piece.
We are getting on with it and we are driving it forward.
Both processes are being driven with huge collaboration from local authorities across the country.
I thank the Secretary of State for taking the decision to invest £20 million through the Pride in Place scheme in my constituency.