On behalf of the whole House, I offer my deepest sympathies to their families and their friends.
May their memory be a blessing.
A further three men were seriously injured in the attack.
I know that all our thoughts are with them, and with all those who were caught up in these terrible events.
I also wish to thank those whose bravery saved lives: worshippers, staff and volunteers from the Community Security Trust, and the emergency services, who acted with speed and the utmost professionalism.
This is a moment of profound national sorrow.
An attack on our Jewish community is an attack on this entire nation, and it calls on us to assert, once more, our determination to tackle extremism, antisemitism and hatred wherever they appear.
Although the events of that day are painful to recount, it is important that we do so.
On the morning of  Thursday 2 October , a terrorist drove a car at worshippers outside the Heaton Park Hebrew Congregation synagogue in Crumpsall, Manchester.
The driver then left his vehicle, armed with a knife, and resumed his attack.
He was wearing what was later determined to be a fake explosive device, although it should be remembered that all present had every reason to believe that that bomb was real.
When the first call to the emergency services came in, Greater Manchester police declared a major incident and firearms officers were deployed.
Within seven minutes of that call, the attacker had been intercepted and shot dead.
Melvin Cravitz was killed by the attacker.
Tragically, initial findings now indicate that Adrian Daulby sustained a gunshot wound during the armed police response.
As is standard in such cases, an investigation is being carried out by the Independent Office of Police Conduct, but there are two things that I can say.
First, it is important to note that the IOPC has confirmed that the officers involved in the response are being treated as witnesses.
Secondly, it must be remembered that the police acted in a situation in which they believed a terrorist was likely to detonate an explosive device.
The necessary processes must now take their course, and I expect the IOPC to complete them as quickly as possible.
There is no ambiguity around who is responsible for the deaths and injuries that took place on that day.
Members will be aware that the attack was carried out by Jihad al-Shamie, a 35-year-old British citizen of Syrian descent.
We know that he came to this country as a child and was registered as a British citizen while still a minor.
He was never referred to the Prevent programme, nor was he known to counter-terrorism  policing or the security services.
He had, however, recently been arrested on rape charges, for which he was on bail at the time of the attack.
Investigators believe the attacker was influenced by extreme Islamist ideology, evident in a 999 call that he made during the incident in which he pledged allegiance to Islamic State.
Six people were arrested following the attack and were released without charge; one was subsequently re-arrested and has been bailed.
I know that there are many questions that the public rightly demand answers to, as do Members of this House.
Those answers will come, but for now the investigation is ongoing, and we must allow that work to take its course.
We know that voices in the Jewish community had long been warning that this day would come, and that Jews who had long felt safe in this country—in their country—now no longer do.
Now that this awful day has come to pass, we must learn from it so that we do everything within our power to ensure that it does not happen again.
Our immediate priority was to enhance security.
Visible officer patrols have been stepped up at synagogues and other sites in Manchester and across the country.