Since 2017, the Security Service and the police have disrupted more than 40 plots, and this work has saved countless lives.
Through our counter-terrorism strategy Contest, we continue to tackle threats to this country, including those posed by Islamist terrorism, which remains our primary domestic threat.
Through programmes such as Prevent, we seek to stop the slide into extremism that is drawing in far too many young people today.
Once the investigation into this attack is complete, we will know much more about how it took place, but the reality is we now face a domestic terrorist threat in this country that is more complex, less predictable and harder to detect than ever before.
That threat will never be defeated unless we address the hate that fuels it.
That means acting on the rising tide of antisemitism in this country.
I am horrified when I hear our Jewish community talking about their fear in a country that once offered a rare island of sanctuary in an all-too-often hostile world.
We have, in the days since the attack, stepped up our efforts to tackle antisemitism wherever it is found—challenging misinformation and hatred in schools, calling on vice-chancellors to do more to protect Jewish students at universities and calling on local authorities to use their powers to protect the community, as well as reviewing the clearly inadequate regulations that protect Jewish staff and patients in the national health service.
While these are important steps, more must be done.
Antisemitism is the oldest hatred, and we must now redouble our efforts to fight it once more.
Terrorists seek one thing: to divide us.
They hate a society like ours where different communities live together in harmony, united by a common identity that transcends the colour of our skin or the nature of our faith.
This attack has raised questions that must be answered about the security that we provide to our Jewish community, about how we address a rising tide of antisemitism and about how we bring communities together, rather than allowing some individuals to separate off into dark corners, including how we tackle the continuing threat of Islamist extremism and those who are pulled towards its warped ideology.
However, at the same time we must not let this attack defeat us, nor forget who we really are, because the real face of this country was not that of the vile monster who conducted this attack.
It was those who stood up to him and saved their fellow worshippers, and the emergency services who sprinted towards danger to bring the attack to an end.
The real face of this country was not those who took to the streets and protested the very next day, but rather those who were horrified by the attack, stood with their Jewish neighbours and chose the path of solidarity over division.
The antisemitic  terrorist attack of  2 October  was a horrifying act.
In response to it, I hope the whole House can be united in a simple message: those who seek to divide us by pitting one against another will fail.
No act of terror will ever defeat us.
I commend this statement to the House.
I call the shadow Home Secretary.
I thank the Home Secretary for advance sight of her statement.
At 9.31 am on the morning of Yom Kippur, the holiest day in the Jewish calendar, we saw the sickening terrorist attack on worshippers at Heaton Park synagogue in Manchester by an Islamist extremist.
The brutal attack left two men dead, Melvin Cravitz and Adrian Daulby, and three more injured.
Our thoughts and prayers remain with the victims and their families whose lives were so wickedly torn apart on that holy morning.
I want to thank Greater Manchester police and others in the security and emergency services for responding so quickly, and the brave worshippers inside the synagogue who stopped the attacker from entering.