It was our party that established the Coalfields Regeneration Trust in 1999, and we are committed to working with it to support our coalfield communities.
That comes alongside our wider efforts to invest in communities that were held back under the Conservative party through our trailblazing Pride in Place programme.
rose—
I am intrigued to hear how coalfield regeneration relates to the hon.
Gentleman’s part of Northern Ireland.
I call Jim Shannon.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
The fact is that there were coalfields in Northern Ireland.
There has been an opportunity—
Order.
So the hon.
Gentleman is saying that he has coalfields in his constituency? [
Interruption.]
Okay.
I am going to allow the question, but I ask that we think about whether issues are relevant to our constituencies.
The question of who benefited from coalfields in the past is always relevant to people in Northern Ireland.
Other parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland have experienced coalfield regeneration, and people have come back from those areas on the mainland to Northern Ireland.
Can we ensure that everyone has an equal opportunity to benefit from this?
These benefits have been brought forward in England; bring them forward in Northern Ireland as well.
I am not sure that that is relevant.
We recognise that we need to support communities across the country who have been held back.
We are working with the Northern Ireland Office to make sure that support is available for communities to renew and regenerate, so that they have the power to drive the change that they want to see.
What steps he is taking to reduce youth homelessness.
What recent progress the inter-ministerial group on homelessness and rough sleeping has made on the development of a cross-Government strategy to end homelessness.
The Government inherited a homelessness crisis; there were record numbers of people in temporary accommodation, and rough sleeping had doubled.
That is why my predecessor got together the inter-ministerial group on homelessness very quickly.
It has met four times, and has established the principles of the strategy, having sought full input from across Government.
That strategy is on its way, but just last week, the Government announced a further £84 million in this financial year to support people who are sleeping rough or who are homeless.
The Minister’s announcement is welcome, but last year, in England and Wales, 18% of the people who were found to be at risk of homelessness or were experiencing homelessness were aged just 16 to 24.
That number is far too high.
Will the Minister agree to meet the YMCA and the Youth Homeless Chapter Collective to discuss the action needed to support young people and reduce homelessness for good?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on sharing those figures with the House, because even though it is quite hard to hear them, it is important that we do not look away from this crisis.
I will of course meet her and the charities she mentions.
As the Minister may know, Milton Keynes used to be called “tent city”.
We reduced the number of rough sleepers down to 16 when I was deputy leader at the council.
We were able to do that because we understood that rough sleeping was more than just a housing issue; it was a whole-person issue.
Is she willing to meet me and the other officers of the all-party parliamentary group on rough sleeping, as well as Back-Bench Members who have experience in this area, while shaping and delivering the rough sleeping strategy?
I am aware of my hon.
Friend’s work, and the work of Milton Keynes council and others in the city, to bring down the number of rough sleepers.
We will take that whole-person approach in the homelessness strategy.
I never knowingly avoid a meeting with an APPG, so I am sure that we will get that arranged shortly.