We are getting on with it and we are driving it forward.
Both processes are being driven with huge collaboration from local authorities across the country.
I thank the Secretary of State for taking the decision to invest £20 million through the Pride in Place scheme in my constituency.
For 14 years, two communities—Woodrow and Greenlands —have been forgotten, while inequalities in health, jobs and skills have risen.
Does the Minister agree that the right people to decide where that £20 million will go are those who know their communities best?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his enthusiasm.
He is absolutely right: we are putting right the neglect and decline that we saw after 14 years, where communities had been held back because the last Government failed to invest.
We are putting communities at the very heart, and I look forward to working with colleagues across the House to unlock the potential to change our places.
Residents of Rutland overwhelmingly want to join Stamford, but the council is pressing ahead with an unwanted Leicestershire merger; residents of South Kesteven do not want to join a mega Lincolnshire council, but are being pushed towards it; and in Leicestershire my constituents do not want a Leicester city takeover.
What reassurance will the Government give that democracy will not die under these reforms, and that local people’s voices will be heard?
I can certainly confirm that democracy will not die.
I know that officials in the Department will have heard what the hon.
Lady has said, and I will accept her question as representations on the issue of local government.
In my kind and inclusive city of York, those who are putting up flags and expressing support for them have been emboldened to perpetrate racism and intimidate communities.
They have beaten people up and hung a death threat on our city wall.
What further support can the Government give my local authority to enable it to get those flags down, given that even contractors are being intimidated?
The flag is something that we must reclaim, and reclaim proudly.
We know that in some communities flags are being used to intimidate and divide, and we are working with local authorities throughout the country to ensure that they have the support that they need to make those judgment calls, but I return to the fact that the flag is ours, we need to reclaim it, and we need to stand up against those who want to divide our communities across the country.
The Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 was never intended to be used by local authorities as an addendum to planning enforcement.
The Secretary of State may well have seen recent media reports about this issue.
Will he undertake to look into it and to issue guidance to local authorities, explaining that while they have many tools at their disposal, the Proceeds of Crime Act is not one of them?
The hon.
Gentleman has raised an important point, and I am happy to arrange a meeting with the appropriate Minister so that he can share his concerns and we can come to a resolution.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I will make a statement about the terrorist attack on  2 October  and the action that the Government are taking in response.
Let me start by calling this attack what it was: an evil act of antisemitic terrorism that targeted innocent worshippers on Yom Kippur, the holiest day in the Jewish calendar, which was carried out by a terrorist pledging his allegiance to the warped ideology of Islamism.
I pay tribute to the two men who were killed on that day, Melvin Cravitz and Adrian Daulby.
Their bravery saved countless lives.
On behalf of the whole House, I offer my deepest sympathies to their families and their friends.
May their memory be a blessing.
A further three men were seriously injured in the attack.