We know the very basic facts, which is that the Director of Public Prosecutions asked for a statement from the Government to clarify that, at the time of the offence, China was a threat to national security.
He says in his  letter that such an assurance, or evidence, or a statement from the Government were not forthcoming.
We know that the Government withheld that vital element of the case.
The Minister is shaking his head, but who decided that, in the words of the DPP, it would “not be forthcoming”.
Somebody decided that.
He seems to be saying that it was the deputy National Security Adviser who is somehow accountable for making those decisions, but I question that point.
To whom are they accountable, if not the National Security Adviser?
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps he is taking to build more social and affordable homes.
What progress he has made on meeting social housing targets.
What steps he is taking to build more social and affordable homes.
It is a privilege to be appointed as Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government.
May I start by paying tribute to my predecessor and former Deputy Prime Minister, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Ashton-under-Lyne (Angela Rayner) , for all she has done since the general election last year on workers’ rights, local government and building council homes?
She made a real and lasting difference.
In July, the Labour Government published a five-step plan to deliver the biggest increase in social and affordable housing in a generation, and to transform the safety and quality of social homes.
The affordable homes programme will deliver 110,000 to 130,000 affordable homes.
Under the new £39 billion social and affordable homes programme, we have set an ambition of 300,000 new homes over 10 years.
We will set targets after the initial bids.
I was lucky enough to grow up in a council house in Rochdale in a stable and secure home with an affordable rent, but sadly that is an opportunity and a childhood denied to far too many children in my constituency today.
Why?
Because under the last 10 years of the Conservative Government, the number of families on the housing list trebled.
Does the Secretary of State agree that reducing the number of children in temporary accommodation should be not just the mission of this Government, but the moral mission of this Government?
I thank my hon.
Friend for highlighting this incredibly important issue and for always championing his constituents in Rochdale.
He is quite right to highlight the appalling record of the Conservative party on temporary accommodation for families and children, and on homelessness and rough sleeping.
Our drive to build more social and affordable homes will tackle its failure head-on.
We will reduce homelessness levels and the need for temporary accommodation by providing more secure and affordable homes up and down the country, with a particular focus on social rent, including record numbers of new council homes.
I welcome the Secretary of State to his position and declare an interest as a volunteer member of the Cornwall Community Land Trust.
The Secretary of State will be well aware that a perfect storm has hit the construction industry as far as the delivery of social housing is concerned: tender forecasts  are not encouraging, Homes England’s scoring matrix is proving to be inflexible, and the cost-value ratio used by registered providers is not helping and is providing a disincentive to deliver in the most deprived communities.
There are thousands of homes that community-led CLTs and others could be delivering now.
Will the Secretary of State meet me and fellow members of the community-led housing sector?
Otherwise, we will be waiting another five years to get shovel-ready affordable homes off the ground.
I am always happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman and others on issues as important as this.