Otherwise, we will be waiting another five years to get shovel-ready affordable homes off the ground.
I am always happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman and others on issues as important as this.
I had the pleasure of visiting Newlyn in his constituency not so long ago and some of those issues were made apparent to me by people living in the area.
We announced top-ups to the affordable homes programme in the autumn and the spring, and in March we announced £2 billion as a downpayment for the new social and affordable homes programme, which is now open for bids.
Homes England can and does vary grant rates on the basis of bids from social housing providers.
Importantly, the available £39 billion covers a range of tenures, including community-led housing.
I would expect and hope to see increases in the way that he has described.
The only way to solve the housing crisis is, as my right hon.
Friend so articulately puts it, to “build, baby, build”.
In my constituency of East Worthing and Shoreham, the median wage is £37,000, but the median house price has soared to more than 10 times that.
What will the Government do to ensure that social and affordable homes are built for my constituents who desperately need them?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his work on this issue, and I am sorry he is not wearing the red cap I saw him wearing in Liverpool recently highlighting this very important issue.
The Government have committed £39 billion to a new 10-year affordable homes programme that will deliver around 300,000 homes, with at least 60% for social rent—the most affordable tenure.
We have committed to the biggest boost to social and affordable housing in a generation, and we are backing councils and housing associations to build at scale, so that communities such as his in East Worthing and Shoreham get the homes they need at costs that people can afford to pay.
There are over 560 families on Gosport borough council’s waiting list for social housing, yet despite taking power a few years ago, the Liberal Democrat council has not built a single extra council house.
Meanwhile, the complaints I get in my mailbag about the substandard quality of council accommodation grow more and more every single week.
What is the Secretary of State doing to encourage such inadequate councils to build a greater quantity and better quality of council accommodation?
The hon.
Lady will be aware that the Government have reintroduced home building targets that were scrapped by the previous Government.
It is important that we have those targets and that they are achievable, and councils will be held to account to achieve them.
I am working on an acceleration package to encourage more building in which local authorities  will be key partners, and we will make announcements on that in due course.
Of course, the hon.
Lady will be aware of the changes we are making to drive up standards in council and other social housing, which we will insist are enforced and carried through.
I call the shadow Minister.
It falls to me to open the bowling for the Opposition Front Bench, so I congratulate the right hon.
Gentleman on his appointment and welcome him to his place today.
The previous Government awarded the Mayor of London almost £9 billion of funding to build a total of 151,000 affordable homes in London.
The second tranche of that money amounted to £4 billion, which was to build 35,000 homes between 2021 and 2026.
To date, only 997 have been completed, with 443 of those homes being acquisitions rather than newly built.
What plans does the Secretary of State have to hold the Mayor of London to account for this lamentable failure?
I thank the hon.