I thank the Home Secretary for her statement, and I am sure that the people of Crumpsall, where this atrocity took place, will welcome it.
The only point I would add is that while these acts of antisemitism and violence are un-British, they are also inhuman—I think that is a better way to describe them, rather than “un-British.”
I thank the Home Secretary and the Prime Minister for coming to Manchester on the day of the attack, which was much appreciated.
The Home Secretary had a chance to meet the heroes, because while there was violence and tragedy, there were certainly heroes, not least the members of the congregation—two of whom lost their lives—who protected other members of the congregation from what would undoubtedly have been more deaths.
The Home Secretary also met the Community Security Trust, the police and the fire brigade, who all played an excellent role in getting to the site of the violence as quickly as they could.
I have lived in this community, within a stone’s throw of the synagogue, for most of my adult life, and I have no doubt that the community will remain resilient.
It has always been resilient.
The film crews who thronged about the area after the violence were amazed that Muslims, Jews, Sikhs, Christians and people of no religion were all consoling each other.
There was no hostility at all on the street.
The final points I want to make are not as heartwarming.
There is hurt and anger within the local Jewish community.
They had known for some time that an attack like this was coming.
Obviously they did not know when or where, but it has arrived.
They feel that there has developed a hierarchy of racism—that somehow Jew hatred is not as important as other kinds of racism.
They feel that not enough has been done to protect them.
The extra security that the Prime Minister and the Home Secretary have announced is welcome, but what the community are looking for is extra action to deal with religious extremists who are involved in illegal activity, to get to the heart of the violent activities against the Jewish community.
The final point I will make is that, in one sense, taking action against illegal activities is the easier part.
But partly because of what has happened in Gaza, many people now think it is okay in casual dinner party conversation—we have probably all heard it and witnessed it—to make antisemitic comments.
It is not okay.
It is also not okay, although it is not against the law, for  artists—if I can use that word—like Bob Vylan to be operating and spreading their hate on campuses like Manchester University.
Will the Home Secretary look forward with me to a future not only free of antisemitism but where I do not have to walk or drive past Jewish schools with security guards outside them?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend, who is an assiduous constituency Member of Parliament.
I saw for myself at first hand his deep links in the community that he represents in the House and how he has been a source of real strength in bringing people together in that part of Manchester.
As a member of an ethnic and faith minority myself, one of the things that I most hate about our political discourse and national conversation is the hierarchy of racism.
I hate how minority communities feel like we are pitted against one another in a fight for attention and recognition of the difficulties that we might face as individual groups.
Racism in all its forms is abhorrent, and I will be as assiduous in fighting the scourge of antisemitism in this country as people might expect me, as a Muslim, to be in fighting Islamophobia in this country.