Does the Minister agree that such changes should be done with local residents and businesses, and not forced upon them?
One hundred per cent.
Devolution offers the opportunity to put communities in the driving seat and give them genuine power.
For example, this Government’s Pride in Place programme puts communities right at the centre, because we think that is how to ensure that communities come together to drive the change that they want to see in their area.
We encourage all councils to work closely with their local communities to make that change happen.
What steps he is taking to support the building of social housing in rural towns and villages.
The £39 billion social and affordable homes programme will support a wide range of social and affordable housing, including council housing, supported housing, community-led housing and, of course, rural housing.
The Government will also consider how planning policy can better promote rural affordable housing through our work on national policies, which will be brought forward for decision making later in the year.
I thank the Secretary of State for that response.
Cornwall has been given an ambitious annual target of 4,400 homes, and I sincerely hope that a large proportion of those will be for the 25,000 Cornish families on the housing waiting list.
I meet so many constituents in social and private housing who have been left high and dry by dodgy developers who go into liquidation before they can deliver vital infrastructure,  such as roads and sewerage works.
Will the Secretary of State please meet me to discuss the enforcement tools that local authorities need to properly hold those developers to account?
I certainly recognise the problem that the hon.
Member describes; it is an issue in North Cornwall and right across the country.
On the developer contribution, we are looking at how we can strengthen enforcement, so that where commitments are made, they are delivered on, and local communities are not stranded and left high and dry because the vital infrastructure to support the homes never appears.
What steps he is taking to bring long-term empty homes back into occupation.
Welcome, Minister.
Thank you very much, Mr Speaker.
The Government want more empty homes brought back into use across the country, including through the steps we outlined in the English devolution White Paper to strengthen local authorities’ ability to take over the management of vacant residential premises.
I welcome the Minister to her new role.
Will the Government consider introducing a policy whereby long-term empty properties brought back into use as homes will count towards a district’s housing target?
Local authorities have a number of powers to deal with empty homes.
The hon.
Member raises an interesting point, which I will take away and consider with officials.
There are 46 long-term empty properties in the community of Park End in my constituency.
Park End desperately needs regeneration, so I am delighted that the Government have awarded it £20 million of Pride in Place funding, for the community to use for regeneration over the long term.
Will the Government commit to working with me to make sure that the local community gets the best from that funding?
Absolutely.
I am really encouraged by the way that local communities are seizing the opportunity of Pride in Place funding, and taking it forward to deal with an issue that affects every council across the country.
Whether he plans to include community-led housing within the long-term housing strategy.
The Government recognise that community-led housing delivers a wide range of benefits.
We strengthened  support for it in the revised national planning policy framework published last year, and in March we announced a 10-year social finance investment to provide capital funding for community-led housing.
As part of the development of our long-term housing strategy, we are considering how the Government might further support the growth of the sector.