Friend’s work, and the work of Milton Keynes council and others in the city, to bring down the number of rough sleepers.
We will take that whole-person approach in the homelessness strategy.
I never knowingly avoid a meeting with an APPG, so I am sure that we will get that arranged shortly.
Reducing youth homelessness relies on having an effective, working housing market.
Of course, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for North West Essex (Mrs Badenoch)  understands that, and that is why she has pledged that a future Conservative Government will abolish stamp duty on primary residences.
She has also said that she is  happy for the idea to be stolen and adopted by other parties.
It would reduce the cost of house buying in Beverley and Holderness by around £3,800—a real boost for young families trying to get on the housing ladder.
Will the Minister say to the Secretary of State, and indeed the Chancellor, “Adopt this policy, and do it now”?
The party of Liz Truss just doesn’t learn, does it?
The Conservatives are happy to make tax policy that is absolute fantasy.
People need real homes to live in, not this kind of thing, and the Conservatives simply will not get a hearing until they look at their record and learn to say sorry.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
I welcome the Secretary of State and his Ministers to their positions.
I very much look forward to welcoming them to meetings of the Select Committee; we are a fair and robust Committee.
The Minister highlighted the inter-ministerial group, which the former Secretary of State chaired and saw as being very important.
The issue cuts across all departmental groups.
It is important, because within two months, as we go into the next year, and in the next financial year, we will see over 170,000 young children in temporary accommodation —in homelessness.
That should worry all of us.
The inter-ministerial group has met four times.
Can the Minister confirm that the group will continue to be convened—and if it will, who will chair it?
The Chair of the Select Committee makes the case extremely well.
If anybody in this Chamber is not worried about temporary accommodation, they are not paying attention; that is how serious this is.
It is terrible for our kids, and for the taxpayer, because it is so expensive.
I will follow up with her.
A lot of work has already been done on the homelessness strategy.
We want to get it confirmed as soon as possible.
I will engage fully with the Select Committee on the strategy to ensure that we get it right, and we will come back to her shortly with the details of how we will do that together.
Every night, over 1,000 children are homeless in my city; they are either in temporary accommodation, or even worse off.
Does the Minister agree that this is totally unacceptable for a modern society, and that the Government must bring forward its cross-departmental plan to tackle youth homelessness?
I refer the hon.
Gentleman to what I just said to the Chair of the Select Committee, but let me confirm again that any child in temporary accommodation, particularly B&B accommodation, who has not got enough space to do their homework pays the price—not just through what they are going through today, but in the future.
We cannot accept that.
We cannot stand for it, and we should work together across this House to bring this to an end.
Thanks to the action of the previous Government and councils up and down the country, 90% of rough sleepers were got off the streets at the beginning of the pandemic,  five and half years ago.
Tragically, since then, most of those people—young and old—have returned to rough sleeping.
In constituencies like mine, street homelessness is not so obvious—people are living and sleeping in woods, ruins and so on—yet the tragedy is still there.