I asked for a simple yes or no, but the right hon.
Gentleman struggled to give that.
The truth is that we have outlined exactly where the money could come from and we have made it clear that if those on the Labour Front Bench have the guts to take on their Back Benchers, they will have the support of Conservative Members in making the expenditure cuts that are needed.
The London School of Economics has estimated that £16,000 of economic activity comes with  every house purchase, so if he will not agree to cutting stamp duty, will he at least agree to not putting up property taxes?
I have to say again that the right hon.
Gentleman’s devotion to Trussonomics is admirable, particularly given that we have already seen it fail once.
We heard from the shadow Chancellor that the Conservatives would put up income tax if they won the general election.
They put it up to the highest level since the second world war; we are not going there.
Tory cuts to local authorities cruelly caused lasting damage to many communities.
What a contrast to the Government’s Pride in Place programme awards to Park End and Thorntree in Middlesbrough, which will change lives for the better.
Does the Secretary of State agree that 100% council tax equalisation and a new children’s formula are essential elements to fully deliver for those communities that were totally overlooked by the Conservatives?
It is important that we get that right, and we will have further discussions about it shortly.
I might disagree with my hon.
Friend on the importance of Pride in Place, which will turn around some of the decline created by the Conservative party.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
In June, the Department made the welcome announcement of legislation to allow proxy voting and remote attendance, which will help to drive up the diversity of councillors across the country, but the Government have not yet set out a timeline.
Will the Minister advise the House on when a timeline will be shared, and whether the Government have considered including the changes in the English Devolution and Community Empowerment Bill?
The Government are committed to an election Bill, which will be coming in due course—very shortly, I imagine—and I am sure the hon.
Member will be able to explore those issues further at that time.
In 2022, Tory-run Dudley council entered an agreement with a social housing developer but later pulled the plug and sold off the land, so we may not get those much-needed homes.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to ensure that councils maximise opportunities to build affordable and social homes on land owned by councils?
I am sorry to learn about the loss of social rented homes in that instance.
I can assure my hon.
Friend that the Government are committed to reinvigorating council house building, and I direct her attention to the five-point plan that we published in July to deliver a decade of renewal for social and affordable housing.
Whether Essex ends up with three, four or five authorities under the local government reforms, my constituents will certainly come under an authority that is no longer local.
As part of the reforms, will more powers be devolved to town and parish councils that are able to understand and properly reflect their local residents?
Local government reorganisation will create opportunities to improve public services, efficiency and clarity.
The final proposals from councils in Essex were submitted by  26 September , and we anticipate launching a statutory consultation in November.
I am sure we will discuss the right hon.
Gentleman’s points in detail over the weeks and months to come.
Across the Sheffield city council area, including my Penistone and Stocksbridge constituency, 26,400 people are waiting for council homes.
That is a legacy of the Conservative Government in coalition making it more difficult for empty homes to be brought back into residential use.