To date, only 997 have been completed, with 443 of those homes being acquisitions rather than newly built.
What plans does the Secretary of State have to hold the Mayor of London to account for this lamentable failure?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his kind words, but I think it is disingenuous to blame the Mayor of London for failings that were the fault of the previous Conservative Government and, I am afraid, current Conservative boroughs in London such as Bromley, which is a shocking 95% behind its house building target.
We cannot tolerate that.
The previous Government choked off house building everywhere by scrapping house building targets and crashing the economy, sending mortgages through the roof so that people could not afford to buy new homes—of course, the shadow Secretary of State,  the right hon.
Member for Braintree (Sir James Cleverly) , was a major cheerleader for the Prime Minister who carried that through.
In the last four years of the previous Government, housing consents collapsed by one fifth.
It is this Government who will take the steps to remediate that situation, this Government who will get 1.5 million new homes built and this Government who will work with local government partners across the whole country, including here in London, to ensure that the homes this country needs are built.
The whole House will have heard that the Secretary of State has no plans to intervene on the Mayor of London.
Under section 340 of the Greater London Authority Act 1999, the Secretary of State has the power to direct the Mayor of London to review and revise specific policies of the London plan if they are seen to be hindering housing delivery.
There are a plethora of policies—including an obsession with dual facing and twin staircasing and a bizarre aversion to corridors—that developers are united in saying are massively hindering development in the country’s largest city, which has the highest demand for affordable housing.
The Secretary of State is holding all the cards and the purse strings.
Why will he not intervene?
First, I do recognise the challenges the hon.
Gentleman has outlined.
They should concern us all, and I thank him for raising them.
He will be aware that we are making legislative changes right now, with the Planning and Infrastructure Bill that is going through Parliament, to speed up the planning system that is  holding back so many homes from being built.
We will be tabling further amendments to the Bill to tackle some of the challenges the hon.
Gentleman is talking about.
I am working with the Greater London Authority and the Mayor of London on an acceleration package that targets London in particular.
We will make announcements on that within weeks, and the hon.
Gentleman will then see the action that we intend to take here in the capital city to ensure that home building continues apace.
We will also be looking nationally, because every region of the country needs new homes built to meet people’s dreams of having somewhere affordable to rent or buy.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
In 2007, Ming Campbell launched the Liberal Democrats’ campaign for not just affordable but decent homes for our military.
I congratulate the Secretary of State on his position.
Will he join me in congratulating the forces families who backed my amendment to provide them with a decent homes standard, and will he agree that they deserve nothing less?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his kind words.
I agree that the changes that have been made—we have managed to come to a consensus on this—are very important and will make a big difference to forces families and veterans, which we all want to see.
I congratulate and commend the hon.
Gentleman on working cross party to ensure an outcome that will be satisfactory to everybody who is concerned about this issue, as he is.