What steps he plans to take to ensure that new housing developments have adequate access to infrastructure.
The national planning policy framework sets out that:
“The purpose of the planning system is to contribute to the achievement of sustainable development, including the provision of…supporting infrastructure in a sustainable manner.”
We made changes to the framework in December last year that will support the increased provision and modernisation of various types of public infrastructure.
Local development plans should address needs and opportunities in relation to infrastructure, and identify what infrastructure is required and how it can be funded and brought forward.
In my constituency, we have seen promises of new schools and clinics repeatedly broken, but in every case it was not the developer or local council that let people down but national bodies such as the Department for Education and integrated care boards.
They do it to save money by cramming more kids into existing schools and more patients into packed clinics.
In the light of the  21,000 extra houses that have just been announced by the Chancellor for Horsham district, will the Minister meet me to discuss how we can legally ensure that key local infrastructure promises are met?
The hon.
Gentleman knows that I am always happy to sit down and talk to him about these and other issues.
It must be said that when preparing a local plan, planning practice guidance recommends that local planning authorities use available evidence of infrastructure requirements to prepare an infrastructure funding statement.
Local authorities are not doing that in all cases, which is why the chief planner wrote to all local planning authorities recently to remind them of their statutory duty to do so.
We can discuss that and other issues when I meet him.
New housing developments agreed under the previous Government have been built on the green belt around villages in the Shipley constituency, such as Burley in Wharfedale, Wilsden, Denholme and Cullingworth, often without the vital investment in infrastructure such as GP practices, schools and other council services.
Will the Minister reassure my constituents that as we build the much-needed affordable and social homes, we will prioritise brownfield and ensure adequate investment in the community?
I can give my hon.
Friend that assurance; ours is a brownfield-first policy.
She highlights an important point.
The previous Government released vast swathes of the green belt in a haphazard and chaotic manner.
We are taking a strategic approach to green-belt release, prioritising the release of the lowest-quality grey belt, and we are ensuring that where that happens, subject to our golden rules, we see higher levels of affordable housing and infrastructure.
It is a much smarter approach.
The previous Government did not adopt it, and they should stop carping about it now.
What assessment his Department has made of the potential merits of requiring water companies to be statutory consultees for new housing developments.
Water companies are not statutory consultees on individual planning applications, but they are consulted as part of the preparation of local development plans.
On  26 January , the Government declared a moratorium on any new statutory consultees and announced a review of the existing statutory consultee arrangements.
A consultation on proposals designed to limit the scope of statcons to where advice is strictly necessary and to remove entirely a limited number of them will be published in the near future.
Outdated sewer systems mix clean rainwater with sewage, polluting rivers and placing strains on outdated infrastructure.
If the Government are intent on not making water companies statutory consultees, a national rainwater management strategy mandating rainwater harvesting on new homes and major renovations would ease the pressure on infrastructure  and reduce the likelihood of sewage overflows.
What recent conversations has the Minister had with the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs about introducing a national rainwater management strategy?
Will he consider making rainwater harvesting a mandatory requirement on new housing developments?
The hon.