We absolutely need to make housing affordable.
One of the primary ways in which we can do that is to build more homes of all tenures, which is precisely what we are committed to doing.
We can also boost the supply of social and affordable housing, which our social and affordable housing programme—worth £39 billion over 10 years—will do.
Winter is coming, and nearly 3 million households are living in fuel poverty, which is an absolute scandal.
The long-awaited warm homes plan cannot come soon enough, but given that previous piecemeal programmes prioritised private profit and left us without the changes that our constituents so desperately need, will the Secretary of State commit to funding a public body to co-ordinate, monitor and evaluate a nationwide programme of home insulation to hold cowboy builders—cowboy contractors—to account and deliver energy savings for all?
I will refer the hon.
Lady’s comments about the warm homes plan to the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero.
If she wishes to write to me with details of any particular cowboy builders, I would be more than happy to read what she has to say.
It is great that we are transforming leasehold properties, but many leaseholders are now stuck in a gap with their freeholders when it comes to betterment.
If they want to green their homes through new roofs, new insulation and electric vehicle charging, they have to pay a huge extra cost.
Will the Minister and, if necessary, Ministers from the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero meet me and my constituents to discuss this issue?
There is a real gap when it comes to achieving green improvements.
I would be more than happy to do so.
In April, the Government described their decision to approve a major scheme to unlock over 8,500 homes next to Cambridge North station after six years in planning as “nationally significant”.
Just four months later, the Government scrapped the whole thing.
How is that consistent with the Secretary of State’s announcement that he will back getting Britain building?
I am afraid that I am unclear about which particular site the right hon.
Gentleman is referring to.
Again, if he wishes to write to me, I would be more than happy to engage with him on the particulars of that case.
Cornwall’s economic potential is vast.
Cornish renewable energy and critical minerals can power the UK’s transition away from a fossil fuel-based economy, but economic development funding through the shared prosperity fund has come to an end.
Can the Secretary of State reassure the people of Cornwall that our economic growth will not be limited by the fact that Cornwall cannot and will not join a mayoral combined authority?
We recognise the uniqueness of Cornwall.
We are committed to working with the local authority to ensure that we unlock the economic opportunities in the area and build on its existing devolution deal.
The Secretary of State and the other Ministers on the Front Bench have to great fanfare today talked about responsible governance, but Basildon council and its Labour leader have repeatedly failed to meet basic housing standards.
Worse than that, its leader has gone live on social media to admit to counting postal votes and using that information to influence a recent by-election.
When he is held to account, will Ministers agree to throwing him out of their party?
I am unclear about the exact details of what the hon.
Member is raising, but if he would like to write to me or the Secretary of State providing details, we will make sure that he receives a swift response.
South Shore in my constituency is one of the most deprived areas in the country.
It has just been named by the Independent Commission on Neighbourhoods, which outlined 34 mission-critical neighbourhoods, as No.
1 for hyper-local need.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss how we can improve South Shore in Blackpool?