The consumer protection provisions in the 2024 Act, which I have already mentioned, will ensure that homeowners who pay an estate management charge will have better access to the information that they need to challenge the reasonableness of charges at the first-tier tribunal.
There are other powers as part of those protections and, as I have said, we will consult on them shortly and bring them into force as quickly as possible thereafter.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
My No.
1 priority is to get Britain building again: we will build, baby, build.
That means putting Britain on a path to end the moral stain of homelessness and rough sleeping that doubled under the previous Conservative Government; growing our economy with good, secure jobs and rising incomes  in every region of Britain; and putting the key to home ownership in the hands of more people across our country.
Under the Conservatives, the British dream of home ownership became a nightmare and out of reach, but with this Labour Government, it will become a reality once more.
My constituents in Oldham East and Saddleworth were delighted to learn that Oldham has received a £20 million award from the Pride in Place programme.
Will the Secretary of State expand on the transformational change that the award will mean to places like Oldham, where Government support was decimated under the Conservatives?
In particular, what difference will be made by local people having a say in how the money will be spent?
I thank my hon.
Friend, the Chair of the Work and Pensions Committee, for her work in supporting disadvantaged neighbourhoods in Oldham and her strong support for the Pride in Place programme, which offers a significant amount of long-term flexible funding and support to areas like Oldham.
Best of all, it is local people who will take the decisions about what the investment needs to look like to make a real difference to their high streets, public services and public transport, so that they can take back pride in the place they belong.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Nobody but nobody believes that 1.5 million homes will be built under this Government.
Although the Minister for Local Government and Homelessness,  the hon.
Member for Birkenhead (Alison McGovern) , spent a lot of time at the Dispatch Box, she did not answer the question about whether the Treasury will be asked to scrap stamp duty.
We know that 2.8 million people said that they would consider downsizing if stamp duty were abolished, freeing up family homes of all sizes.
She would not answer, so I ask the Secretary of State directly: will he ask the Treasury to scrap stamp duty—yes or no?
I know that the right hon.
Gentleman was a strong supporter of Liz Truss when she stood for leadership of the Conservative party, but surely he cannot have forgotten what she did: she made multibillion pound unfunded spending commitments that crashed the economy, and sent wages down and prices, mortgages and rents skyrocketing.
The last thing this country needs is tens of billions of pounds of more unfunded commitments, crashing the economy again and destroying people’s dreams of home ownership—
Order.
There are lots of Back Benchers who wish to speak and this is topical questions.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I asked for a simple yes or no, but the right hon.
Gentleman struggled to give that.
The truth is that we have outlined exactly where the money could come from and we have made it clear that if those on the Labour Front Bench have the guts to take on their Back Benchers, they will have the support of Conservative Members in making the expenditure cuts that are needed.