Now that this awful day has come to pass, we must learn from it so that we do everything within our power to ensure that it does not happen again.
Our immediate priority was to enhance security.
Visible officer patrols have been stepped up at synagogues and other sites in Manchester and across the country.
Additional support has been made available to more than 500 locations, and although there have been long-standing security arrangements in place, with £18 million of funding each year for the Community Security Trust, it is clear that more must be done.
We will provide our Jewish community with the protection they deserve, because no one should be forced to live a smaller Jewish life in their country because of the events of  2 October .
Our posture at religious sites is one of maximum vigilance.
That applies to the Jewish community, and it also applies to British Muslims.
I know that Members from across the House will have been disturbed by a suspected arson attack that took place at a mosque in Peacehaven, East Sussex, last week.
The Policing Minister visited the mosque and met those who were forced to flee for their lives in terrifying circumstances, and we have discussed this with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Brighton Kemptown and Peacehaven (Chris Ward) , who I know also visited the mosque on Friday.
Let me be clear: violence directed at any community—be they Jewish or Muslim, and of all faiths or none—is an attack on our entire country.
I know this country is united in our condemnation of those who seek to divide us, because one of the greatest achievements of this country has been our tolerance, our ability to accept and embrace difference, and our generosity towards those who may not look the same but are encompassed comfortably within a single national identity.
It was for that reason that I was so affronted by the protests that took place in the days after the attack.
These were a clear source of fear to the Jewish community, who were grieving just days after an unspeakable tragedy.
The same was true on the anniversary of the  7 October  attacks.
I described those protests as “un-British” and I stand by that, because those protesters showed none of the generosity of spirit that I love about this country, and they most certainly did their cause no good whatsoever.
The right to protest is a fundamental freedom, but it must be balanced against the right the public have to their safety and security.
In my conversations with community leaders and the police in recent days, it is clear that balance has not been struck.
For that reason,  I can confirm to the House today that we will amend sections 12 and 14 of the Public Order Act 1986.
The police will be able to take account of the cumulative impact of frequent protests when considering whether to impose conditions.
This will mean that protests that follow the same routes time and again can be forced to change their route or the time of a protest.
I am also reviewing all existing legislation to ensure our public order powers are fit for purpose and are being consistently applied.
The right to protest must and will be protected, but of all the freedoms we enjoy none is more precious than the right to live in safety.
The Government’s first responsibility is to keep the public safe.
Since 2017, the Security Service and the police have disrupted more than 40 plots, and this work has saved countless lives.
Through our counter-terrorism strategy Contest, we continue to tackle threats to this country, including those posed by Islamist terrorism, which remains our primary domestic threat.
Through programmes such as Prevent, we seek to stop the slide into extremism that is drawing in far too many young people today.