Do not give us food security.
Do not work every hour God sends, whatever the weather—we do not care.
The Leader of the House has been very clear that it is her policy not to answer Opposition questions, or even to answer questions about her policy of not answering questions.
She ignored my questions yet again last week, but perhaps she can have a go at these questions now.
Why have the Government taken such a punitive  approach to the countryside?
Are they doing so deliberately, or is it just by accident?
Finally, will she come to visit some farmers in Herefordshire with me so that she can see the actual effect of these policies for herself?
We will throw in some magnificent Shepherds or Rowlestone ice cream, as well, if that will make any difference.
I start by congratulating young carers across the country on their day of action yesterday.
I know the whole House will be as hopeful as everybody else in the country about Ukraine, as talks continue this week and over the weekend.
I am sure we all welcome the resumption of military aid and intelligence sharing between the US and Ukraine.
This really is an important moment for peace in the region and the ball is now firmly in Russia’s court.
The shadow Leader of the House spent most of his speech last week and this week giving a long lecture about why I do not answer his questions while actually failing to ask me very many at all.
We had a couple of small questions today at the end of another diatribe that, as ever, took us through various myths and misinformation.
He will know that this Government had to take some very difficult decisions to deal with an economy that no Government would want to deal with: high and rising debt; stagnant growth; low productivity; low wages; and public services on their knees.
That is why we have had to take some difficult decisions to fix those foundations, but, most importantly, to get that investment back into our public services, as we desire to do.
The shadow Leader of the House again raised the point about national insurance, but I must point out to the House that he was a Treasury Minister when his Government raised national insurance not only on businesses, but on working people as well.
I am sorry to tell him that this Government absolutely back British farmers.
We are doing what we can to support them: we have increased the farming budget to £5 billion over two years, which is far more than the Conservative Government ever did; we have set out a new deal for farmers; and we are investing in our flood defences.
We also have a plan for sustainable food, and he knows better than anybody that the sustainable farming incentive had a capped budget, which his Government did not announce.
They failed to spend any of it, and, given the action that we have taken, it has been oversubscribed in the meantime.
That is why we have closed that fund, but we are setting out a new fund after the spring statement next week.
I might give the shadow Leader of the House an alternative point of view on recent history.
Order Paper aficionados will have noticed that Tuesday marked our 100th sitting day of this parliamentary Session —[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”]
That is 100 days of boosting our public services, investing in jobs and growth, and reforming the state in favour of people and against vested interest.
That is also 100 days of change and 100 days of putting the Government back in the service of working people.
We have had the most ambitious King’s Speech programme of any incoming Government.