Friend recognise the importance of creative writing in breaking down barriers and challenging division?
Absolutely, I join my hon.
Friend in congratulating Danielle on writing an award-winning poem and all the young carers in his constituency and beyond.
I heard on the radio this morning that AI thinks it can now do creative writing for all of us, but I am sure it cannot beat Danielle and the creative writing endeavours of young people.
Earlier this week, I had a meeting with the UK Chamber of Shipping.
Coincidentally, it was the day of the incident in the North sea, so obviously we discussed that, but the main point of the meeting was to discuss the impact of shipping on the UK economy and my constituency in particular.
May we have a debate in Government time on the importance of the shipping sector to the UK economy?
The hon.
Gentleman’s constituents and others will have been affected by the events in the North sea this week.
As a great island nation, shipping is vital to the economy of this country, to our trade and to our standing.
I am sure that Ministers would be happy to update the House regularly on these matters.
I have been working for several months to help a number of my constituents get the wheelchairs they need to have good-quality, independent lives.
While I understand that it is the role of integrated care boards to deliver equality of service, the problem is much more widespread.
The Wheelchair Alliance recommends that NHS England plays a more active role in ensuring that ICBs prioritise wheelchair services and dedicate sufficient resources to them.
Will the Minister allow time to debate the many challenges people experience regarding wheelchair provision?
I am sure we can all recognise the frustrations that many people have with wheelchair provision.
My hon.
Friend is right: there is still far too much variation, including regional variation, in the quality and provision of NHS wheelchairs.
A new wheelchair quality framework is soon to be published by NHS England, and I will ensure that she and the rest of the House are updated on that.
My constituent Jennifer, an American citizen, came here in 2018 on a spousal visa, which was renewed in 2022.
She applied for indefinite leave to remain in May last year.
The Government website says:
“you’ll usually be told whether your application has been successful within 6 months.”
It has been 10 months.
Jennifer’s now expired visa has given her employer concerns about her right to work, and that financial uncertainty is exacerbated by the fact that she cannot be added to the couple’s mortgage, which affects the works they need to do on their home.
Jennifer has tried and I have tried, so I wonder whether the Leader of the House could try to raise this case with her colleagues in the Home Office to see what has happened, get it sorted and reduce the stress that this delay is causing Jennifer and her family.
I am sorry to hear of the frustrating experience that the hon.
Lady and Jennifer have had.
The hon.
Lady will know that there has been a backlog in these cases.
We have put in place extra caseworkers and are dealing with the backlog as quickly as we can.
As ever, I would be happy to raise this case and see whether I can expedite an answer.
In my 2025 Cramlington and Killingworth priorities survey, residents consistently raised antisocial behaviour and off-road bikes.
The measures in the Crime and Policing Bill will send a strong message that this behaviour will no longer be tolerated, but can we have a debate on the action this Government are taking to tackle the issue and ensure that the police have the powers and resources they need to remove these menacing bikes from our streets?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.