He is right to say that the challenge here is not just the direct trade we have with the US, but the impact of trade diversion.
He knows we already have 16 anti-dumping, anti-subsidy measures in place against 14 separate product categories.
Once the annual tariff-free quota is hit, a 25% tariff applies to those.
I can tell him and the House today, though, that I will support UK Steel’s application to the Trade Remedies Authority for a review of the steel safeguards—we do have to think about what will be coming—and a new one for the aluminium sectors.
I am sure that Ministers will join me in welcoming the £90 million investment by dairy firm Arla in the plant in my constituency, which will create up to 90 jobs.
Does not that reinforce the fact that agriculture remains at the heart of the rural economy in constituencies such as mine?
Should not the Government be supporting that industry, rather than trying to destroy it?
I can assure the House that we do welcome the investment of which the right hon.
Gentleman speaks.
Speaking on behalf of the constituency of East Lothian, I recognise fully the importance of the rural economy and agriculture’s contribution thereto.
That is why we are in regular dialogue with the NFU and other key stakeholders.
Together with the Startup Coalition, I recently held a roundtable with brilliant local start-ups working out of Future Space at the University of the West of England.
Issues that they have been facing for a long time include accessing the same opportunities and support for growth as larger businesses.
Would the Minister please set out what support his Department will be providing so that our very smallest businesses can thrive too?
One of the big issues that small businesses wanting to scale up face is access to finance.
We are actively working across Government on what else we can do to support businesses to get access to the finance they need, including through the British Business Bank.
In my constituency, a planning moratorium has been in place for more than five years due to water pollution, with an estimated effect on the local construction industry of half a billion pounds, despite the fact that new house building is a minute proportion of the problem.
Will the Secretary of State meet me and representatives of the Herefordshire construction industry to try to find a solution to this devastating problem?
The frustration that comes across in the hon.
Lady’s question relates to exactly the sort of problem the Government are fixing.
I would be more than happy to work with her and any Secretary of State or Department necessary to unblock that for her.
Will the Minister outline what steps the Department is taking to help increase trade with the Asia Pacific, and in particular the Philippines, where a major local company in my constituency, Beaver Bridges, is hoping to expand and grow significantly, with the trade support of this Government?
I happen to be meeting the Philippine Government next week, although alas in London, not in Manila.
The Department is working hard to agree a Government-to-Government financing framework partnership.
That is just part of the work we have under way.
If I can be of direct assistance to my hon.
Friend and to her local business, I will of course be happy to speak to her.
The invest in women taskforce aims to drive investment in female-powered businesses at every stage.
That includes putting more money in the hands of female investors, as we know that women back women.
Does the Minister agree that one solution to tackling the gender disparity in investment decision-making roles is to set a minimum level of female representation for all investment committees that receive British Business Bank funding?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.