I am sorry to hear what is happening to the Consett Empire in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
I agree with her that music venues and cultural hubs like that are vital to our high streets, communities and the cultural offer that we all want to see.
The Government are committed to ensuring that we maintain such assets, but I will ensure that she gets an update on this particular issue.
I am concerned that the Department for Work and Pensions has confirmed that there is a backlog of more than 30,000 pension credit claims still to process.
That is in spite of assurances from the Minister in October that 352 extra staff had been deployed at the point of the Chancellor’s announcement to scrap the winter fuel payment.
A further 537 staff followed that announcement, and in January it was announced that another 156 staff would be recruited.
By my calculation, that is 1,045 staff and the backlog still remains.
Will the Leader of the House make Government time for a debate or statement so that we can understand what is going on with the backlog?
I am concerned that pensioners are still waiting for pension credit and winter fuel payments at a time when they desperately need them—the winter is still not over.
The right hon.
Member will know that we saw an 81% increase in claims, and the latest statistics show a 64% increase in successful pension credit applications, which I am sure is something she will welcome.
We have deployed an additional 500 staff to process applications, and there has been a huge increase there, which is to be welcomed.
She will know that for any successful application, the moneys will be backdated to the day the person applied for it, so they will get that, but I will ensure that the House is kept up to date.
May I, too, wish a very happy Holi to all the Hindus celebrating in the UK and across the world tomorrow?
An issue that is personal to me and to many of my constituents is Parkinson’s, and World Parkinson’s Day takes place on  11 April  every year.
I pay tribute to Parkinson’s UK for all it does to support people with Parkinson’s.
Research suggests that personal independence payment assessors do not have sufficient understanding of the fluctuations in symptoms that people with Parkinson’s experience.
Consequently, people with Parkinson’s are denied much-needed support.
In fact, in almost every instance in which Parkinson’s UK’s expert social security advisers have assisted a member of the Parkinson’s community to challenge an initial PIP decision, it has been overturned in the claimant’s favour.
As such, can we have a debate in Government time on supporting people living with Parkinson’s and other degenerative conditions, and about the social security support available to them?
I join my hon.
Friend in thanking Parkinson’s UK for its work.
He is absolutely right.
I am sure that every single one of us will, as constituency MPs, recognise the challenges for PIP assessors in properly assessing those with fluctuating and chronic illnesses.
It is vital that those assessing access to benefits have the necessary training and understanding of chronic conditions such as Parkinson’s.
I will ensure that Ministers keep him and the House updated on that.
Dundee University in my constituency has one of the world’s leading life sciences departments, but it faces a significant deficit that is being compounded by nearly £3 million of employer national insurance contributions.
May we have a statement from a Treasury Minister as soon as possible, and might a pause be put in place for establishments facing serious financial difficulties that will be seriously compounded by the rise in employer national insurance contributions?
I am sorry to hear about the difficulties faced by the university in the hon.
Member’s constituency.