What steps his Department is taking to support trade union recognition in the workplace.
The Government are committed to simplifying the process and law around trade union recognition so that working people have a more meaningful right to organise through trade unions—of course, I refer to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests in this respect.
Through the Employment Rights Bill, we are reforming the process for statutory recognition applications; with existing thresholds presenting too high a hurdle in modern workplaces, they are increasingly fragmented.
We are also taking steps to strengthen protections against unfair practices during the recognition process, which we debated at length yesterday.
In January, Bidfood, a food wholesaler and major employer in my constituency, announced overnight that it would derecognise the GMB and Unite the union, removing the ability of thousands of workers across the country to collectively bargain through their trade unions.
The unions fear that Bidfood workers could now be left at risk of fire and rehire before protections in this Government’s Employment Rights Bill come into force.
Does the Minister agree that employers should not be trying to dodge protections under the Government’s plan to make work pay, and will he join me in supporting the GMB and Unite as they seek to protect their workers at Bidfood?
My hon.
Friend will understand that I cannot comment on individual cases, but I am deeply troubled by what he has said.
I can be clear that the Government are determined to reset industrial relations, so that employers and trade unions work together in partnership rather than in conflict, as we have heard.
We encourage all employers to engage with unions in the spirit of co-operation and collaboration.
Working in that way benefits employers and workers alike.
As he knows, the Employment Rights Bill will end the unscrupulous practice of fire and rehire, which has no place in a modern economy and workplace, so if any company is thinking of doing that, it should think again.
I very much welcome the Minister’s response.
After I worked in my mum and dad’s shop, I joined the firm Henry Denny and I was required to join the union.
I was not sure about joining, but when I did so I found out that the union backed me as a worker against the employers whenever they were bringing in things that were wrong.
So I encourage everybody who joins a workforce to join a union, because it will protect them whenever they need help.
The hon.
Member could not have put it better.
He has explained the benefits of trade union membership, which is something that Members on the Conservative Benches clearly do not understand.
I call the Father of the House.
What steps he is taking to support the hospitality industry.
What steps he is taking to support the hospitality industry.
We are creating a fairer business rates system, reducing alcohol duty on qualifying draught products, and our forthcoming small business strategy will set out our plan to further support small businesses on the high street and beyond.
In addition, through the Hospitality Sector Council, we are addressing, with business, strategic issues related to high street regeneration, skills, sustainability and productivity, and we have recently saved the pint.
Obviously the Minister is working very hard, but he looks a bit tired, so may I offer him some Lincolnshire hospitality?
Will he come and stay for a glorious weekend in one of our farm cottages, to enjoy our great skies and bracing air, and help our distressed farmers?
Frankly, they need the income.
The problem is that the Government have abolished the furnished holiday letting scheme, which was a tremendous encouragement for the countryside.
I do not expect an answer now, but will he consider approaching his right hon.
Friend the Chancellor to see if we can reinstate that in the Budget, to help our farmers and the countryside?