What was the plan to pay for the steel industry?
When the Conservatives commissioned the public sector pay bodies with the remit that they were given, got the findings back, hid them and did not tell the British people during the general election campaign, what was the plan?
How would they have reconciled that?
The small business leaders, and businesses of every size, in the hon.
Lady’s constituency know how to make difficult decisions.
What—
Order.
Look, this is getting ridiculous.
We are on topicals, and that is the worst example I have seen of an answer to a topical.
The south-west has a huge number of innovative start-up and scale-up businesses, but we attract only about 3% of private equity and venture capital funding per year.
What is the Department doing to ensure that foreign direct investors are aware of, and have access to, the fantastic business infrastructure opportunities that we have in Exeter and across the south-west?
I saw many incredible businesses when I went to the Exeter business park last year.
When I was in Saudi Arabia in January, I was with a range of businesses that were promoting investment, including many from the south-west.
There is more that we can do, but there are some brilliant people there who are doing brilliant things.
I think we can go further, and I am certainly very happy to work with my hon.
Friend on that.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
How have we got to this point?
After 35 weeks as Trade Secretary, 18 weeks since the US election, and an entire month since steel and aluminium tariffs were first announced, the Secretary of State is only now going to sit down with the Secretary of Commerce of our closest ally.
While he has been correcting his CV, steelworkers and businesses are hurting today.
This is a colossal failure of trade policy on his watch.
Why has it taken so long, and when can we expect an agreement?
The hon.
Gentleman may have not seen the news recently, but the UK, led by our Prime Minister, has had the best engagement of any country with the new US Administration.
Is it not good to see again a British Prime Minister who is respected on the world stage and delivering for Britain?
We have had tremendous engagement with the new US Administration, and I am looking forward to meeting them in person next week.
Once again, no answers come there forth.
Over 1 million jobs in this country depend on trade with the United States, including thousands of jobs in our steel industry.
The Secretary of State does not know when he is going to get a deal.
Will he publish his red lines for that deal, his objectives and what he hopes to achieve from meetings next week?
On steel and aluminium tariffs, the US Administration’s position is that there are no exemptions for anybody—that is across the board.
I think they recognise the very strong case that we have, but that is their position.
No, I will not publish my negotiating red lines before a negotiation.
Frankly, that is the worst advice I have ever heard in the House of Commons.
The Conservative party fell out with the EU, would not deal with China and could not do a deal with India.
It fell out with the United Arab Emirates and could not do a deal with the Gulf.
It got nothing out of the US.
It did deals with Australia and New Zealand, then disowned them.
We will take no lessons from the Conservatives.
Social enterprises contribute 3.4% of GDP, and towns such as Leigh and Atherton benefit greatly from them.
Will the Minister outline what the Department is doing to support social enterprise and co-operatives so they can contribute to the growth agenda in the UK?
My hon.
Friend is a great champion of the social enterprise sector.