I am a long-standing supporter  of the first 1,001 days campaign and the importance that that brings.
That is why we are so focused on the early years and some of the issues that my hon.
Friend raises and I think that would make an excellent topic for a Westminster Hall debate.
As a believer in parliamentary democracy, I fully support the Government’s right not to exploit shale gas deposits in the UK on environmental grounds.
However, may we have an urgent statement from the appropriate net zero Minister on the Government’s decision from next week to start filling in and putting permanently beyond use the two existing shale gas facilities in this country, rather than keeping them in reserve for an emergency should a future Government ever need to exploit them?
May I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for agreeing with the Government that we should not exploit fracking?
That was in our manifesto and we are committed to not doing fracking.
I will ensure that Ministers update him on those matters, as they have been doing, coming regularly to the House.
We have had a number of statements from Ministers from the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero, who are keen to update the House as and when.
However, I will ensure the right hon.
Gentleman is updated on that particular issue.
The prolonged time that the Disclosure and Barring Service takes to check the many applicants for work in vital public services in education, health and social care is impacting tens of thousands of people across the UK.
Indeed, many applicants have had offers of work retracted due to the significant delays they have experienced.
Will the Leader of the House allow a debate in Government time to address that critical issue?
DBS checks are an important part of many public service jobs, and it is disappointing to hear of the delays that my hon.
Friend’s constituents have faced.
In fact, those delays have been raised with me previously.
Ministers are keen to hold the DBS to account where standards are not being met, so I will raise the matter with Ministers.
My hon.
Friend should be aware that, in some circumstances, his constituents can request a hardship escalation where the delay is affecting job applications.
May we have an early debate in Government time on the ending of the radio teleswitch, upon which many people who rely on electric heating and storage heating depend?
It was last debated in an Adjournment debate on  4 December .
That spawned a ministerial roundtable on  5 February , which promised further updates, but none have been forthcoming.
With just over 100 days to go, it would be good to know that there is a sense of urgency in Government.
I strongly hear what the right hon.
Member says about the impending deadline, and I am sorry if this House has not been kept as up to date as it should have been.
I will make inquiries and ensure that he and the rest of the House are kept updated.
In recent weeks, many of my constituents have shared their concern about the Consett Empire reducing its opening hours.
The Empire is a real cultural centre of the community that makes arts accessible to local people and provides a hub to help combat loneliness.
I continue to speak with officers, staff and trade unions about the Empire, but can we have a debate in Government time on what we can do to ensure that venues like the Consett Empire stay open and thrive?
I am sorry to hear what is happening to the Consett Empire in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
I agree with her that music venues and cultural hubs like that are vital to our high streets, communities and the cultural offer that we all want to see.