As Members of Parliament, we have many issues that demand our attention, but few that can be more important than ensuring children are well fed with healthy, nutritious food.
I am sure that Members across the House wish that all families are able to provide that every day for their children, but we must face the tragic reality that many  children go hungry.
In government, the Liberal Democrats were proud to introduce universal free school meals for infants.
We ensured that every child could access a healthy lunch each day, because when children go hungry, they make less progress and have poorer behaviour and health outcomes.
A free school lunch may be the only healthy cooked food that some children get, or even their only meal of the day.
That is shameful in a country such as England.
That is why we have tabled amendments to the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill that would increase the after- tax threshold for free school meals to £20,000 a year, expanding eligibility for free school meals to a further 900,000 children.
We are also committed to introducing auto-enrolment for those who are eligible for free school meals, ensuring that children are automatically considered eligible when their parents apply for relevant benefits or financial support.
Does the Leader of the House agree that no child should go hungry in 2025, and will she ask the Government to embrace cross-party working to support the Liberal Democrats’ long-standing calls for free school meals when the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill returns to Parliament next week?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising such an important issue, which is of great concern to her and many others in the House.
I am sure that in the coming days, not just with tomorrow’s private Member’s Bill but with the two days of debate on the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill, we will have plenty of time to debate these sorts of issues in the House.
Free school meal eligibility should be looked at in the round.
That is why this Government are developing a child poverty strategy, which includes free school meals.
In the meantime, the hon.
Lady will be aware that we are rolling out free breakfast clubs in schools, because she is right that having a meal inside a child can stop them feeling hungry, but it can also help them to learn, concentrate and do better at school.
That is why we are committed to those free breakfast clubs, and to our child poverty taskforce, which will also look at free school meals.
This Sunday marks Disabled Access Day and the importance of accessibility and inclusiveness for all.
Sadly, disabled people in Luton South and South Bedfordshire cannot access Luton station because of the delays and failures of Network Rail in progressing the Access for All programme and installing lifts at Luton station.
Will the Leader of the House grant a debate in Government time on how our plan for Great British Railways will improve infrastructure and ensure reliable, affordable and, importantly, accessible train services for everybody?
I am sorry to hear of the frustrations and problems that my hon.
Friend’s constituents have had with station accessibility, which gets raised with me in business questions regularly.
The Government are committed to improving it.
They are difficult challenges, and the Rail Minister is actively considering the best approach to the Access for All programme, but I will ensure that he has heard her question and that she gets a full reply.
I call the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee.
In addition to the business that the Leader of the House has announced, if we are given  Thursday 3 April  in the Chamber, there will be a debate on the impact of digital platforms on UK democracy, followed by a debate on access to sport and physical education in schools.