Will the Minister outline what the Department is doing to support social enterprise and co-operatives so they can contribute to the growth agenda in the UK?
My hon.
Friend is a great champion of the social enterprise sector.
She will know that we are committed to doubling the size of the co-op and mutuals sector.
We recently met the recently launched mutuals and co-op business council to begin working with businesses on our plans to expand the co-op and mutuals sector.
She may also be aware that our social enterprise boost fund is currently spending some £4 million on helping to support social enterprises that are already up and running.
I call the Liberal Democrats spokesperson.
If the Government have to push forward with retaliatory measures against the United States for its steel tariffs, they must strike at the political allies of the President to meaningfully move on the conversation.
Can the Secretary of State confirm whether Elon Musk’s Tesla is being considered as a potential target for retaliatory measures?
We reserve the right to take any action in response to any changes to our trading relationships, but I do think we can look to the opportunity for the UK, which is greater than for any other country, to get to an agreement that improves our terms of trade with the US.
I reserve the right to take any action, but I think we can look forward in a positive way to improving that trading relationship, and that right now is my message and focus.
I call Chris Bloore.
rose—
rose—
I call Chris Bloore. [
Laughter.]
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Fly by Nite haulage, based in Redditch, is trusted to deliver by the biggest names in music, TV and theatre.
However, post-Brexit rules on visa and work permits are damaging the creative industries’ opportunities on the continent.
Would the Minister agree to meet me to discuss how we can break the logjam and support British success stories such as Fly by Nite?
It was Chris Bloore’s turn.
I am following the Order Paper, but I am going from side to side.
Chris Law will come afterwards; he was not next.
There are many Members called Chris.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
As he will know, the creative industries are part of our industrial strategy.
We are hugely proud of their soft power and economic impact, and of course we will get him the meeting he requests.
I draw the House’s attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Some 66% of hospitality firms say they will have to cut staff or staff hours, 75% say they will cut investment, and 97% say they will increase prices because of the Chancellor’s manifesto-breaking national insurance increases.
What assessment has the Minister made of the number of workers being dragged into national insurance contributions for the first time, and if the Government must continue with this disastrous policy, will they at least delay it for 12 months to bring it into line with the introduction of business rates reforms?
We have had one or two questions on this topic, and the hon.
Member will therefore not be surprised by my answer.
I gently point out that the difficult decisions we took on employer’s national insurance contributions in the Budget were a direct result of the mess the Conservative party, which he supported so enthusiastically, left for this Government.
The big six supermarkets are acting like a cartel, forcing unfair prices on farmers and pursuing unscrupulous practices such as farm washing.
Does the Minister agree with me that we should look again at the Groceries Code Adjudicator and consider whether it is fit for purpose?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question.
The Groceries Code Adjudicator’s annual survey shows high levels of compliance by the supermarkets.