The problem is that the Government have abolished the furnished holiday letting scheme, which was a tremendous encouragement for the countryside.
I do not expect an answer now, but will he consider approaching his right hon.
Friend the Chancellor to see if we can reinstate that in the Budget, to help our farmers and the countryside?
Unusually for the Conservative party, the right hon.
Gentleman has made an extremely generous offer.
I am almost as tempted by that as by the offer from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Doncaster Central (Sally Jameson)  to visit Doncaster.
I am happy to look at the issue he raises and I will write to him with more details.
The Crusty Cob bakery has been a constant in east Devon for the past 55 years, but last week the family-run business closed the doors on all nine of its shops, making over 100 local people redundant.
The owners stated a panoply of issues, from manufacturing costs to reduced high street footfall and energy prices, but the kicker is the decision that this Business Secretary’s party has made to slam companies with increases to the national living wage and employer national insurance contributions.
The effects of this Labour Government’s decisions are setting in and literally destroying working family businesses.
Will the Business Secretary and the Minister please give a message to the Crusty Cob team who have just lost their jobs?
I understand that this will be an extremely worrying time for employees of the Crusty Cob and their families.
I gently say to the hon.
Gentleman that we are offering a 40% discount to retail, hospitality and leisure properties as part of our business rates package.
We are going to reform business rates more substantially, with a permanently lower multiplier in 2026 that, while it clearly will not help the Crusty Cob and its employees, will help other businesses on the high street.
I am slightly surprised that the hon.
Gentleman should be so opposed to an increase in the living wage—I do not know whether that is his party’s policy.
I also gently remind him of the data from the Office for National   Statistics, which my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State pointed out, showing more people in jobs this year compared with last year.
What steps he is taking to ensure that compensation is paid to people impacted by the Post Office Horizon scandal in a timely manner.
In the past eight months we have trebled the total amount of compensation paid and ensured that more than 2,300 victims who had as yet received nothing have now had some financial redress.
We are making up-front, fixed-sum offers and interim payments where possible to speed up the delivery of redress.
There is still a lot more to do, though, and we remain committed to ensuring swift and fair redress for every postmaster affected by the Horizon scandal.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
He and I will agree that the Post Office Horizon scandal is one of the greatest miscarriages of justice in modern times, but the problems with the Post Office and its injustice extend far beyond that.
Some 21 cases relating to the precursor system, Capture, which bear the same hallmarks as those in the Horizon scandal, have been referred to the Criminal Cases Review Commission.
I am afraid that the CCRC is famous for taking years to come to obvious decisions, so can the Minister tell me that it will deal with this in months?
If not, will his Department intervene directly?
The right hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to raise the issue of Capture.
As he will know, we have published our response to the independent Kroll report on the Capture software issue and the way in which the Post Office responded to the data that came out of it.