I am always happy to work with the Scottish Government and other devolved Governments on how we can improve the business environment.
I am sure the right hon.
Member will join me in encouraging the Government in Scotland to mirror the changes we have made to business rates relief.
Given the sizeable increase in the Scottish budget, it is somewhat surprising that the SNP has not been willing to support the retail sector through an extension of retail hospitality relief.
What steps he is taking to help increase levels of international investment in Scotland.
The Government are committed to supporting investment in Scotland in line with our growth mission.
The Prime Minister recently announced that the National Wealth Fund will provide £200 million of investment in new opportunities in Grangemouth in particular.
That announcement came alongside the recently announced £55 million grant for the Port of Cromarty Firth, the two investment zones receiving £80 million over the next five years and our expanded Office for Investment.
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for that answer.
The National Wealth Fund has recently invested £43.5 million in Pulpex Ltd to construct a sustainable packaging facility near Glasgow, which is a welcome move and will support jobs and growth.
What further measures are planned to attract similar green industry investments in communities such as my own in North Lanarkshire, which has Scotland’s fastest-growing economy?
My hon.
Friend is a tireless advocate for the communities of Coatbridge and Bellshill.
I can assure him that the National Wealth Fund’s strategic partnerships trial will see each local authority within the Glasgow city region, including North Lanarkshire, being invited to submit project proposals, including for projects focused on, I hesitate to say, green jobs in Coatbridge.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
My Department works night and day to deliver our plan for change by making Britain the best place to invest, work and do business.
This Government  have provided political stability and openness to the world, and we are continually improving the business environment.
Since the last Business and Trade questions, we have published a new steer for the Competition and Markets Authority so that it has growth and investment in mind, and more pro-business regulatory reforms will follow.
In Delhi last month, I relaunched our trade negotiations with India, and I have just returned from Tokyo, where the Foreign Secretary and I announced a first-of-its-kind industrial strategy partnership with Japan.
We are also ensuring that our “make work pay” reforms deliver for businesses and workers.
Finally, we have engaged closely with the new US Administration, including Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick and the new US trade representative, Jamieson Greer.
The new US trade policy is challenging, but we believe that our decision to engage and seek potential agreement on a new economic deal between the UK and the US offers us an opportunity to ensure that the UK is the best-connected market in the world.
Businesses across Beaconsfield, Marlow and the south Bucks villages are facing crippling costs from the Government’s national insurance tax raid and the Employment Rights Bill.
Can the Secretary of State reassure or advise my businesses?
Should they stop hiring, cut staff, increase prices, or all of the above?
I would say that businesses in the hon.
Lady’s constituency should contact their local Conservative MP and say, “What was your plan?”
because I think we have had three oral question sessions where this has broadly been the only thing that the Conservatives have to say.
I genuinely want to know: what was the plan to pay for Post Office compensation?
What was the plan to pay for the steel industry?
When the Conservatives commissioned the public sector pay bodies with the remit that they were given, got the findings back, hid them and did not tell the British people during the general election campaign, what was the plan?
How would they have reconciled that?