The Minister with responsibility for emissions trading, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Croydon West (Sarah Jones) , is in charge of that matter, and it is one of the discussions we are having as part of the EU reset.
What steps he is taking to support high street businesses.
What steps he is taking to support high street businesses.
Working across Government, we are determined to revitalise our high streets and support the businesses on them.
We are working with industry to create a fairer business rates system that protects the high street and supports investment.
We have introduced the Crime and Policing Bill, which will give better protection for businesses and retail workers against assault and theft.
Our forthcoming small business strategy will set out our plan for further support for small businesses on the high street and beyond.
From 5 am to 10 pm daily, the Patels’ newsagent, off licence and post office was an Acton staple—until Horizon slapped it with a £123,000 demand, and Mrs Patel had a series of mini-strokes.
Will Ministers look into the fact that their compensation was rejected because Mr Patel was the postmaster, and show their love for high-street heroes everywhere by attending a tea organised by the all-party parliamentary group for ethnic minority business owners on  3 April ?
You are welcome too, Mr Speaker.
I am grateful for my hon.
Friend for raising the case of the Patels.
I am keen that any sub-postmaster who was a victim of the Horizon scandal gets access to the compensation they rightly deserve as quickly as possible.
She will understand that I cannot comment on individual cases, but if she wants to write to me about the specific case, I would be happy to look into it further and to discuss it with her.
There are over 70 pubs across Bromsgrove and the villages.
One of them—the Queens Head—faces a staggering £42,000 annual increase in the cost of business rates and national insurance contributions as a result of choices made by this Government.
That is on top of increasing concerns around a banter ban.
Will the Minister confirm that nobody will be ejected from a pub or hospitality venue for sharing a joke, and will he outline what steps he is taking to support pubs, rather than putting them out of business?
I note in passing that 10,000 pubs closed their doors under the Conservative Government, so I do not think the pub industry is looking to the hon.
Gentleman’s party for guidance going forward.
On the specifics he asked about, he will be aware of our plan for business rates reform, which will help and make a significant difference to many pubs.
On the so-called “banter ban”, I gently suggest that he should not believe everything that he reads in the newspapers.
Pubs and restaurants are part of a thriving high street in Doncaster that is known for its iconic nightlife.
Will the Minister set out what action the Department is taking to support hospitality and ensure that high streets continue to thrive, and may I invite him to Doncaster to see how nightlife is done properly?
I will give careful consideration to my hon.
Friend’s very generous offer.
In answer to  the hon.
Member for Bromsgrove (Bradley Thomas)  I mentioned business rates reform, which could make a significant difference for many businesses in the night-time economy.
Another crucial issue that we want to tackle is the rising crime and antisocial behaviour on our high streets.
As she will know, the Crime and Policing Bill, which is beginning its journey through Parliament, will make a significant difference in that regard.
The high street trader John Lewis Partnership is announcing its annual results today.
It is a highly successful business but this year it will not be paying a dividend to its partners, the workforce, because it has to absorb national insurance costs.