The right hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to raise the issue of Capture.
As he will know, we have published our response to the independent Kroll report on the Capture software issue and the way in which the Post Office responded to the data that came out of it.
We have been meeting sub-postmasters who used the Capture system and who were the victims in that regard to talk through a redress scheme with them.
We are also working closely with the Criminal Cases Review Commission and have made it clear to the Post Office that it must co-operate with requests from the CCRC so that we can speed up its deliberations on the 21 cases.
I recently met a constituent who is a former postmaster affected by the Horizon scandal.
He has applied for compensation but feels that the process is taking too long, with unreasonable asks.
Given the legal ruling that postmasters should be afforded the benefit of the doubt, what steps is the Department taking to ensure that compensation claims are processed fairly and without delays that could further affect the victims?
As my hon.
Friend will know, we inherited a compensation process that was perceived by many sub-postmasters as being slow, legalistic and adversarial, so we have already taken a series of steps to try to speed things up, particularly in trying to get out more fixed-sum payments—for example, we are moving in more staff to support work on the compensation process.
If she would like me to look in more detail at her constituency case, I am very happy to do so.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Business Secretary met recently in Japan with Fujitsu, which developed the Horizon system and has offered to contribute to the compensation for victims.
Can the Minister tell the House how much the Secretary of State has asked it to contribute, so that taxpayers are not on the hook for £1 billion?
The hon.
Lady is right to reference the discussions that my right hon.
Friend had with the chief executive officer of Fujitsu.
That company has agreed to begin talks about its contribution to the costs of compensation.
She will understand that we also need to wait for Sir Wyn Williams’ inquiry to conclude, and for his recommendations regarding compensation from Fujitsu to be heard and understood.
I am sure she will also understand that I am not going to give a running commentary on the discussions with Fujitsu, but I welcome the fact that it has agreed to begin talks.
What steps his Department is taking to support small businesses.
What steps his Department is taking to support small businesses.
Small businesses need a better deal—certainly better than the one they got from the last Government—and our small business strategy, which is due this year, is designed to do that.
We have already provided more support through the British Business Bank; we have worked with the Federation of Small Businesses to take action on issues such as late payment and retail crime; and we have announced the creation of the new business growth service, which aims to transform business support services.
Later today I will attend a small business summit in Sussex to progress those plans and meet small business leaders.
Too many small and medium-sized defence businesses in my community struggle to access the banking and finance facilities they need, often on the basis of self-imposed ethical criteria.
Will the Business Secretary join me in welcoming how many investors and financial institutions have responded to the campaign I am leading with my hon.
Friend  the Member for York Outer (Mr Charters)  and 100 other Labour parliamentarians, calling on our banks and fund managers to broaden their approach to defence investment?
Will he call on investors to take action so that we can defend our country, support Ukraine, and fire up our industrial base?
I agree 100% with my hon.