That is 100 days of boosting our public services, investing in jobs and growth, and reforming the state in favour of people and against vested interest.
That is also 100 days of change and 100 days of putting the Government back in the service of working people.
We have had the most ambitious King’s Speech programme of any incoming Government.
Ten Bills have now received Royal Assent, including: the Passenger Railway Services (Public Ownership) Act 2024, ending the scandal of free cash going to failed rail companies;  and the Water (Special Measures) Act 2025, ending bonuses for water bosses polluting our waterways.
Very soon, we will have Martyn’s law, keeping the promise that we made to Figen Murray.
And there is more on the way: strengthening renters’ rights; switching on Great British Energy; introducing new powers to tackle phone thefts; seizing off-road bikes; creating respect orders; banning knife sales; and introducing stronger protections against stalking and spiking.
We are unblocking house building and energy infrastructure, which, for too long, has stalled.
Yesterday, we completed our Commons stages of the Employment Rights Bill, giving people dignity and security in work.
And that is just a few of the things that we have done.
Beyond that, we are fixing the big problems that the country faces: with waiting lists finally coming down; more GP appointments; breakfast clubs in school; a 25% increase in returns of people with no right to be here; more affordable housing and restricting the right to buy; finally getting rid of hereditary peers and cracking down on MPs’ second jobs; and the biggest devolution of powers in a generation.
And that is just a snapshot of those 100 days.
Mr Speaker, you will be pleased to know that, in that time, we have made 115 statements to this place, because, like you, I respect the House of Commons and I respect that we make announcements here first.
But what a contrast to the previous Conservative Government.
They had to be dragged here to make statements.
Their last King’s Speech was threadbare.
The pinnacle of their ambition was to ban pedicabs in London, and they are not doing much better now, are they Mr Speaker?
Hardly any of them turn up to debates.
They are barely here for PMQs, although I do not blame them for that.
They were a zombie Government, and is not the truth that they are a zombie Opposition now?
I recently met my constituent, Becky, who is profoundly disabled after her mother was given Primodos, a hormone-based pregnancy test that was popular in the ’60s and ’70s and taken by roughly 1.5 million pregnant women.
It was directly linked to miscarriages and severe birth defects in a study commissioned by the University of Oxford in 2018.
Will my right hon.
Friend make time for a full debate on this scandal, or join me in calling for a full public inquiry?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this issue.
I am hugely sympathetic to families who have suffered from hormone pregnancy tests.
She will be aware that Baroness Cumberlege’s independent review highlighted the healthcare system’s failure to listen to patients’ concerns around those tests.
She will also be aware that the causal links have been reviewed many times, but I will ensure that Ministers get back to her with a full update.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
As Members of Parliament, we have many issues that demand our attention, but few that can be more important than ensuring children are well fed with healthy, nutritious food.
I am sure that Members across the House wish that all families are able to provide that every day for their children, but we must face the tragic reality that many  children go hungry.
In government, the Liberal Democrats were proud to introduce universal free school meals for infants.