Does the Minister agree that one solution to tackling the gender disparity in investment decision-making roles is to set a minimum level of female representation for all investment committees that receive British Business Bank funding?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
There is a strong correlation between the proportion of women on an investment committee and the proportion of female founders receiving investment.
My Department leads on the investing in women code, whose 270 signatories commit to supporting female entrepreneurship.
One of the key metrics we check is the gender balance on investment committees and investment teams.
I am pleased to say that the code signatories significantly outperform the wider market in their support for female founders.
Investment funds backed by the British Business Bank are expected to sign up to the code and the bank itself is a signatory.
Over 100 jobs have been lost in Falkirk since September due the previous Government’s failure to keep their commitments to the bus manufacturing sector.
We need a plan for bus manufacturing.
Has the Minister engaged with the Department for Transport, the bus manufacturing industry or regional mayors, prior to launching the UK bus manufacturing expert panel?
My hon.
Friend asks a very good question.
I am very pleased that the Department for Transport today launched the new UK bus manufacturing expert panel.
We need to support our bus manufacturing, both for the transition to net zero and for building our businesses in the UK.
I am very happy to work with him on that.
Will the Leader of the House give us the forthcoming business?
I shall.
Monday 17 March —Remaining stages of the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill (day one).
Tuesday 18 March —Remaining stages of the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill (day two).
Wednesday 19 March —Consideration of Lords amendments to the National Insurance Contributions (Secondary Class 1 Contributions) Bill, followed by Opposition day (first allotted day, second part).
Debate on a motion in the name of the official Opposition.
Subject to be announced.
Thursday 20 March —General debate on knife crime among children and young people, followed by a general debate on coastal communities.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 21 March —The House will not be sitting.
The provisional business for the week commencing  24 March  will include:
Monday 24 March —Second Reading of the Planning and Infrastructure Bill.
Tuesday 25 March —If necessary, consideration of Lords amendments, followed by consideration of Lords amendments to the Great British Energy Bill, followed by consideration of Lords amendments to the Terrorism (Protection of Premises) Bill, followed by a motion to approve the draft National Minimum Wage (Amendment) Regulations 2025.
Wednesday 26 March —My right hon.
Friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer will make her spring statement, followed by remaining stages of the Tobacco and Vapes Bill.
Thursday 27 March —General debate on St Patrick’s Day and Northern Irish affairs, followed by general debate on the 10th anniversary of the Modern Slavery Act 2015.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 28 March —Private Members’ Bills.
I am sure the whole House will want to join me in recognising and thanking the salvage and nature recovery specialists who are even now scrambling to clear up after the disastrous collision in the North sea.
They say a conservative is a socialist who has been mugged by reality.
If that is so, we are witnessing the extraordinary sight of a Prime Minister who is being visibly mugged by reality in slow motion before our very eyes.
The Government’s brand of socialism started well from their point of view, if disastrously for the country: we had the union pay-offs, the rapid settlement of pay disputes in the public sector—for zero apparent efficiency benefits—and a heavily tax-and-spend Budget.