The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to support businesses in rural areas.
Businesses in rural areas offer significant potential for growth and are central to our economy.
We are working across Government to unlock the full potential of rural businesses as part of the Government’s growth mission.
We are committed to launching a business growth service inspired by the US Small Business Administration, which will operate in partnership with devolved Governments and the growth hub network in England to make it easier to access support from Government for all businesses.
In conversation this morning with Trudy Morris, the CEO of the Caithness chamber of commerce, she outlined the sheer importance of tourism businesses to the local economy and the farmers in Scotland.
The concern expressed to me is on the rate of VAT on tourism and similar businesses, and although we do not know whether the Highland council will impose a tourism levy, that could be a double whammy.
I do not expect for one instant hon.
Members on the Front Bench to say, “Jamie, you can have a cut in the rate of VAT”—well, I dream sometimes—but I would be grateful for a meeting to discuss the nature of the problem and how we could possibly tackle it.
You might get a chocolate biscuit these days.
I apologise to the hon.
Gentleman, as I cannot fulfil his dreams right now.
However, I am happy to meet him to talk about that issue.
I recognise that there is considerable interest in that question from the hospitality industry, so I am happy to meet to hear, in a bit more detail, the particular concerns expressed to him.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Business Secretary, the Minister and the Chancellor have all said that they want growth, including in rural areas.
I have searched high and low for business growth statistics since the Budget of broken promises, and I find that, in the last quarter, there has been a growth of 50% in the number of businesses that are in critical financial distress.
Why does the Minister think that is?
I say gently to the hon.
Lady that the difficult decisions that my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor had to take in the Budget were, interestingly, particularly well explained by her former colleague Kwasi Kwarteng, who made it clear that he thought they had to be taken because of the mistakes that he and the Conservative party had made when they were in government.
What steps he is taking to support manufacturing in the west midlands.
It was a good night for Villa fans last night, so I congratulate anyone in the west midlands who supports the club, as my husband does.
The west midlands, in many ways, leads the country on manufacturing, and it has one of the UK’s largest specialist workforces.
Whether in automotive, aerospace or the rail supply chain, it is an incredibly important area.
We have invested in the west midlands investment zone—Made Smarter, the High Value Manufacturing Catapult; it is all there—but we want to keep breaking down barriers to growth in the area, which is why advanced manufacturing is such a key part of the industrial strategy that we will announce soon.
In Telford and the wider west midlands, we have a strong and proud British manufacturing base, as the Minister has just outlined.
One of the biggest challenges that I hear from businesses is the uneven playing field between us and the rest of the world on pay rates and regulation.
Clearly, no one wants a race to the bottom, so will the Government back British business to ensure that we sell more, make more and do that in the west midlands and in Telford in particular?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right; we do not want a race to the bottom.