May we have a statement from a Treasury Minister as soon as possible, and might a pause be put in place for establishments facing serious financial difficulties that will be seriously compounded by the rise in employer national insurance contributions?
I am sorry to hear about the difficulties faced by the university in the hon.
Member’s constituency.
As he will have heard me say earlier, these are not decisions that any Government want to come in and make, but we have had to deal with the inheritance we found ourselves with and ensure that we get vital investment into our public services, particularly the NHS, which we found completely on its knees with such high waiting lists.
The university, life sciences and research sectors have had very good settlements in Budgets over recent years, and they are expected to fund the national insurance rise from within their own budgets.
I will ensure that he is kept updated.
The Canal & River Trust manages 2,000 miles of waterway, including nearly 500 miles in the north-west.
I recently met the trust and its dedicated volunteers, who highlighted confusion about ownership and funding difficulties.
Will the Leader of the House join me in thanking that organisation, and does she agree that a debate on that important part of our heritage would give it the focus that it deserves?
I absolutely recognise what my hon.
Friend describes.
I recently met the Canal & River Trust.
I am not sure whether there is a canal that connects her constituency to mine, but I could definitely get on a barge and go from my constituency to hers—
And mine.
And to yours, too, Mr Speaker—we are very well connected in our region in that regard.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: canals not only provide the blue space that many of our towns and city centres need, but offer tourist attractions and many other assets.
We should support the work of the Canal & River Trust.
Many valued public servants work at Porton Down in my constituency.
It was home to the Health Protection Agency when I first became an MP, then to Public Health England and then the UK Health Security Agency.
In 2015, the decision was made to establish a new facility in Essex.
I have been applying and will continue to apply for an Adjournment  debate, but we could really do with a statement from a Health Minister on the future of the UK Health Security Agency, which is a vital facility for this country.
My constituents need to know what is happening with it.
I am sorry that the right hon.
Gentleman has not yet been successful in applying for an Adjournment debate, but  the hon.
Member for Harrow East (Bob Blackman) , who chairs the Backbench Business Committee, and Mr Speaker are both in their places and have, I am sure, heard his plea.
The future of the UK Health Security Agency, which does great work, is of national importance.
I will ensure that he gets an update at the earliest opportunity.
I am honoured to be called after  the right hon.
Member for Salisbury (John Glen) .
I thank the Leader of the House for mentioning Young Carers Action Day, which was yesterday.
The hon.
Member for Mid Sussex (Alison Bennett)  and I took an open-top bus tour with some young carers and got hailed on.
Will the Leader of the House join me in congratulating my constituent Danielle, who won a prize in the national Show Racism the Red Card poetry competition for her poem “Like a Butterfly”, and does my right hon.
Friend recognise the importance of creative writing in breaking down barriers and challenging division?
Absolutely, I join my hon.
Friend in congratulating Danielle on writing an award-winning poem and all the young carers in his constituency and beyond.