They say a conservative is a socialist who has been mugged by reality.
If that is so, we are witnessing the extraordinary sight of a Prime Minister who is being visibly mugged by reality in slow motion before our very eyes.
The Government’s brand of socialism started well from their point of view, if disastrously for the country: we had the union pay-offs, the rapid settlement of pay disputes in the public sector—for zero apparent efficiency benefits—and a heavily tax-and-spend Budget.
The Chancellor was even so bold, as Members will  recall, as to announce to the CBI that she would not be raising taxes or increasing debt over the course of the Government.
As she said:
“I’m clear…I’m not coming back with more borrowing or more taxes”.
However, the Budget started to unravel almost as soon as it was published.
We had the bizarre sight of a Government who were ever more committed to talking about growth while clubbing growth to death across a variety of sectors: through the national insurance rise and the £5 billion burden of the Employment Rights Bill, of course, but also through their loss of credibility in the markets, which has pushed up gilt yields by 25% since September.
Great British Energy was announced, and did nothing.
The Government made an unsuccessful attempt to claim credit for the achievements of the newly rebranded National Wealth Fund, which had been set up only weeks before.
The system of infrastructure monitoring and planning has been dismantled, and there has been no news for three months on the decision on small modular reactors, which was due on  1 December  or thereabouts.
Can the Leader of the House update the House on when we can expect that decision?
Then President Trump got elected, despite—or perhaps because of—the special SWAT team of Labour activists sent over to campaign for his rival, and then the mugging by reality really began.
The Energy Secretary was forced to pare back his ruinously expensive zero-carbon energy plans; the Prime Minister had to announce his plan for change; the Government were forced to accelerate their defence spending plans in order to address the situation in Ukraine; and so it continues.
This week, we have heard of the Government’s so-called Operation Chainsaw—or should that be butter knife?—to reshape the civil service.
Next week, we will have hasty and almost certainly ill thought through cuts to welfare.
Labour was red under  the right hon.
Member for Islington North (Jeremy Corbyn) , became a gentle cerise for voters at the general election and, now that reality is setting in, it is a pleasing shade of purple, with more and more patches of blue.
The Prime Minister and the Government are becoming more Conservative by the day.
In sharp contrast, it is the Government’s policy towards rural areas that is most striking.
We have seen the family farm tax and the disproportionate effect on hospices and social care services in rural areas arising from the rise in national insurance.
Now, in the same week, we have seen new compulsory purchase powers to seize farmland and the abrupt and unexpected end of the sustainable farming incentives scheme.
The Government are simultaneously reducing farm incomes, threatening farm holdings and forcing the sale of family farms through their inheritance tax changes.
I am sad to say that even the £35 million allocated by the previous Government to clean up the River Wye—one of the natural glories of this country—has been cut to just £1 million.
The Labour message is clear: do not be a farmer.
Do not feed the country.
Do not give us food security.
Do not work every hour God sends, whatever the weather—we do not care.
The Leader of the House has been very clear that it is her policy not to answer Opposition questions, or even to answer questions about her policy of not answering questions.