Clearly, no one wants a race to the bottom, so will the Government back British business to ensure that we sell more, make more and do that in the west midlands and in Telford in particular?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right; we do not want a race to the bottom.
Advanced manufacturing jobs in the west midlands are well paid for a reason: there is a very highly skilled workforce and we want to protect and grow that.
He is right that there is more that we can do.
Some £2 billion was set aside in the Budget for the automative sector and just shy of £1 billion for aerospace.
That will help; however, we can further reduce the barriers, whether around regulation, planning or trading and export, and we are working as fast as we can to do just that.
In Staffordshire and the west midlands, we are the only part of the country that is a net exporter of manufactured goods.
The threat from Trump on  tariffs could have a significant impact on manufacturers right across Staffordshire and the west midlands.
What action are the Government taking to ensure that we will continue to export our world-leading products?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right that the west midlands is a big exporter to many different countries, including the US and others.
Of course, we will keep talking with the US, as the Secretary of State has been doing, and will ensure that we are standing up for British industry and doing the right thing.
What steps his Department is taking to improve the regulatory environment.
The regulatory environment does not work as well as it should.
Unnecessary red tape is choking competitiveness, creating unnecessary burdens for business and putting up barriers to growth.
That is why we are introducing a Government-wide target to reduce the administrative costs of regulation by 25% by the end of this Parliament.
That will be supported by a baselining exercise to understand the administrative costs of regulation to businesses.
The Prime Minister will set out more details later today.
This is just the beginning; details of our ambitious action plan to reform the regulatory landscape will be set out shortly.
Over eight years and four Prime Ministers, the last Conservative Government commissioned review after review into UK corporate governance and audit reform, and delivered absolutely nothing.
For UK plc to be globally competitive, we need robust corporate governance frameworks which balance the needs of investors and society for information with the administrative burdens on companies.
Will the Minister update the House on what progress his Department is making on bringing forward an audit reform and corporate governance Bill?
As my hon.
Friend is right to recognise, this issue has been around for some time, and the Government have announced their intention to publish a draft audit reform and corporate governance Bill for scrutiny in this Session.
Investors and the public need access to truthful reporting from our most important businesses on their finances and related issues.
My Department continues to progress that important work, and a timetable for the publication of the Bill will be confirmed in the usual way for draft legislation in due course.
Since leaving the European Union, we have been diverging progressively and passively —not making an active decision to diverge because it is good for us, but because we cannot keep up with the number of regulations coming through the European Union.
That has been particularly disadvantageous for energy trading.
What conversations has the Minister had with Government colleagues around aligning with the EU on emissions trading?
That is an important question.
The Minister with responsibility for emissions trading, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Croydon West (Sarah Jones) , is in charge of that matter, and it is one of the discussions we are having as part of the EU reset.
What steps he is taking to support high street businesses.