I thank the Minister for his answer.
My constituent George Stevens runs a microbusiness in Lydd making handcrafted stringed instruments; it has been running for over 30 years and he has many EU customers.
He is deeply worried about Brexit-related red tape, which is holding back his EU exports.
Can the Minister give him an assurance that, as a result of the proposed measures, he will now find it easier to trade with the EU?
Microbusinesses such as that of Mr Stevens are central to the Government’s growth mission.
We are committed to strengthening our relationship with the EU and to tackle trade barriers and frictions, and we regularly engage directly with businesses and their representative organisations to understand the difficulties they face.
Our export support services help small and medium-sized enterprises navigate opportunities in EU markets and get the practical help they need to do so.
For example, the Unlock Europe programme, which was launched in December as part of the export academy, offers practical guidance to help UK businesses enhance their exporting potential to the EU.
Our country’s very high electricity costs are another huge problem facing businesses in my constituency and nationally.
Reintegrating our power markets with Europe’s through the single-day ahead coupling system would cost our country nothing, save costs for businesses, reduce carbon dioxide and make our power markets more efficient.
Will the Minister take fast steps to reintegrate our electricity markets with those of our European neighbours?
I thank the hon.
Member for his tangential question relating to GPSR.
He makes an important point about energy costs, and we are working closely with the EU on how to build on that, and of course the industrial strategy will also be looking very closely at how energy costs can be brought down for businesses.
If he will take steps to reduce employment regulation for businesses.
The plan to make work pay is central to our plan for change, to grow the economy, raise living standards and create opportunities for all.
It will tackle low pay, poor working conditions and job insecurity, creating long-term growth and investment to support businesses.
Insights gained from our ongoing engagement with businesses will help us ensure proportionate and effective policy.
Our plan to make work pay will ensure a level playing field, so that employers that are trying to do the right thing are not undercut.
I sent a survey about how the Government have treated business to every registered company in the Weald of Kent, and they are terrified.
Some 80% of them—four in five—are less likely to hire following soaring taxes and the truly dire Employment Rights Bill.
The Regulatory Policy Committee found the Government’s own impact assessment for the Bill not fit for purpose.
Will the Minister conduct a proper assessment of the damage the Bill will do, or should I send him mine?
I am always grateful for advice.
If the hon.
Lady is conducting surveys, she might look at the one that said that 76 of her constituents supported the plans in the Bill to bring in day one rights for sick pay.
The importance of this Bill cannot be overstated.
We have a plan to bring businesses up to a standard where work is respected and people have security and dignity.
If the hon.
Lady cannot understand that, then she needs to get out a bit more.
What steps his Department is taking to support trade union recognition in the workplace.
The Government are committed to simplifying the process and law around trade union recognition so that working people have a more meaningful right to organise through trade unions—of course, I refer to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests in this respect.
Through the Employment Rights Bill, we are reforming the process for statutory recognition applications; with existing thresholds presenting too high a hurdle in modern workplaces, they are increasingly fragmented.