I thank my hon.
Friend for her question.
The Groceries Code Adjudicator’s annual survey shows high levels of compliance by the supermarkets.
However, a statutory review will actually commence next month, and I would encourage her and all stakeholders to contribute to it.
Now it is Chris Law’s turn.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
The US President said that the EU was created to “screw over the US”.
However, while the EU stood up for its economy and imposed a $28 billion counter-tariff, the UK is being screwed by the US, which has made it clear that the UK will not be an exception to its levies, despite the Prime Minister’s pleading.
Will the Secretary of State tell me whether the Government are content to remain a bridge between the EU and the US if it is a bridge that the US continues to walk all over, risking the UK economy with every single step?
The simple position is that we will represent the UK’s national interest in this matter.
The US has objections about its significant deficits in manufacturing goods with China and the EU, but that is not the relationship between the US and the UK, so there is a chance for the UK to pursue a different policy —one that produces greater benefits for every part of the UK than perhaps are available to other countries.
Of course we are cognisant of the overall impact—no one wants to see this type of turmoil in the global economy—but our job is to deliver for the UK, and that is exactly what we are focused on doing.
Rural businesses in North West Leicestershire highlight the lack of accessible public transport, including having no passenger rail, as a barrier to attracting new employees and to growth.
What conversations has the Minister had with the Department for Transport about the barriers that rural businesses are facing?
We know that rural businesses want to see more investment in bus services and better transport infrastructure.
My hon.
Friend will appreciate that the Chancellor announced in the Budget some £650 million-plus in funding for local transport, which is designed to support everyday journeys and improve transport connections.
I am sure, too, that she will welcome the better buses Bill, which is coming in to give local authorities—
Order.
I call Seamus Logan.
Scotland’s goods exports to the US were worth over £3.7 billion last year, and scotch whisky exports were £971 million—the largest slice by value.
If the Prime Minister cannot protect the UK and Scottish steel industries, how can Scottish people be sure that he will be able to protect our whisky industry from malicious US tariffs?
I can assure the House that we are in regular touch with the Scotch Whisky Association.
We fully appreciate the significance and importance of that industry not just to Scotland but to the UK.
As my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State said, we are well served by a serious Prime Minister in these serious times, which affords us the opportunity for a dialogue in trade frankly not available to other countries.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee, Liam Byrne.
President Trump’s new tariffs are double trouble for Britain’s steel and aluminium suppliers.
They will dent £350 million of sales, but they also risk swamping the UK with over-subsidised Chinese steel diverted from America.
What is the Secretary of State’s game plan now to redouble defences for our UK metal makers?
I am incredibly grateful to the Chair of the Business and Trade Committee for that question.
He is right to say that the challenge here is not just the direct trade we have with the US, but the impact of trade diversion.
He knows we already have 16 anti-dumping, anti-subsidy measures in place against 14 separate product categories.
Once the annual tariff-free quota is hit, a 25% tariff applies to those.