We have set out in the Budget our plans to permanently lower tax rates for retail, hospitality and leisure properties on the high street from 2026-27.
We are taking measures to tackle crime and antisocial behaviour on the high street, which his party could have done more to tackle but chose not to.
We are bringing in new legislation to end the immunity for crime on the high street where shoplifters steal goods worth £200 or less, and we are creating a specific offence of violence against retail workers to try to make it easier for businesses operating on the high street.
What assessment his Department has made of the potential impact of the national minimum wage and national living wage on families in Airdrie and Shotts constituency.
What assessment his Department has made of the potential impact of the national minimum wage and national living wage on families.
More than 3 million workers are expected to receive a pay rise due to increases to the national minimum wage in April, protecting the lowest paid in society.
After our changes to the remit, we accepted in full the recommendations of the Low Pay Commission, which considers the impact of rates on business, competitiveness, the labour market, the wider economy and the cost of living.
Our impact assessments are available only by region—estimates by constituency are not available—but the simple truth is that workers in every constituency are better off under this Labour Government.
I thank the Secretary of State for that answer.
Just yesterday, Parliament approved Labour’s new deal for working people—the biggest upgrade to workers’ rights in a generation.
This will see a pay rise for more than 200,000 working Scots, many in the Airdrie and Shotts constituency, and a marked improvement to terms and conditions, which will be beneficial to our young workforce.
Does he agree that with a Government committed to improving the pay, terms and conditions  of workers across the country, the working people of Airdrie and Shotts will always get a better deal with Labour?
The plan to make work pay is a core part of our mission to grow the economy, raise living standards and create opportunities for all, and there will be significant benefits for workers in insecure and low-paid jobs in central Scotland, including in Airdrie and Shotts.
This plan is about making people stay in work.
It is about making work more secure and more family-friendly, improving living standards and putting more money in workers’ pockets, but it is also about showing that politics can work for people who may have given up on this place as somewhere that can improve their living standards, their lives and those of their families.
For that, I am very proud of this Government.
The 6.7% increase in the national living wage in April clearly shows that this Labour Government are on the side of working people in North Durham and across the country and are making work pay.
Can the Minister tell me how many families in north-east England will benefit from the increase in the national living wage and national minimum wage next month?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his support.
Around 140,000 workers in north-east England will feel the benefits of this direct pay rise.
I know his North Durham constituency well—I am no stranger to Chester-le-Street—and not only will his constituents get a pay rise, but his local shops, his restaurants, his pubs and more will get what they need most of all: customers who have got a bit of money to spend.
Last Friday, I spent the day visiting local shopkeepers in Kelso, many of whom employ their staff on the national minimum wage and the national living wage.
Their biggest pressure just now is dealing with this Labour Government’s national insurance hike.
They are facing a very difficult choice about whether they continue to employ people.
What is the message from the Minister to those hard-working local shopkeepers?