As she will know, the Crime and Policing Bill, which is beginning its journey through Parliament, will make a significant difference in that regard.
The high street trader John Lewis Partnership is announcing its annual results today.
It is a highly successful business but this year it will not be paying a dividend to its partners, the workforce, because it has to absorb national insurance costs.
Does the Minister understand the real impact that NI contributions are having on what his party likes to describe as “ordinary working people”?
I say gently to the right hon.
Gentleman and his Conservative colleagues that we had to take the difficult decisions in the Budget to increase employer national insurance contributions because of the mess that their party left the country in.
The shadow Secretary of State for Business and Trade,  the hon.
Member for Arundel and South Downs (Andrew Griffith) , helped to write the Liz Truss Budget that did so much damage to our country—we are trying to sort out the mess.
The shadow Secretary of State still has not apologised for his part in that fiasco.
He should take the opportunity to do so during these questions.
I call the shadow Minister.
Yesterday, the owner of the hugely popular Rumsey’s, which is celebrating 21 years on Wendover high street in my constituency, emailed me to say:
“We estimate the changes coming in April will add 15% to our staff costs that we simply don’t have.
Therefore we have had to sadly make redundancies, put in a recruitment freeze and implement staff hour cuts to offset this.”
With real-world testimony like that replicated up and down the country, will the Minister finally acknowledge that an urgent change of course is needed to support high streets, scrap the employer NI rise, save jobs and protect communities?
I gently say to the hon.
Gentleman that it would be interesting to know whether he now regrets the enthusiastic support he gave the Liz Truss Budget, which did so much damage to our country’s public finances.
Our Budget in October last year started the process of sorting out those situations.
I looked with interest at his website recently, which has a “My plan” section.
It is completely blank.
Although that is probably better given that he so strongly supported the Liz Truss Budget—there is at least a bit of progress.
Well, that was no answer to my question whatsoever.
It is almost as if Labour Members have not realised that they are in charge and that it is their decisions that are having this impact.
Let me tell the Minister something else that Rumsey’s reported to me:
“The reduction in business rate relief will leave me no choice but to raise prices simply to break even, further limiting growth and accessibility for customers.”
I just do not know how much more the Minister needs to hear to understand the scale of the problem on our high streets.
He talks of business rates reform, but the only business rate change we have seen is the devastating cut to business rates relief, which is hurting high streets now.
Will he reverse it?
Had the hon.
Gentleman’s party been elected, retail, hospitality and leisure relief would have come to an end.
We have extended retail, hospitality and leisure relief.
We have set out in the Budget our plans to permanently lower tax rates for retail, hospitality and leisure properties on the high street from 2026-27.
We are taking measures to tackle crime and antisocial behaviour on the high street, which his party could have done more to tackle but chose not to.
We are bringing in new legislation to end the immunity for crime on the high street where shoplifters steal goods worth £200 or less, and we are creating a specific offence of violence against retail workers to try to make it easier for businesses operating on the high street.