Many families are supported by the work of my constituents, Alison and Kevin, who run a small care business.
They tell me that they already operate on tight margins in a sector under  huge pressure.
The hike in employer national insurance contributions will force them to make tough decisions on staffing and simply reduce the amount of care they can offer.
Kevin and Alison rightly say that this hike makes no sense at a time when the Government tell us that they want to move to community care provision and get people out of hospitals.
Does the Secretary of State not agree?
I thank the hon.
Member for her question, and I thank Alison and Kevin for their important work.
We already talked about the difficult choices that the Government faced and the unenviable choices that had to be made.
Health and social care was a beneficiary of the additional revenue that needed to be raised to meet some of the challenges we face, but we are not casual about the impact of that, and we recognise the pressures that come from that.
I would say that I do not agree.
Taxes have to apply to every sector, and we cannot carve out certain sectors.
However, I appreciate the pressures that she articulates.
That is why the rest of the Government’s agenda is set to address all those factors.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Small businesses are the backbone of the British economy.
Up and down the country, we have success stories of innovative start-ups and family-run businesses that should be part of the Government’s plan to get Britain growing again.
Under the Conservatives, the number of small businesses in my constituency decreased by 360 between 2021 and 2024.
The Tories messed up our national and local economy.
Is the Minister concerned that his Government’s national insurance rises will damage the economy, just as the Conservatives did?
If we were listing the difficult things that small businesses had to deal with in the previous 14 years, we would be here for most of the day and the weekend, if we are being honest.
Whether it is how the Conservatives handled Brexit, the mini-Budget or austerity, we could go on and on.
I say to the hon.
Member that we are not casual about what we have had to ask of business because of the unenviable situation we inherited, but the fundamentals of the UK are incredibly strong in political stability and openness to the world, and we have the changes we are making to planning, skills, regulation and energy to make sure we are delivering.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential impact of changes to employer national insurance contributions on small and medium-sized enterprises.
The Treasury published a tax information and impact note in November 2024, alongside the introduction of the Bill containing the employer national insurance contribution changes.
It sets out the impact of the policy on the Exchequer and the impacts on business, and that approach is consistent with previous tax changes.
The impact I hear from SMEs in my constituency, predominantly in the visitor economy, is that they are anticipating cutting the hours of part-time staff or laying them off and reducing the number of seasonal employees that they will take on.
Will the Minister take those concerns seriously and work with Ministers in the Scottish Government to ensure that the legitimate concerns of SMEs in my constituency do not blossom into a full blown crisis of confidence?
I am always happy to work with the Scottish Government and other devolved Governments on how we can improve the business environment.
I am sure the right hon.
Member will join me in encouraging the Government in Scotland to mirror the changes we have made to business rates relief.