Recently, I attended a roundtable of small businesses in the north-east, held at Sage, and a key theme was the need for good connections and digital services to help their businesses to grow.
Digital connectivity is of course critical, but this often holds people back.
What are the Government doing to ensure that digital infrastructure is strong enough to support local businesses in constituencies such as mine?
It is right that not only do we need to have good online access to services, but businesses need to be able to connect to those services, and that is why the Government are committed to delivering nationwide gigabit connectivity coverage by 2030.
I am glad to say that over 94% of premises in her constituency can access gigabit broadband, including the businesses that she refers to, but I am of course happy to meet her to talk about what more we can do in this important area.
The Sussex Bookshop is a new bookshop that opened in Chichester city centre in December; it is now February and it is unable to connect to any sort of internet provision, because Openreach is reporting that there are no extra connections for the whole city centre.
Does the Minister agree that reliable internet access is essential, especially for small businesses that have to operate both on the high street and on an online platform?
What steps is she taking to ensure that those businesses have access now, not in 2030?
I think that is linked to the north-east.
That is the subject.
I absolutely agree with the hon.
Member.
Businesses across the country should be able to connect, especially in this day and age.
If the business in her constituency continues to experience problems, my hon.
Friend the Minister for Data Protection and Telecoms will be happy to meet her to discuss this issue further.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Digital services for small businesses are important across the country—north-east, south-east or wherever you are, Mr Speaker.
The latest data shows, however, that only around 15% of UK small and medium-sized enterprises use AI, which is well behind other countries, such as Denmark and Finland.
Will the Minister commit to publishing a detailed adoption road map that covers, for example, essential upskilling, data centre capacity and tech vouchers, so that small businesses can deploy AI without being locked out by cost and complexity?
The hon.
Member will have seen the AI opportunities action plan, which sets out our aspiration for this country, including the opportunities for small businesses.
The fusion of AI across the economy is top of the agenda.
In the coming months, she will see more activity on how we will do that.
What steps he is taking with scientists to phase out animal testing.
Our aim is to phase out animal testing as soon as is practicable.
We have been working closely, and it was a manifesto commitment of ours.
We have been meeting scientists and other Departments, because this area is not the sole responsibility of the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology.
We intend to publish a strategy by the end of this year to make good on our manifesto commitment.
I am the chair of the all-party parliamentary group on phasing out animal experiments in medical research, where Members from all parties can work together to push for scientific experiments that do not rely on animal cruelty and to encourage a focus on non-animal replacements.
Will the Minister  meet me and the APPG to discuss future plans and a strategy for the manifesto commitment on phasing out animal testing?
I did not know that my hon.
Friend had taken over the APPG; it is a good thing that it exists.
We will work very closely with the APPG.