Just last week I, along with many MPs in the Minister’s party, was briefed by the Royal Navy on the vulnerability of our subsea communications and energy infrastructure.
We have seen a pervasive rise in sabotage attacks on subsea cables in the Baltic, affecting our Scandinavian allies.
If Chinese-manufactured turbines are installed, security experts have warned that sensors could spy on British seas, defence submarine programmes and the layout of our energy infrastructure.
We would be reliant on Chinese equipment and software, and on Chinese suppliers for updates and maintenance, handing Beijing significant opportunity for interference.
In the current international climate, it is unthinkable to disregard the security implications of this decision.
Can the Minister confirm that the Government have scrapped the GIGA—green industries growth accelerator —scheme that we launched to build British supply chains in energy technologies?
What discussions has she had with the Ministry of Defence about its concerns over our ability to ensure the security of our energy system?
What safeguards will be in place to prevent Chinese maintenance ships accessing the turbines for repairs?
What guarantees has she had, if any, from our defence and security agencies that this investment will pose no threat to our national security?
If such assurances are not forthcoming, will she revisit this decision and put a halt to the madness of allowing the People’s Republic of China to have such a significant stake in our energy system?
When the Minister—[Interruption.]
Sorry, I am the Minister now. [
Laughter.]
The shadow Minister mentioned revisiting this decision, but, as yet, no decision has been made.
We are undergoing rigorous processes to consider the role of China in our supply chain and in the investment in our critical infrastructure.
Having been in my position, the hon.
Gentleman will know why it is so important that I do not provide a running commentary on individual cases, but I have made it clear that we are taking into account the national security considerations as well as our need for investment in the supply chain.
Let me touch on the legacy that we were left by the previous Minister: he was perfectly happy to leave our energy system exposed, with the British people paying the price.
The retreat—the “under new management” line that he was parroting earlier this week—would leave us even more exposed to those petrostates and dictators.
We are getting on with our  clean power mission to end our energy insecurity, and I shall take no lessons from the shadow Minister on energy security given his Government’s record.
I am glad to hear the Minister point out that, when it comes to green investment over the past 14 years, the legacy that we were left with was of an absolutely vacant industrial strategy.
I urge her to explain further how we might be able to develop the skills and competencies in this country to make sure that we have good, strong and ethical supply chains.
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question.
We have launched the clean industry bonus, which will be crucial in protecting our supply chain.
We are investing through GB Energy and the national wealth fund—I have already mentioned lithium in Cornwall.
Through the global clean power alliance, which we launched at the end of last year, we will bring together our counterparts from other countries, including at the International Energy Agency conference in April, to look at a supply chain mission to deal with these issues.
These issues do not just affect us in this country.
As other countries seek to decarbonise and increase the role of renewables, we will all need to co-operate and deal with the capacity issues across the supply chain.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Edinburgh West (Christine Jardine)  for securing this important urgent question.