I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Edinburgh West (Christine Jardine)  for securing this important urgent question.
Since the Russian invasion of Ukraine, as the Minister has rightly said, “energy security” has been a key term in this Chamber.
There are two ways of looking at energy security.
First, it is about generating our own renewable energy to avoid price volatility and exposure to authoritarian regimes, ensuring that we have the jobs here at home for design and construction.
Secondly, it is about the national security issues around our energy infrastructure, which is also a form of energy security.
A former MI6 chief has warned of the vulnerabilities, either deliberate or inadvertent, posed by foreign-controlled software embedded in our energy infrastructure.
Given those serious concerns, can the Minister guarantee that any further investment in Scotland will increase both our energy and our national security?
As I have said, we are going through the robust processes to try to make absolutely sure that our national security is not compromised by investment from overseas, and we will continue to do that.
The Grangemouth refinery is a vital piece of Scottish infrastructure, and its economic contribution to the Scottish economy is worth more than £400 million every year.
The Grangemouth refinery is also a joint venture between PetroChina, owned by the Chinese state, and INEOS, a multinational conglomerate.
Together, they are Petroineos.
The refinery is due to close, with thousands of jobs being lost, an unjust transition and Scotland having to rely on importing oil, all at a time of great global volatility.
Why are this Government allowing a foreign Government and private capital dictate Scotland’s industrial capacity, its ability to produce oil and, overall, our national security?
We are not allowing anyone to dictate to us.
I know my hon.
Friend has been deep in conversation for some time with the Minister for Energy over Grangemouth’s future.
To reiterate, we absolutely need to attract investment to meet our clean power mission, to secure our future energy security and, in the long run, to bring down bills for the British people.
We need to balance national security concerns in tandem with that, and neither one takes priority.
We need to tackle those challenges together, and that is what we will do.
Whatever the question about energy is, China is not the answer.
First, we know the Ministry of Defence and the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero have raised objections about the Treasury’s push to bring Mingyang Smart Energy into the circuit to bid for this.
Secondly, China is determined to involve slave labour in its products.
We are investing under this Government in solar arrays, which use a huge amount of slave labour in producing polysilicon.
Do the Government not recognise that their tilt towards China to get it to invest runs the real risk of utter dependency on China and serious threats to our security, which have been highlighted endlessly by the security services, and will they now stop?
I recognise that the right hon.
Member has long-standing concerns about the role of China and its investment in our economy.
He has been a great champion of raising concerns about forced labour, and he is right to do so.
We have set up the solar taskforce, as I am sure he is aware, to look at whether there is forced labour in our solar supply chains.
As I have said, a supply chain mission will be launched as part of the global clean power alliance.
This is not something that one country can tackle by itself; we all need to be alert to the risks of slave labour.
I know that an amendment was passed in the House of Lords last night that means the issue will come back to this Chamber soon, and I look forward to the discussion then.