Does the Minister agree that those considerations, as well as the routine human rights breaches of Chinese business against the Uyghurs, Falun Gong, Christians and other ethnic minorities, should be equally weighted with costs?
Human rights and Chinese production will never add up; that must inform any contract offered by this nation of ours.
The hon.
Member has frequently raised almost every issue that one could think of, but he and I have taken part in many debates about human rights in countries of concern over the years, and he is absolutely right to flag those concerns.
As I have said, we have the solar taskforce and the supply chain mission with the global clean power alliance.
We are very much alert to those matters.
We do not want to see forced labour or any form of modern slavery in our supply chains.
We are determined to take action on that.
With permission, Madam Deputy Speaker, I will make a statement on the publication of the Prevent learning review into the perpetrator of the attack that tragically killed Sir David Amess on  15 October 2021 .
Sir David Amess was a beloved Member of this House.
A hugely respected parliamentarian, his popularity extended right across the political divide.
To win and keep the respect of those outside one’s own party is, as we all know, a rare accomplishment.
Over nearly 40 years of service in this place, Sir David fought every day for his constituents.
He advanced numerous causes with compassion, persistence and skill, and Members on all sides of the House knew him as a warm, respectful and always fair parliamentarian.
His legacy lives on, not least in Southend, which now has the city status he campaigned so determinedly for.
He will never be forgotten, and as the motto on Sir David’s memorial shield behind me states, “His Light Remains”.
While this House lost a hugely valued Member on that terrible day, Sir David’s wife and children lost a loving husband and a devoted father.
They are in our thoughts and prayers today and always.
Together with the Home Secretary, who spoke with Sir David’s family recently, I recognise the courage and persistence they have shown in seeking the answers that they deserve.
As the House will know, it was a heinous act of violence on  15 October 2021  that took Sir David away from those who knew and loved him.
The killer, Ali Harbi Ali—and I will not say his name again—was convicted of murder in April 2022 and received a whole-life sentence.
The judge said that this
“was a murder that struck at the heart of our democracy”,
and he had “no doubt whatsoever” that the nature of this case meant that the perpetrator
“must be kept in prison for the rest of his life.”
The perpetrator had previously been referred to the Prevent programme and subsequently to the specialist Channel programme between 2014 and 2016, or between five and seven years before the attack took place.
Immediately after the attack, a Prevent learning review was jointly commissioned by the Home Office and counter-terrorism policing to examine what happened in the case and see whether lessons needed to be rapidly learned.
It was completed in February 2022.
Last week, I made a statement to the House on the Government’s publication of the Prevent learning review concerning the perpetrator of the abhorrent attack in Southport.
Today, we are taking a further step to enable public scrutiny of Prevent, and in recognition of the seriousness of the terrible attack on Sir David, by publishing the Prevent learning review conducted in this case, too.
The perpetrator of the attack on Sir David became known to Prevent in October 2014, when he was referred by his school after teachers identified a change in his behaviour.
The case was adopted by the Channel multi-agency early intervention programme in November 2014.