British, Canadian and American soldiers were fighting shoulder to shoulder to defeat fascists.
Eighty years on, President Trump seems to have forgotten all that.
His tariffs against steel and aluminium will hit Canada the hardest, but they will also hit jobs and the cost of living in our country.
In reminding President Trump who America’s true and long-standing friends and allies really are, will the Prime Minister also prepare a plan for tariffs in return, starting with tariffs on American electric cars?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right to refer to our history and the 80-year anniversary.
We were fighting alongside the Americans, and that is among the reasons why we have a special relationship.
British steel is an essential part of our heartlands and we will not abandon our skilled workforce, but a level-headed assessment of the implications is needed, and that is what we are going through at the moment.
However, we will always put our national interests first, and steelworkers first.
It seems to me that, given the way in which President Trump and his ally Musk are operating, they need to hear of strong measures and hear strong words even from their allies.
Let me move on to the subject of Ukraine.
If it is forced to surrender its own sovereign territory to Russia, that will be the greatest betrayal of a European ally since Poland in 1945, but President Trump says Ukraine may end up Russian, and he wants American money back.
I think we all fear where this could end, and the dangerous implications for our defence and our security.
Can the Prime Minister reassure the House that he and  other European leaders have given sufficient support to President Zelensky so that he cannot be bullied by Trump and Putin into accepting a deal that would effectively hand victory to Russia?
As the right hon.
Gentleman knows, I met President Zelensky in Kyiv just a few weeks ago—it was my eighth meeting.
The position since the outbreak of this conflict has been a united position across the House of supporting Ukraine, and I was able to reiterate my position, which is that we must put Ukraine in the strongest possible position.
That matters now just as much as it mattered at the beginning of the conflict, and I did discuss with him what more we and our allies can do to put Ukraine in the strongest possible position.
Two years ago, from the Opposition Benches, I published my “Healthy Britain” report, recommending a cross-departmental approach to improving health and wellbeing.
Now that we are in government, I am delighted that Ministers have hit the ground running—because running is obviously very healthy.
Will the Prime Minister confirm that last week’s announcement of an increase to the public health grants, which will help local services to focus more on prevention and early intervention, is just the start of a long-term strategy that will make Britain healthier, happier and more productive; reduce pressure on the NHS; and promote growth?
I thank my hon.
Friend for highlighting the important role that local communities play in supporting healthy lifestyles.
I am delighted that we are providing almost £4 billion for the local health services that people rely on—things like health visitors, stop smoking services and drug abuse treatments.
I will make sure that she meets the relevant Minister to discuss this issue.
Prime Minister, I get it: nobody wants to get into a trade war.
But, unlike Peter Mandelson, sometimes you have got to stand up for what you believe in.
My friends in the DUP have learned nothing from their mistake of backing Brexit, and think that tariffs are a laughing matter.
Does the Prime Minister agree that we need to stand up for ourselves, we need to back our workers and we need to back our businesses—not just in Lagan Valley but, indeed, across the UK?
Yes, of course.