Can those politicised social media firms be treated as such, to protect the national interest?
I am grateful for my hon.
Friend’s question and for the leadership that he has shown in his community in Southport during extremely difficult times.
The Online Safety Act 2023 applies to all users and includes measures to tackle misinformation peddled by foreign states.
He has a specific challenge in his community, and I am very willing to meet him and members of his community to hear directly of the impact that these issues have had.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The Conservatives secured a £450 million investment from AstraZeneca to expand its Merseyside vaccine factory.
When the Chancellor wrecked the deal, AstraZeneca tried to save it by increasing that investment to over £500 million.
Why did Labour still walk away, handing jobs and investment to our competitors?
The deal that the hon.
Gentleman says the Conservatives secured was announced in March.
The general election was in July.
Where was the deal, the funding or the written agreement?
There was nothing.
When Labour negotiates, Britain loses.
AstraZeneca is investing more than £4 billion in Singapore, the US and Canada.
It could have invested in our country too.
What is Labour doing to bring back the deal that it destroyed?
There was a deal by WhatsApp that was never followed up by the Treasury or Ministers. [
Official Report,  12 February 2025 ; Vol.
762, c. 285.] (
Correction) There were no meetings between AstraZeneca and the Conservative Government.
Their Government let Britain down every time, which is why the country turned to Labour, and Labour is delivering.
The payment systems regulator found that more than half of bank transfer scams recorded in 2023 originated on Facebook, Instagram or WhatsApp.
What progress has the Secretary of State made to ensure that tech companies are held to account for fraud originating from their platforms?
My hon.
Friend makes a good point.
We need to look at that specifically at the Committee stage of the Data (Use and Access) Bill.
Perhaps he will sit on the Bill Committee.
The Prime Minister has just held talks for a UK-EU defence and security partnership, in which the development of artificial intelligence will have been a key theme.
However, last night, the UK chose not to join EU countries in signing the international agreement on AI.
Will the Secretary of State please explain the dissonance in the Government’s approach?
First, let me congratulate President Macron on laying on an incredible summit in Paris which brought together Governments, tech companies and investors.
Britain’s voice was heard loud and clear, which is why we are delivering such extraordinary investment into this country.
The Labour Government signed up to and fully engaged with most of the aspects that were negotiated.
In a few areas, we will put Britain’s interests first.
A couple of other countries did not sign, either, but I did not hear the hon.
Gentleman criticising them.
In Ilford we have worked with Queen Mary University to launch a new satellite campus to teach medicine and dentistry.
Given the growing importance of education in science, engineering, technology and mathematics, what specific steps is the Secretary of State taking to increase educational opportunities in London and across the country?
The Government are working to develop a world-leading science and technology skills base that will drive economic growth and opportunity for all.
We are committed to expanding access and participation in science and technology education, and we are partnering with universities to build the skills and workforce across the United Kingdom.
A month ago, the Prime Minister said that countries will be either AI makers or AI takers.
Does the Secretary of State agree that by not attending the AI safety summit, the Prime Minister has given a clear indication that the UK will be an AI taker?