I will make sure that she gets a meeting with the relevant Minister.
A significant part of the dreadful legacy left by the previous Conservative Government is the chronic underfunding of transport  infrastructure, especially in the north-east, as we have just heard from my hon.
Friend the Member for Newcastle upon Tyne Central and West (Chi Onwurah).
Does the Prime Minister agree with me and the North East Mayor, Kim McGuinness, that redevelopment of the disused Leamside line would reconnect Gateshead with north Durham, and that increasing the capacity on the east coast main line would help to bring the Metro to Washington in my constituency, bringing much-needed jobs, growth and opportunities to my region?
Both my hon.
Friend and the North East Mayor are dedicated campaigners on this issue.
The Conservative party left us with a host of unfunded promises, and public transport is in dire condition.
Expanding the Metro network has huge potential to drive growth and unlock new housing.
I am pleased that progress is being made on the business case.
Earlier this week we learned that the Prime Minister’s close friend, the Attorney General, has in the past advised Caribbean nations on seeking trillions of pounds in reparations.
He has been a key player in the surrender of the Chagos islands and the related fiasco, which will cost taxpayers up to £18 billion, and he has even advised Gerry Adams, who is standing in line to get compensation from the British Government in Northern Ireland legacy payments, the quantum of which could cost up to £2.7 billion.
Given the Attorney General’s track record, does the Prime Minister have faith in his motives, and does he have confidence that his best friend represents good value for the British taxpayer?
We have long had the principle in this country that everybody is entitled to legal representation, which means that lawyers do not necessarily agree with their clients.
Conservative Members used to believe in that principle.
If they now disagree, they should go to see the victims of very serious crime, including sexual crime, and tell them that, under their provisions, a lawyer who disagrees with a perpetrator would not be able to represent them, meaning that victims would be cross-examined by perpetrators.
That has never been the Conservative party’s position.
If it is now, it should say so.
Allergy school, launched this week by the Natasha Allergy Research Foundation, is a free programme to support children with food allergies.
Allergic disease is a growing issue in this country, with more than 20 million people in the UK affected.
For this reason, it has never been more important for us to have a national allergy strategy and an allergy tsar to drive and co-ordinate action.
Will the Prime Minister join me in welcoming this programme, and will he meet me and the foundation to talk about how we can work together to drive this forward?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this really important issue.
Hospital admissions for allergies have risen sharply in the last two decades.
I welcome the work of the Natasha Allergy Research Foundation.
We will respond to the recommendations  of the national allergy strategy group in due course, and I will make sure my hon.
Friend gets a meeting with the relevant Minister to discuss it.
My Oxfordshire constituency of Didcot and Wantage has seen a 35% population increase in the last 20 years.
My constituents recognise the need for affordable housing, but the current planning system is not delivering the GP surgeries, dentists and transport options they need.
Will the Prime Minister restore faith in the planning system and, as well as focusing on housing numbers, deliver the local targets for health services and wider infrastructure that growing communities need?
We are, of course, delivering 1.5 million homes, but we are also creating communities for the future.
The hon.