Friends the Members for Bury North (Mr Frith) and for Stirling and Strathallan (Chris Kane), and the hon.
Member for Perth and Kinross-shire and many others as well.
I just want to focus on the things on which there is some agreement.
I think there is agreement across the House on the idea that transparency is an important part of what we need to ensure in this legislation, and on the aim of control over intellectual property rights, and on possibly ending a stronger version of rights reservation for the creative industries.
I can announce that we have set up two working groups in the past week, both of which have people from the creative industries and from the AI companies in them.
One is specifically looking at transparency and what that looks like to be effective and proportionate, and it will start work on that next week.
Secondly, on the question of rights reservation, I fully understand that people are sceptical about whether there is a simple technical means of everybody being about to assert their rights—
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps his Department is taking to use technology to improve access to public services.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on getting on the Order Paper twice today—it would be a good day for him to buy a lottery ticket.
I can assure him that the new digital centre exists to serve Departments and the wider public sector.
The Government Digital Service enables Departments to deliver digital public services that work for everyone.
Good public services are dependent on reliable and easily accessible and available underlying data, such as postal addresses.
However, address data is complex and expensive for UK businesses to access.
Given the importance of that data to public service delivery and economic growth, will the Minister commit to reviewing the terms under which UK address data is made available to support growth?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
Following the privatisation of Royal Mail in 2014, the postcode address file—the definitive list of UK postal addresses—became a privately owned data asset.
He will know that this afternoon we have the Second Reading of the Data (Use and Access) Bill, which will be a great step forward for the use of data in the public and private sectors.
He will also know that we have committed to creating a national data library, which will use data in a radically new way for the benefit of the country and public sector users.
I am sure that the Secretary of State will agree that people want their public services delivered efficiently and effectively.
To that end, what discussions have he and his Department had with the Department of Government Efficiency and Elon Musk in the United States about how we can harness the power of artificial intelligence to deliver better services, and scrutinise Government spending and datasets, to eliminate waste and inefficiency?
I think the right hon.
Gentleman has been asleep at the wheel since the election—not just when he was in government.
Our Government have brought in the Regulatory Innovation Office, which is now up and running and piloting four areas to get innovation through the regulatory landscape without delay.
Our Government have brought in the gov.uk app, which will be delivered in June, as well as the digital wallet and the digital driving licence, and a suite of productivity services are already being deployed in the public sector.
His Government did none of those things.
We are doing them now.
I call the Chair of the Science, Innovation and Technology Committee.
The Government’s determination to embrace AI to transform public services and pull through procurement opportunities for British businesses is very welcome, but many public service users and others may have been concerned by the Government’s failure to sign the Paris AI summit declaration, which sought to ensure that AI is open, inclusive, transparent, ethical, safe, secure and trustworthy.