We are committed to expanding access and participation in science and technology education, and we are partnering with universities to build the skills and workforce across the United Kingdom.
A month ago, the Prime Minister said that countries will be either AI makers or AI takers.
Does the Secretary of State agree that by not attending the AI safety summit, the Prime Minister has given a clear indication that the UK will be an AI taker?
This Prime Minister has delivered the AI opportunities action plan; this Prime Minister is deploying AI technology and productivity tools across Government;   and this Prime Minister has brought in £30 billion in investment into digital and AI infrastructure since taking office.
At the same time, this Prime Minister is sorting out the mess left after 14 years of Tory rule.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 12 February.
This week, we progressed our Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill to deliver counter-terrorism style powers to bring vile criminal smuggling gangs to justice.
We announced a further £350 million to get Britain building and deliver 1.5 million new homes that our country desperately needs, including more affordable homes.
We have also slashed the red tape that holds businesses and working people back, creating 10,000 more apprentices.
This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in the House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
I am proud to have played my part in helping to draft what has become the Employment Rights Bill.
A new poll shows that three quarters of the British public back the stronger workers’ rights in the Bill, including better sick pay, yet that lot over there—the Tories and Reform—disgracefully voted against it.
In fact, the Leader of the Opposition does not even believe in maternity pay or the living wage.
Our statutory sick pay is ranked as one of the lowest in Europe; it needs to be brought in line with the living wage.
Will the Prime Minister back my campaign to strengthen the Bill further so that sick pay is at a level that will finally stop punishing workers for being sick?
Our plan for change delivers the biggest upgrade in workers’ rights in a generation through our Employment Rights Bill, ending exploitative zero-hours contracts and the scandal of fire and rehire and expanding statutory sick pay to 1.3 million employees.
Of course, that is on top of the pay rise for 3 million of the lowest paid.
I would have thought the Leader of the Opposition might support the protection of day one employment rights, given where she is going, but she thinks maternity pay is excessive.
Our plan is pro-worker and pro-growth.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
The Conservative Government established the Ukraine family scheme.
In total, more than 200,000 Ukrainians—mostly women, children and the elderly—have found sanctuary in the UK from Putin’s war.
However, a family of six from Gaza have applied to live in Britain using this scheme, and a judge has now ruled in their favour.
That is not what the scheme was designed to do.
This decision is completely wrong, and cannot be allowed to stand.
Are the Government planning to appeal on any points of law, and, if so, which ones?
Let me be clear: I do not agree with the decision.
The Leader of the Opposition is right that it is the wrong decision.
She has not quite done her homework, however, because the decision in question was taken under the last Government, according to their legal framework.
However, let me be clear: it should be Parliament that makes the rules on immigration; it should be the Government who make the policy.
That is the principle.
The Home Secretary is already looking at the legal loophole that we need to close in this particular case.
The Prime Minister did not answer the question.