Charities such as Winston’s Wish do a fantastic job providing support for young people, particularly when schools are closed or there is no one else to turn to.
However, at the moment there is no simple way for the children to know about those charities or for the charities to contact the children.
Will the Government back my private Member’s Bill this summer to enable that to happen?
Will the Prime Minister meet me to discuss how we can ensure that another generation of children will not have to face that trauma?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her ongoing work and campaign on that important issue.
The cross-Government bereavement group continues to look at how we can improve access to the support that children and young people need at those difficult times.
Of course I will ensure that she gets the meeting she wants with the Minister to discuss this further.
Yesterday marks the 20th anniversary of the launch of the Make Poverty History campaign and of a fantastic speech, remembered by all of us who were there, delivered by the late, great Madiba.
That campaign inspired a generation of campaigners and a great Labour Government to deliver unprecedented action to tackle global poverty, lifting millions out of poverty.
Will the Prime Minister join me in paying tribute to some of those campaigners and commit to doing all he can to ensure that Britain plays its full part in helping to eradicate global poverty today?
It is a really important issue.
We pay tribute and, of course, we continue to play our full part.
Basingstoke hospital, which is used by residents of half of my North East Hampshire constituency, has had its rebuild delayed by 15 years, despite no ministerial visit to see the worsening conditions.
It is estimated that maintaining the hospital for those 15 will cost almost as much as the rebuild itself.
Will the Prime Minister explain the logic of making taxpayers pay twice?
The hon.
Lady’s constituents are right to be frustrated about the empty, unfunded promises that were left behind by the Conservatives—a point made by her and by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Basingstoke (Luke Murphy) .
Under the previous Government’s plan, a new hospital in Basingstoke would simply not have been delivered because it was unfunded: it was a promise without anything behind it.
We have put in place a funded, deliverable plan that will see the hospital built, and we will work closely with the trust to ensure that it is.
The Government’s devolution plans are a welcome progressive development to shift power and resources from Whitehall to our communities.
There are discussions now about the process and the realisation of benefits for our communities.
Will the Prime Minister assure my residents in Worthing West, and those in all constituencies starting priority devolution programmes, that Sussex devolution will give us meaningful control of our local priorities, including housing, transport and social care?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising devolution, which will see her constituents in Sussex get meaningful control over local priorities.
The devolution priority programme will see a wave of mayors elected next year, including in Sussex.
I believe that those with skin in the game make the best decisions about their communities.
For the final question, I call Andrew Mitchell.
The Prime Minister will be well aware of the global vaccination fund, Gavi.
One of the United Kingdom’s great success stories, it has vaccinated from deadly diseases more than a billion children under five, it presents real value for money to British taxpayers and more than 80% of our constituents support it.
Will he give the House an undertaking that Britain will continue that leadership and make a decisive pledge at next month’s replenishment conference?
This is a really important issue, as the right hon.
Gentleman rightly points out.