The Tyne bridge is an iconic north-east landmark and I congratulate the apprentices who are helping to restore that vital piece of infrastructure.
As usual, the Tories made empty promises that they had no intention of keeping, including £2.9 billion-worth of transport commitments that were never funded.
We will look at the capital projects around the spending review and let my hon.
Friend know as soon as we can.
My  constituents Peter and Maureen have been married for 70 years.
Peter is 93 and for the past few weeks has been  stuck in a hospital ward waiting to go home because a care package has not been arranged.
Peter is missing home and missing Maureen.
Will the Prime Minister reassure my constituents the social care crisis will be tackled this year?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising this issue and the particular case of her constituents.
I also know that this is deeply personal to her and, if I may, I extend my deepest sympathies to her and her family for their loss.
We have taken immediate action on social care.
We have already delivered £3.7 billion of additional investment.
We are working on the first ever fair pay agreement for the sector and, of course, we are boosting carer’s allowance.
I invite her and everybody to work with the House on the longer-term reform that we need.
James Rennie is an outstanding specialist school in the heart of my constituency.
Having converted every spare corner into classrooms and exceeded its published admissions numbers, and already having 43 applications known for this September, it is bursting at the seams and cannot expand any further.
What is clearly needed is a new specialist school for north Cumbria.
What assurances can the Prime Minister give my constituents that his Government will put children before ideology and allow local authorities to tackle the shortage in special educational needs and disabilities provision?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this vital issue.
It is not the first time it has come up.
We are supporting mainstream schools to increase SEND expertise while also establishing dedicated SEN units, because we need to make sure that special schools can also cater for those with the most complex needs.
We are working on this.
It has come up time and again, but we are taking those vital initial steps.
Dorothy House is an amazing hospice supporting terminally ill people in Frome and East Somerset and their families, including my good friend Lisa.
Next year, Dorothy House will be looking forward to celebrating 50 years of service, but it will also face an additional cost of £422,000 thanks to the increase in employers’ national insurance contributions.
Will the Prime Minister commit to meeting me and representatives of the hospice sector to hear at first hand about the impact of the increase in NICs, and to working to find a solution?
Everyone deserves high-quality and compassionate end-of-life care.
The hon.
Member knows that we inherited a £22 billion black hole in our public finances, and that is why we took the difficult but right decisions to invest in our public services.
I do recognise the pressures that hospices are facing, and that is why we are investing £100 million into hospices, with an additional £26 million to support children and young people’s hospices.
I will make sure that she gets a meeting with the relevant Minister.
A significant part of the dreadful legacy left by the previous Conservative Government is the chronic underfunding of transport  infrastructure, especially in the north-east, as we have just heard from my hon.
Friend the Member for Newcastle upon Tyne Central and West (Chi Onwurah).