Friend’s constituency, including £88,000 on SilviBio Ltd. I am very proud of the fact that we have been able to commit, in 2025-26, to a record amount of money—£20.4 billion—for research and development.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
In the Livingston constituency, we have a number of fantastic biotech and life sciences businesses, such as Valneva, which is working on a range of vaccines, including for malaria, and as the Minister mentioned, SilviBio, which is working on sustainable alternatives to peat.
Given the failure and neglect of the Conservative Government and the SNP Scottish Government in this regard, what conversations is he having with the Scottish Government to ensure that we create an environment in which the biotech and life sciences industry can thrive in the Livingston constituency and across Scotland?
Livingston is a remarkable example of where investment can make a significant difference.
I am really pleased that the chief executive of SilviBio recently received a women in innovation award for innovation in science.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that innovation accelerator projects in Glasgow and across the whole of Scotland need the integration between the Westminster Government and the Holyrood Government to be really successful, but that is precisely what we are determined to do.
In October last year, he also had another £4 million investment in Livingston by Merck, making it one of the biggest investors in Scotland.
What assessment he has made of the potential implications for his policies of the development of the Google quantum computing chip.
Google’s Willow announcement is one of several important milestones achieved by companies developing quantum computers in recent   months, globally and in the UK.
The announcement does not change our policy to maintain UK leadership across a range of quantum computing platforms.
Learning from the successful Y2K, or year 2000, prevention of systems failures, what progress has the Secretary of State made in considering post-quantum cryptography to prevent the so-called Y2Q—year to quantum—end of privacy, and what support is being provided for the development of quantum computing in the UK after the recent announcement of the Willow chip?
I am grateful for the hon.
Member’s question.
He will know full well that there are breakthroughs in quantum happening all the time.
These breakthroughs are often happening because of the scientific endeavours in our country, of which we should be proud.
On encryption, the Government have a set of policies to ensure that our systems and our country are prepared for the challenges and opportunities of the quantum era, and those policies remain active as we speak.
On investment in quantum, I was up in Glasgow not so long ago announcing £100 million for five quantum hubs.
That is the kind of investment he can expect from this Government to keep our country at the cutting edge.
What steps his Department is taking to make digital services easier to access for small businesses in the north-east.
No one anywhere in the UK should have difficulty using Government services, and the Government are committed to ensuring that our online and digital services are as accessible as possible.
There are globally recognised standards for digital accessibility, but they are only part of the design of an inclusive service, which is why we will be revising the Government service standards to incorporate requirements covering wider issues of inclusion and looking at extending their scope into the wider public sector.
Recently, I attended a roundtable of small businesses in the north-east, held at Sage, and a key theme was the need for good connections and digital services to help their businesses to grow.
Digital connectivity is of course critical, but this often holds people back.
What are the Government doing to ensure that digital infrastructure is strong enough to support local businesses in constituencies such as mine?