Many of us will know that when we use our  banking app, we are enabled to go not just to our bank but to our insurance, including our car insurance, and all those things can be related to one another in a secure way.
That is because of the smart data system that has been in existence for the last few years.
We need to roll that out in many other sectors, and that is precisely what the Bill allows.
For instance, in the gig economy, it will mean that Uber drivers and those delivering for Deliveroo will have a better understanding of whether they are actually earning a living from each delivery.
Thirdly, nobody has referred to the reform of the Information Commissioner’s Office.
It is an important part of the Bill.
There have been brief mentions of the register of births and deaths, which basically brings the modern world to the register office.
As a former vicar, I suppose I am more interested in that than most, as I have hatched and dispatched quite a few in my time.
That was the original point that I was trying to make, and I obviously did not make it as well as the hon.
Member did, so I congratulate him on that.
The hon.
Member for Dewsbury and Batley (Iqbal Mohamed)  was a bit critical of article 70, but I think that he is being a bit unfair.
The requirements in subsections 8 and 9, and then later in 11 and 12 of the article are very clear about the circumstances—and they are the only circumstances—in which the Secretary of State can bring forward changes of the kind to which he referred.
I hope that we will be able to please him, if not appease him, if that matter appears in Committee or on Report.
I just want to finish with some comments on AI and IP, not least because there has been so much focus on this area.
All of us on the Front Bench wanted to have a data Bill, because we think that it is really important for our economy and for so many different aspects of the way that we deliver Government services.
We also want a debate about AI and copyright, which is why we launched the consultation, but it feels odd to be doing a bit of that in this Bill.
Let me turn now to what the shadow Secretary of State said earlier.
I asked ChatGPT what the view of the shadow Secretary of State was on AI and copyright.
It replied, “Regarding his views on copyright, there is no publicly available information indicating that he has expressed specific opinions on this matter.”
Well, yes, we heard that this afternoon, didn’t we?
I hope the Opposition manage to find some ideas at some point.
This is a very serious matter and it is one of the trickiest issues that any country has to face at this point.
I think that it is trickier for our country than most others, because we are the third largest AI economy in the world, and we are probably the second or, at worst, the third greatest IP country in the world.
We have creators in every single sphere.
Some countries specialise in one particular form of the creative industries, but we manage to do all of them.
That is why I was listening very attentively to the contributions from my hon.
Friends the Members for Bury North (Mr Frith) and for Stirling and Strathallan (Chris Kane), and the hon.
Member for Perth and Kinross-shire and many others as well.
I just want to focus on the things on which there is some agreement.