Does the Minister agree that those discussions are key to not only securing our economic aims, but tackling the climate and nature crisis and achieving our wider international objectives?
Yes, that international co-operation is absolutely crucial.
It means talking to countries with which we share a great deal in common and which are signed up to the same objectives, but it also means talking to other countries to bring them with us.
That is why we are hosting the International Energy Agency summit in London in April, why we have set up the global clean power alliance, and why the Prime Minister went to the COP climate change talks in Baku last  autumn and showed international leadership, which was very much lacking from UK Governments of previous years.
Clearly, national security concerns are being expressed across the House.
Will the Minister ensure that the construction, maintenance and access to software will be carried out by British workers in British shops, and will not be subcontracted to foreign powers?
As I have said, I cannot comment on individual cases, but there are processes to ensure that our national security is protected as we look ahead.
I welcome the Minister’s reassurance about the Government’s rigorous scrutiny of energy projects involving Chinese technologies.
I understand the argument that, at the current stage of our transition to net zero, we may need to look further afield to meet our domestic energy needs, but does she agree that the long-term plan ought to be to reduce reliance on Chinese technology in the UK energy sector and to use British-made green technology, about which there can be no national security or ethical supply chain concerns?
I agree.
That is why we are doing all we can to increase capacity through initiatives such as the clean industry bonus, investment from the national wealth fund, the role of GB Energy, and all the other measures that we will take through our industrial strategy to ensure that we keep and create jobs in the UK.
The Minister is all over the place on this.
In her opening remarks, she said that the United Kingdom has a world-leading renewable energy industry.
If we did, we would not be having this discussion about foreign imported infrastructure.
Notwithstanding the Tories’ total failure over 14 years to invest in the industrial base for renewable energy manufacturing across the United Kingdom, what is the Government’s strategy to get in front of this, not just in manufacturing but in resource supply, enterprise resource planning and intellectual property?
What is the big shift that the Government have planned?
I just hear jibber-jabber.
That is not very polite of the hon.
Member.
As I have said, we are doing all we can to attract investment into the UK, so that we can be as reliant as possible on our own resources—that means our own supply chain and attracting investment and so on.
We are doing that through the national wealth fund and through GB Energy.
I do not know to what extent he took part in debate on the Great British Energy Bill, but there was much discussion then.
As I have said, this issue must be solved on an international level.
We are doing a lot of work with our colleagues to make the North sea the green power plant of Europe through the North Seas Energy Co-operation council, and we have set up the global clean power alliance.
We cannot act alone—although I know that the Scottish National party prefers that approach.
We are working in co-operation but also in the best interests of the British economy.
Can the Minister confirm that her Department’s work is entirely consistent with the Government’s approach to China: co-operate where we can, compete where we need to and challenge where we must?
That is exactly our approach, and it is the right approach.