How will Ministers work with the Scottish Government and Cabinet colleagues to ensure that offshore and undersea infrastructure is safe?
The hon.
Lady raises important concerns that we are very much alive to.
As I said in my first answer, energy security is critical to the Department’s work and that is why we have the clean power mission to end our dependency on fossil fuels.
International investment is a crucial part of that and helps to support growth and jobs across the country.
As part of that, we have discussions with a wide range of international investors, but we absolutely recognise that this needs to be balanced against national security implications.
We work on that constantly across Government with input from a number of Departments, and I am pleased to see my hon.
Friend the Minister for Security from the Home Office here for the urgent question.
The Government have to consider both those aspects together: the need for investment and for greater capacity in our supply chains, and the security risk.
While I cannot get into the details of the individual case, given the nature of the ongoing discussions, I reassure the hon.
Lady that we are taking these factors into account.
We do want to make sure that the most robust processes are followed as we look at the details of this particular issue.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
I was pleased to hear the Minister confirm the importance of our energy security, in contrast to what we saw under the previous Government. [
Interruption.]
Opposition Members can groan all they want, but that is the reality of what was inherited in July last year.
As we extend energy infrastructure in this country, can my hon.
Friend the Minister confirm how this Government will ensure that we have control of the operation of that infrastructure?
Does she agree it is vital that through the industrial strategy we see a renaissance in our manufacturing and greater resilience in our supply chain, all of which adds to the energy security of this country?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that dealing with capacity issues in our supply chain is a crucial part of getting this investment into infrastructure.
It is one of the reasons why, through the national wealth fund, we invested in lithium in Cornwall last week.
Through the critical minerals strategy, we want to maximise the natural resources that we have, where we can.
As I have said, we want to make absolutely sure that security concerns are addressed as well when we look at which investors invest in our new economy.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The indication that Mingyang will get the green light from the Treasury to supply wind turbine technology to the Green Volt wind farm in the North sea is concerning.
Indeed, alarm bells have been sounded by officials in the Minister’s Department and in the Ministry of Defence.
This green revolution will come with a “made in China” label.
The Government, in collusion with the Scottish National party in Holyrood, are determined to see Chinese companies reap the economic reward.
The Minister’s party says again and again that the transition to renewable energy will reduce our reliance on hostile regimes.
Chinese-controlled technology embedded in our critical energy infrastructure is evidently a threat to our security.
Can the Minister assure us that she is taking this threat seriously?
Can she explain how using wind turbines made by Mingyang reduces our reliance on foreign states?
Just last week I, along with many MPs in the Minister’s party, was briefed by the Royal Navy on the vulnerability of our subsea communications and energy infrastructure.
We have seen a pervasive rise in sabotage attacks on subsea cables in the Baltic, affecting our Scandinavian allies.
If Chinese-manufactured turbines are installed, security experts have warned that sensors could spy on British seas, defence submarine programmes and the layout of our energy infrastructure.