There was a deal by WhatsApp that was never followed up by the Treasury or Ministers.
There were no meetings between AstraZeneca and the Conservative Government.
Their Government let Britain down every time, which is why the country turned to Labour, and Labour is delivering.
Further to that point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
Why detain the House?
Why don’t I just apologise now, and correct the record?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for alerting me to that information.
I am happy to correct the record, and I am happy to apologise to him for saying what I said earlier.
I should also correct the thrust of my argument this morning, which was that there was insouciance during the period between the March statement and the general election in July.
Actually, it was not insouciance; it was just incompetence that meant they could not get the deal across the line.
I am a DSIT Minister today, but the debate felt remarkably like the creative industries debate a couple of weeks ago, when I was responding as the Minister for Creative Industries, Arts and Tourism.
I will get on to some of the points about AI and copyright later, so if anybody wants to intervene on me they can wait for that bit.
I will start with some of the points hon.
Members have made.
The measure on the NHS and data is among the most positive in the Bill, and was welcomed by everybody today.
It was not in the previous version of the Bill; it is one of our additions.
The other day, a colleague was telling me about her local hospital, and I was struck by the fact that it employs 42 people simply to carry around physical medical records.
We have put our backs into changing that.
That is not a good way to preserve records, or to ensure they are secure and not getting lost, let alone anything else.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Bury St Edmunds and Stowmarket (Peter Prinsley)  was absolutely right when he talked about patient passports.
We need to turn the issue on its head, so that people have access to their data and can participate in and make better decisions about their own healthcare.
As I said to my hon.
Friend yesterday, that is similar to the change that happened a few years ago.
After an appointment, consultants used to write to GP about the patient in doctor gobbledegook, but now many of them write to the patient in plain English, copying in the GP.
That is the kind of change we need to see.
I am very hopeful about the changes that will be introduced by the Bill.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for North West Cambridgeshire (Sam Carling)  said, they will make dramatic difference.
We need to ensure the interoperability of all the IT systems used across the whole of the NHS.
I would like to extend that beyond England and Wales; I would not mind if we could manage to do the same for Scotland and Northern Ireland, but I fear that even my friend  the hon.
Member for Perth and Kinross-shire (Pete Wishart) , who likes me sometimes, would baulk a little at a United Kingdom-wide approach to such matters.
I am also excited about the elements of the Bill on smart data, which have barely had a look-in in today’s debate but which could be transformative in many sectors.
Many of us will know that when we use our  banking app, we are enabled to go not just to our bank but to our insurance, including our car insurance, and all those things can be related to one another in a secure way.
That is because of the smart data system that has been in existence for the last few years.
We need to roll that out in many other sectors, and that is precisely what the Bill allows.