The right hon.
and learned Gentleman is the Prime Minister now.
The people out there want to know what he is going to do about the situation.
He needs to spend less time whining about the last Government and do his job.
I thought the Prime Minister and I agreed that Israel had a right to defend herself, yet the judge in this case noted that the family were facing a humanitarian crisis
“as a consequence of the Israeli Government’s indiscriminate attempts to eliminate Hamas”,
and Government lawyers accepted that.
Is the Prime Minister allowing lawyers to change the position on Israel, and was that because of advice from the Attorney General?
If not, why on earth did Government lawyers accept the argument that Israeli actions were “indiscriminate”?
Government lawyers put the complete opposite argument.
The right hon.
Lady talks about being on top of her brief; she has no idea what she is talking about.
I will tell her again: we need to change the law.
That is why the Home Secretary is already closing the gap.
I know the script does not allow any adaptation, but this is getting tedious.
The Prime Minister has not read the judgment.
I suggest that he does so.
Very serious questions are now being asked about the Attorney General, the Prime Minister’s personal friend and donor.
Even Labour Ministers are concerned.
One Labour peer, Lord Glasman, has called him
“the absolute archetype of an arrogant, progressive fool”.
If we are serious about protecting our borders, we need to make sure that we appoint people who believe in our country and everything we stand for.
It is not clear that the Attorney General does.
The Government are now recruiting a new chief inspector of borders, who lives in Finland and wants to work from home.
This is not serious.
Why should the British public put up with it?
The individual in question was appointed in 2019 by the last Government to a senior position.
He then worked for five years from Finland.
We have changed that, and he will now be working from the United Kingdom full time.
It was Finland under them.
The Leader of the Opposition talks about the Attorney General; she sat round the Cabinet table with an Attorney General who was later sacked for breaching national security.
Long-standing traders in the CPS Centre in Culcheth were devastated to receive eviction notices giving them just 28 days to vacate the premises, entirely out of the blue and on spurious pretexts from the new owner, the shell company Shivat Haminim Capital.
So far, the owner and its legal representatives have failed to hear tenants’ concerns and mine, and to negotiate a way forward.
Does the Prime Minister share my concern about this situation, and will he set out our plans to protect independent businesses that are the heart of our high streets and communities?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising an issue that is obviously of real concern to businesses in her constituency.
We expect landlords to meet their obligations to make buildings safe, and we support robust enforcement action from the regulators if they fail to do so.
I will ensure that my hon.
Friend secures a meeting with the relevant Minister to discuss what steps can be taken in this particular case to support the businesses on which her constituents rely.
I call the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
Eighty years ago this week, the allies began a pincer movement against German forces between the Ruhr and the Rhine.
British and Canadian troops attacked from the north, Americans from the south.
British, Canadian and American soldiers were fighting shoulder to shoulder to defeat fascists.
Eighty years on, President Trump seems to have forgotten all that.
His tariffs against steel and aluminium will hit Canada the hardest, but they will also hit jobs and the cost of living in our country.