I did not know that my hon.
Friend had taken over the APPG; it is a good thing that it exists.
We will work very closely with the APPG.
Whether I am the right Minister or whether there is a more intelligent Minister—or a more charming one, perhaps—who might be of more assistance to her, I will make sure that she gets all the Ministers that she needs.
In my constituency of Huntingdon, I have two sites that form a key component of pre-clinical animal testing.
Labcorp, where the testing takes place, and Marshall BioResources, where the beagle puppies are bred and then tested on.
Almost none survive the testing process.
While I do not support animal testing, I recognise that it is currently a necessary element of the pre-clinical testing process and cannot be phased out until non-animal methods have sufficient scope.
The Minister for Science, Research and Innovation wrote to me in September outlining the Government’s approach to phasing out animal testing, but will the Government publish a timeline of what tests will be phased out via the work of the National Centre for the Replacement, Refinement and Reduction of Animals in Research and when?
I cannot provide the hon.
Gentleman with that timeline now.
We are working at pace trying to put together a practicable policy and a strategy which, as I said, we will publish by the end of the year.
He makes a perfectly good point about the complexities.
It will not be easy for the MHRA to meet its international commitments and our manifesto commitments.
We are happy to work with the sector as well as with other Departments to deliver this, and I am happy to have a conversation with him if that would help.
What steps his Department is taking to ensure the regulation of online pornography content is aligned with offline regulation.
I thank my hon.
Friend for the campaigning work she does on this subject as an MP and as co-chair of the important all-party parliamentary group on commercial sexual exploitation.
The independent pornography review is a wide-ranging and thorough piece of work to assess the effectiveness of pornography legislation, regulation and enforcement, including online and offline regulation.
The review has concluded and the final report will be published in due course.
I put on the record my gratitude to Baroness Bertin for her hard work.
Online pornography sites are awash with content that depicts sexual activity with children.
Adult performers are made to look like children through props such as stuffed toys and school uniforms.
Popular search tags include “homework”, “pigtails”, “teen” and “barely legal”, and the content is often particularly violent.
Videos that depict incest such as sex between fathers and daughters and between brothers and sisters are also prevalent.
Child protection experts warn that  this content, which is illegal offline, sexualises children and is driving demand for child sexual abuse material.
Does the Secretary of State agree that we need urgent action following the pornography review to equalise online and offline content regulation, to tackle violence against women and girls and shut down a gateway to paedophilic content?
Of course, I agree with my hon.
Friend.
Additional powers will be coming online via the Online Safety Act 2023.
I wish that those powers had come into force earlier; that was a legacy of the previous Government.
We have done everything we can to expedite those powers as quickly as we can.
From March onwards, there will be powers that make extreme pornography illegal and that require sites to protect children from accessing pornography.
Child sexual abuse and its related activity should not be called pornography—it is rape, and it should be called what it is—and we should do everything we can to keep it offline.
What progress he has made on setting up AI growth zones across the country.