From March onwards, there will be powers that make extreme pornography illegal and that require sites to protect children from accessing pornography.
Child sexual abuse and its related activity should not be called pornography—it is rape, and it should be called what it is—and we should do everything we can to keep it offline.
What progress he has made on setting up AI growth zones across the country.
As detailed in the “AI Opportunities Action Plan”, artificial intelligence growth zones will help to secure the UK’s position as a global leader in AI, ensuring that benefits are felt across the whole of the UK.
My hon.
Friend will be pleased to hear that on Monday we invited local and regional authorities along with the industry to come forward with potential suitable sites for hosting AI infrastructure.
Rochester and Strood, positioned between London and mainland Europe, is well placed to help drive the UK’s AI economy.
We have: several net zero energy projects ready to go, with further plans for a data centre and battery storage; a council that is already using AI and which created an AI accelerator programme to support local businesses; and three university campuses that are driving innovation.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss my constituency’s potential as a future AI growth zone?
I thank my hon.
Friend for strongly advocating for her constituency in Medway to become an AI growth zone.
She will well know that the “AI Opportunities Action Plan” outlines the steps we are taking so that the UK can build the cutting-edge computer infrastructure needed to lead in AI development and deployment.
I eagerly look forward to reading expressions of interest from hon.
Members’ constituencies.
I will be more than happy to meet her to discuss this in detail.
The Minister will be well aware that the growth of AI across the country depends on a ready supply of data and other content on which models can be trained.
She will recognise that much of that content comes from our creative industries, and she will know that they are profoundly troubled that they are not being properly treated by the companies currently scraping their data without their permission or without proper compensation.
I know that the Government will want to resolve that, and she will know that the Data Bill saw amendments made in the other place to address that.
Do the Government intend to resolve this issue by means of the Data Bill or by other means?
If by other means, what other means and when?
The right hon.
and learned Member will know that there is an ongoing consultation looking at clarifying the copyright and AI issues.
There will be a speech this afternoon on the Data Bill that will cover the issue in more detail.
As he will also know, the consultation ends on  25 February , after which we will review its responses to see what we need to do.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Britain is leading the world when it comes to embracing AI.
I have just got back from the Paris AI action summit; the companies that I met there were genuinely excited about our AI opportunities action plan and optimistic about how we are using AI to build a smaller, smarter state.
The new Government Digital Service that I launched last month will harness the power of technology to deliver efficient, convenient public services designed to work for working people.
In recent months it has become obvious that some social media companies’ algorithms are run not in the pursuit of a commercial imperative but in the service of the political interests of their host country.
Can those politicised social media firms be treated as such, to protect the national interest?
I am grateful for my hon.
Friend’s question and for the leadership that he has shown in his community in Southport during extremely difficult times.