As I have said, a supply chain mission will be launched as part of the global clean power alliance.
This is not something that one country can tackle by itself; we all need to be alert to the risks of slave labour.
I know that an amendment was passed in the House of Lords last night that means the issue will come back to this Chamber soon, and I look forward to the discussion then.
Does the Minister agree that developing our economic and trading relationships with other nations is one lever of many that the Government are using to drive growth and investment, alongside planning reforms, public investment and a proper industrial strategy for the people not only of the UK, but my city?
At the same time, our work across Departments must always have our nation’s security at its core.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right, and we are using a number of levers.
The growth mission and the clean power mission work hand in hand to ensure that energy security and the decarbonisation of our power system contribute to growth in this country, and that means contributing to job creation and, in some cases, overseas investment.
We have set up Great British Energy, and we have the national wealth fund and the clean industry bonus, all of which will help us achieve those objectives.
Have Ministers or officials in the Ministry of Defence, the Home Office or the security services raised any concerns with the  Department over the possibility of offshore structures in British waters being used for Chinese intelligence-gathering technology?
If there are sensitive matters that cannot be discussed in the House, will she commit to holding a private briefing for Members on the security implications of energy infrastructure from China?
I cannot comment on the extent of conversations, other than to reassure the hon.
Member that, of course, those conversations are taking place and will be ongoing and that we are going through robust processes.
Again, because it is not my specific role, I cannot say whether that information could be shared.
I do not think that it can be shared on a day-to-day basis, but I will investigate whether we could arrange a briefing with Members to give some reassurance as to the general approach.
I am surprised that Conservative Members seem to have forgotten the time when they were pushing the golden era of the relationship between the UK and China.
Some of this is a legacy of their time in government, so they should be careful about how they approach this conversation.
I point out to the Minister the role that Grimsby plays in servicing and supporting operations of offshore wind, not only around UK waters but as far as Taiwan.
Those skills, competencies and capabilities exist here in the country, so what additional support will be given to expand those capabilities and support for skills in this country?
My hon.
Friend has been a real champion for Grimsby, and I was glad to see her returned at the recent election, so that she can carry on championing all the potential that Grimsby has to offer, not least in the wind sector.
It is important that we link up skills and capacity—that is one of the obstacles.
We talk often about how grid capacity and planning issues can hold up the roll-out of clean power, but we have to have the skills base as well.
We are working with the Department for Education on how we can train and develop capacity within the existing workforce through things like the growth and skills levy to work on these exciting new projects.
The Minister speaks about being reliant on the petrochemical states and dictatorships that supplied the fuel needed for our energy system, and yet the vast majority of the processed materials needed—whether we construct things here or not—come from China.