I do not want to see the fine buildings of Kent smothered in hideous installations, so we have to find a way technically of making the panels acceptable.
I accept entirely that retrofitting is much harder than new build.
It is possible to inset photovoltaic panels into a new roof on a new build, but it is much harder to retrofit it attractively.
I would like to see us make much more effort to go down that road, so that we come up with products that are acceptable across the board—not just for new build, but for existing buildings.
It is essential that this Bill has a Second Reading, and I will be supporting it today.
There are flaws in it, but that is what the Committee stage is about, and we  should allow the Bill to go into Committee.
If I may say to the hon.
Member for Cheltenham, there is rather too much wriggle room.
I can see canny developers finding ways of exploiting some of the exemptions, if we are not careful, that he has written into the Bill.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that an unintended consequences of this Bill could be that it is no longer possible to build a new thatched house?
In Dorset and Hampshire, we welcome people who are developing new thatched houses.
How will that work with this Bill?
The Bill does accommodate exemptions, and my hon.
Friend makes a case in point.
In the village I live in, we have thatched buildings, and I would like to see more of them.
There may be cases where an exemption should be permitted, but looking at the Bill as it stands, it seems that these loopholes are wide open to exploitation, and they will have to be tightened up.
That, however, is the purpose of the Committee.
Let us give the Bill its Second Reading, get it into Committee, amend it and bring it back on Report and Third Reading, and then let us see it become law.
One of my previous employers used to run a competition for schoolchildren.
They asked them to draw a picture of a better future where we tackled our climate and ecological crises.
The entries were displayed on a wall close to my office, and many times a day I passed them and looked at them.
Many young people had chosen to show a contrast.
On one side of the page was often a burning world—now painfully familiar from our news feeds, as our dear friends in California find their world set alight, and I am also reminded to remember our neighbours here in the UK still reeling from our recent floods.
The children’s pictures were sadly a good predictor of the threat, but on the other side of the page, where they showed their hope for tomorrow, children often drew homes surrounded by trees with happy people playing outside in the sunshine.
Without fail, on the rooftops of the houses in those pictures were solar panels.
Our children understood that a bright and sustainable future depends on clean and sustainable energy.
Our Government’s mission to make the UK a clean energy superpower is a direct response to the climate crisis and a clear mission to make energy secure and affordable.
Photovoltaics fit the bill perfectly—simple, reliable and effective, they are the purest form of renewable energy, converting photons directly into electrical power, and we can place that power directly in the hands of homeowners.
The need for us to embrace solar power as part of a suite of energy technologies for a sustainable future  is clear.
Alongside offshore wind and underpinned by storage using green hydrogen, solar photovoltaic is a key technology for the UK to decarbonise its electricity and all the sectors and use cases that we electrify.
While the use of land for solar generation is rightly contended, we have a vast and perfectly designed, yet barely tapped, resource on our rooftops.