To give supply chains, the construction industry and developers time to adjust, the Bill proposes that the regulations apply from  1 October 2026 .
Ministers may have comments on whether that is a realistic timescale—they might want to make it longer.
I am sure that there will be a discussion.
Reasonable exemptions need to apply, including for very tall buildings; for buildings on which it would not be economical to install solar panels, due to roof size or other factors; and for buildings that had other forms of renewable energy generation installed that were more appropriate for that setting.
Where buildings cannot physically accommodate solar panels that cover at least 40% of the building’s ground-floor area, the Bill requires that solar panels are installed to the maximum extent possible.
It is important to take part in some myth busting.
To dispel one big myth about solar panels, they do not always need a clear, sunny day to work; they will continue to work in overcast, cloudy conditions.
I think we can all agree that that is good news for this country.
To dispel another myth, solar panels can be installed to good effect on north-facing roofs, although efficiency will be a little lower.
The overwhelming strength of the case for the measure means that the sunshine Bill has gathered support from industry.
Over Christmas, several businesses and industry organisations signed an open letter to the Government in which they declared their support for the Bill.
I am grateful for the support of the MCS Foundation, Solar Energy UK, Eco2Solar, E.ON Next and Ecotricity.
I am particularly grateful to the MCS Foundation for its assistance and advice on technical matters in these last few months.
I thank the hon.
Member for letting me interrupt his excellent speech, which is loaded with fantastic puns that I would be very proud of.
What discussions has he had with industry on making sure that we have the correct skills pipeline, so that we have enough installers and other people required to ensure that solar panels are installed efficiently and effectively, and to maximise the economic benefit to this country?
The hon.
Member is absolutely right.
He will recall that if we go back more than a decade, there was a thriving solar energy industry in this country.
Sadly, we have taken steps back over the last few years when it comes to the skills pipeline.
I know that issue is on this Government’s agenda, and I welcome that.
On the date on which we might look at this, we hope that further education colleges will put on courses to train people up, and that there would be more industry work, too.
Will the hon.
Member explain why his Bill excludes the use of solar thermal panels?
The Bill focuses on solar photovoltaics.
Solar thermal panels are a different type of technology and are not covered by the Bill.
I would also like to thank CPRE.
The right hon.
Member for Aldridge-Brownhills (Wendy Morton)  spoke earlier about the preservation of land and fields in green areas, and the CPRE is specifically interested from that perspective.
This is becoming increasingly worrying, because we are now starting to see policy on grey belt.
I fear that if we do not thoroughly grasp the issue of where solar panels, battery storage and all the other renewables infrastructure should go, we risk green belt being all of a sudden redefined as grey belt, in a few years’ time, and being built on.
The right hon.
Lady speaks powerfully for her constituency, which I know has a specific issue.
We mentioned housing developers, and one housing developer has put its head above the parapet to support the Bill.
I am grateful for the support of Thakeham, and it is to be applauded for supporting the measure.
Developers should support the Bill for sound business reasons.