As I was saying, I understand the developers’ motives and why some will push back, but developers know what we all know, which is that the technology already exists and that implementing the measures in the sunshine Bill will be relatively straightforward for them.
Solar panel technology has been available for many years and the construction industry is accustomed to working with it.
Mandating installation at the construction stage is logical; it removes the burden from homeowners, and places the responsibility with the developer.
I thank my hon.
Friend for bringing the Bill to the House.
It is so important that it almost feels like a no-brainer.
Many of my residents share with me their frustration about trying to navigate the process of installing solar panels.
There are questions about which provider to go with, how it works, and all the technical details.
Does he agree that not only does the Bill have an environmental benefit, but it will—as he has started to explain—take that burden from residents and empower them?
They will benefit from lower bills without all the faff.
My hon.
Friend is entirely right.
As she knows, the Bill includes a recommendation to set an industry standard, so that consumers can have confidence in what they are buying.
Not only is the burden removed from homeowners and responsibility placed with developer, but the Bill creates an efficiency saving in human resources and materials.
It is an entirely logical step to take.
Installing solar panels on roofs while the houses are being built is at least 10% cheaper than retrofitting.
There will be issues around cost, which Members might raise in interventions or in speeches, but Government estimates put the cost of mandatory solar panels on all new homes at around £5,200 per home.
That sounds  like a lot of money in isolation, but the average cost of a new build in the final quarter of 2024 was far in excess of £400,000, so we are talking about little more than 1% of the price of a new build home.
That is next to nothing in the context of a monthly mortgage repayment, if we take the figure in raw form, and it would be offset by lower bills.
This Bill would mandate that all new homes are built with solar generation technology covering the roof space—a minimum of 40% of the equivalent of the building’s ground-floor area.
I too am interested in solar panels being mandated on public buildings.
In my area, Rednock school has had solar panels retrofitted.
Solar panels in educational facilities have two effects: they not only save money for the school, but teach young people about the issue.
Also in my area, the NHS is looking to put solar panels on all south-facing roofs of hospitals.
I wonder if we could extend the Bill to public buildings in general.
I take the hon.
Member’s point on board entirely, and agree with him.
This Bill is limited to residential new builds; I was very conscious that in the public sector, the cost of initial installation would be borne by the taxpayer.
He was right to reference schools.
In my constituency, Bournside school is installing a huge ground source heat pump.
That is a national, leading case study.
He is right that it is important that young people understand what is going on.
With regard to industry standards, we need to make sure that there is an industry-wide regulator and a certification scheme.
The industry needs proper regulation to give consumers confidence in the product.
Supply chains were mentioned.
To give supply chains, the construction industry and developers time to adjust, the Bill proposes that the regulations apply from  1 October 2026 .
Ministers may have comments on whether that is a realistic timescale—they might want to make it longer.
I am sure that there will be a discussion.