People in my constituency are passionate about protecting our environment, and they know that if we are to do that, we need to produce more renewable energy.
However, in North East Hampshire, as in many other areas of the UK, we are also protective of our arable farming land, which is so essential for our food security.
Passing the sunshine Bill, which has been brought to the House by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cheltenham (Max Wilkinson) , would challenge the presumption that the principal way to increase our solar capacity is through solar farms and large-scale industrial solar power generation.
Prioritising solar panelling on new homes will allow us to create the right energy mix and to produce energy in a sustainable way.
Not only that, but it will help us to address some of the challenges with economic growth.
Reducing energy bills, especially for those in social housing or on lower incomes, is an essential part of tackling the recent cost of living crisis, and developing the industry through innovation is of course good for jobs.
There has been a lot of conversation this morning about the benefit to homeowners of installing solar panels on new builds.
If solar panels were included on new social housing, we would also be helping those who face the greatest challenge in paying energy bills, which have gone up since the energy price cap rise.
That is an added benefit in the cost of living crisis.
My hon.
Friend is of course correct.
This should not be just about cost savings for those who can afford installation in the first place.
In North East Hampshire, we have some fantastic examples of community investment in renewables.
Hart district council has installed 121 photovoltaic panels on the roof of its offices, generating as much as 57,000 kWh of electricity per year, which is enough to power around 20 average homes every year.
Hart leisure centre has seen £200,000 of investment in solar panelling on its sports hall, which reduces the demand put on the energy grid as a result of heating the swimming pool.
If you will permit me a “Sliding Doors” moment, Madam Deputy Speaker, my house was built in 1961, when this technology was not around.
Had solar panels of today’s quality been installed then, not only would our energy bills have been significantly lower, but we could have saved in the region of 800 tonnes of carbon—roughly equivalent to 140 London to Sydney return flights.
Given the Government’s ambitious house building targets, and as retrofitting is more expensive than installing at the build stage, it makes sense to ensure that we do all we can right now to protect our environment, to reduce energy bills and to secure this industry for the future.
Each house built without renewable energy is a missed opportunity to save carbon and money, and to grow our economy.
Furthermore, each house built without solar panels increases the pressure to put panels elsewhere, including in our fields.
Sustainable energy development is critical, but in North East Hampshire, as elsewhere, we do not want it to come at the cost of our countryside and our agricultural land.
That is why I support this Bill, which prioritises putting solar panels on the roofs of new homes.
This is an important debate; not only is it about solar, but it is about our climate and our environment.
It matters to me, to my generation and to my constituents.
My constituency mailbag is full of ideas about how we get clean energy and messages advocating for solar panels, so I know my constituents are interested in this debate.
There are many experts in my constituency.
Just yesterday, I sat with a nuclear scientist from Wirral West, and there are many people who are passionate about the environment.
In one quite brilliant architect, Colin Usher, we combine the expertise and the passion.