There are many experts in my constituency.
Just yesterday, I sat with a nuclear scientist from Wirral West, and there are many people who are passionate about the environment.
In one quite brilliant architect, Colin Usher, we combine the expertise and the passion.
He has brought intelligent design to bear in order to build super low energy use homes.
Along with triple glazing, insulation and intelligent design, solar panels play an important part in those homes.
The panels sit on the roof and heat the home, and excess energy is sold back to the national grid.
So brilliant is the design that in the winter months, one of the people living in these homes pays just £10 for their energy.
I hope we can expect future homes to meet that high standard.
I welcome the fact that the Government have already made a commitment to developing the next generation of homes with high energy standards and efficiency.
It is better for our pocket and for the planet.
Labour is clear that the crisis in our climate and in nature needs serious action.
That is why, in the election, we committed to tripling solar power by 2030.
Solar energy has an important role, and it is a part of GB Energy, which supports our mission to make our country a clean energy superpower.
We are meeting our pledges with action: we are approving solar projects that will power the equivalent of almost 400,000 homes.
I note that this Government, in just one week, has consented to more solar than the last Government installed in an entire year.
That shows the marked difference this Government are already making in an area that the whole House is clearly passionate about.
I am pleased that the Minister is developing strong new standards, which will combine Labour’s ambition to build high-quality homes in the right places and the ambition to protect our environment.
Our commitment to action will bring lower bills to my constituents.
That is sorely needed after a difficult cost of living crisis, lasting for years, which has put pressure on household bills.
In this way, we can really support our constituents.
Through our meaningful action on more sustainable renewable sources of energy, we are making a difference to our climate.
It is pretty clear that the climate crisis does not respect rhetoric, weapons or borders; it does not care how many likes you get on social media or how viral your clip goes; it responds only to action, and the action  the Government are taking gives me hope for the future.
Across my constituency, people are taking action, and doing their bit to shift us toward cleaner energy.
We must meet their ambition for a greener, sunnier and more secure future.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cheltenham (Max Wilkinson)  for bringing the Bill before the House.
As an environmental campaigner for the past 22 years, I very much support any Bill, including my own Climate and Nature Bill—a shameless plug—that encourages the shift away from fossil fuels.
However, I do not support every measure that increases the use of renewables, which is why the sunshine Bill is so important.
There are good ways and less good ways to meet our international commitments on carbon emissions and climate change.
A less good way, as has already been mentioned by many hon.
Members, is to cover large tracts of our countryside in solar panels without the agreement or co-operation of local communities.
I welcome the Bill, but the choice between solar farms and rooftop solar installations is not a zero-sum game; they both have a distinct role to play.
In our most ambitious plans, solar farms would account for less than 1% of land cover.
Does the hon.
Lady agree with Tom Bradshaw, president of the National Farmers’ Union, that solar farms represent a diversification opportunity for farmers that will also be good for the British public?
I thank the hon.