Gentleman agree that it was a shocking dereliction of duty when the previous Government cancelled the zero-carbon home programme, which would have allowed for the generation of around 3,000 MW if every house built since 2015 had had solar panels on it?
Does he agree with my residents in Taunton and Wellington, who are aghast and want to see solar panels on the new houses being built in Comeytrowe, Staplegrove and Monkton Heathfield?
I find myself, once again, in wholehearted agreement.
Ensuring that solar panels are installed on the rooftops of new buildings specifically could deliver a generating capacity over six times greater than that of Sizewell C. Clearly, if we start applying a strategic approach beginning with the provisions in the Bill, we can host the vast majority of the solar panels we need on our rooftops.
Other nations are already proving that this can be done, with similar regulatory measures currently in place in Germany, China and Japan.
Better yet, enacting this legislation would not only accelerate our progress toward meeting our climate targets, reducing the industrialisation of our countryside and protecting rural communities; it also offers the most effective way to ensure that the net zero transition lowers electricity bills for consumers.
I refer to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests; my former colleagues at the MCS Foundation have provided research in support of the Bill.
I want to pick up on the hon.
Gentleman’s point about timescales, because in my experience this issue is the one that is raised most commonly by residents wanting to see action.
Why on earth, they say, are new homes being put up without solar panels on them?
Time is of the essence, but is it not the case that we have already lost many opportunities to progress?
Regulations were due to come into force in 2016 that would have required all new homes to have zero carbon standards.
Those regulations were scrapped by the coalition Government.[Official Report,  21 January 2025 ; Vol.
760, c. 976.] (
Correction) [Hon.
Members: “No, they weren’t.”]
The briefing I have had says that they were scrapped in 2014. [
Interruption.]
Either way, I am pleased to see cross-party support today to press ahead with this proposal at speed.
Does the hon.
Gentleman agree that speed is of the essence here to ensure that homes are not being put up without solar panels?
I agree that speed is of the essence in multiple ways, and I encourage the Government to move as quickly as possible.
Empowering households to generate the electricity that they use will help families to lower their bills far more rapidly than commercial schemes that feed into wholesale energy markets influenced by international commodity prices.
This strikes me as a well-drafted Bill, and I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Cheltenham   (Max Wilkinson)  on its clarity and flexibility.
The only thing that I might suggest is a widening of the provisions to cover commercial buildings as well, given the vast opportunities provided by warehousing space.
It is estimated that we currently use only about 5% of warehouse rooftops for solar generation.
Claims that the regulations would hinder innovation are clearly spurious, especially in view of the provisions for exemptions where other forms of renewable energy generation are installed.
It is high time that our country had common-sense standards for rooftop solar on new builds, and I hope that the whole House will support the Bill.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Cheltenham (Max Wilkinson)  on his Bill.
I do have some reservations about it, which I will go into shortly, but I am minded to support it today because this is a much better policy than the current Government line about having large-scale solar farms on all our farmland throughout the United Kingdom.
I would much rather solar panels were put on new builds, and councils already have some powers enabling them to do that.