Second Reading
I beg to move, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
I move the Bill with sunshine in my heart.
I am an environmentalist, I have fought for years to improve the housing market in my town of Cheltenham, and I strongly believe that we all deserve a fairer deal on the cost of living.
I was elected in July after campaigning on those three issues, and I move Second Reading of the Bill with those issues in mind.
I thank hon.
Members who have taken the time to attend today’s debate, and I urge them to retain a sunny disposition for the next few hours.
I am happy to take interventions from Members from across the House, but I hope hon.
Members will not use them to throw too much shade.
I promise a warm response regardless, and I hope the Minister will provide the same.
Today, we can all make a commitment to a brighter future by backing the sunshine Bill.
It will be a future in which people have lower household bills; we are less reliant on dirty and expensive fossil fuels, often imported from abroad; and the country’s energy supplies are more secure.
This future is a vision supported by voters across political divides, as well as by industry.
Before I get to the core of my speech, I ask hon.
Members to think back a few short years, to the start of the energy bills crisis.
Householders endured a 54% rise in the energy price cap in April 2022, and bills remain 43% higher than they were before the crisis.
That caused widespread fuel poverty.
We witnessed another shocking increase in food bank use, businesses went bust, jobs were lost and family holiday plans were cancelled.
The crisis also laid bare how short-sighted past ideological decisions were to slow down the roll-out of renewable technologies.
Imagine an alternative.
Imagine that more homes included solar power generation during that crisis, and in the ongoing crisis.
Bills could and should have been hundreds of pounds lower for everyone; householders would have been insulated against higher bills; and our nation would have been safer and stronger.
Food banks would have been less busy, and the Government would not have been forced to give such large subsidies to ensure that people could get by.
At the heart of the discussion is a pressing need to tackle twin crises: the cost of living and climate change.
As hon.
Members will know, the climate change discussion often leads us to debate difficult trade-offs—the Government are grappling with those and they have my good wishes in doing so—but solar energy generation on new build homes is very much not in that category.
The Bill helps us to tackle the cost of living and climate change—a clear win-win.
MCS Foundation research has shown that the payback period for a solar array on a three-bedroom semi-detached house is just four years, when that array is combined with other technologies that will be widely available in the next few years.
Over a 25-year mortgage, the savings stand at a whopping £38,000.
Solar technology also offers homeowners the chance to profit directly.
The Energy Saving Trust estimates that a typical household could make between £270 and £400 a year.
On the environmental side, research by Solar Energy UK shows that buildings accounted for 20% of all UK emissions in 2023.
The Government have placed building new homes at the heart of their agenda, which I support.
I genuinely welcome today’s Second Reading of the Bill.
Having brought two private Members’ Bills through Parliament from the Back Benches, I wish the hon.
Gentleman every success; it can be a long journey.
Will he say more about the impact of solar panels on the environment and the green belt?
In the shift towards using more solar panels, I fear many of the panels will be installed on prime agricultural land.