The taskforce’s road map is due to be published in the spring, and it will set out recommendations for how we can triple the UK’s solar capacity by 2030.
I look forward to that.
The pylon issue has been brought up.
I grew up and lived in a home under a pylon for nearly 50 years, and I do not think it has done me any harm.
I know that the Government are due to introduce further standards later this year.
They will set our new homes and buildings on a path away from reliance on volatile fossil fuels, and they will ensure that those homes and buildings are fit for a net zero future.
I am sure the Minister will expand on that.
As well as new builds, it is important that people know that assistance packages are out there to help them with installing solar panels on existing homes.
That includes the energy company obligation, the warm homes local grant and the warm homes social housing fund.
Owners of solar panels can also be paid for the surplus electricity their solar panels generate through the smart export guarantee, and there is a zero rate of VAT on residential solar panels.
Much of what has being covered in this debate is devolved, although Members may not have known that I was Welsh.
To my constituents in Gower and across Wales, I point to the Welsh Government’s Nest programme, which can provide free energy efficiency improvements, including solar panels, to those eligible.
The Bill states that it
“extends to England and Wales.”
Of course, the hon.
Member for Cheltenham will be aware that building regulations are devolved.
What conversations has he had with the Welsh Government or Members of the Senedd about this?
I am sure that the Welsh Labour Government would be delighted to work alongside the UK Labour Government—they probably are already doing so—to ensure that homes are more energy efficient and that our constituents have the opportunity to save money on their bills.
The important thing about the path forward is that the Government should work with house builders to get the best outcomes for both our environmental targets and our housing targets.
We must also build high-quality, sustainable and affordable homes.
As has been mentioned by many, the scope of the Bill does not cover roofs other than those on new builds, so I highlight the need for solar panels on all roofs.
As  the right hon.
Member for Herne Bay and Sandwich (Sir Roger Gale)  said, we must take the agricultural land that we need for food to feed our country into consideration, and we must strike a fair and right balance.
I know that  the hon.
Member for South Cotswolds (Dr Savage)  has also raised that issue.
I feel very passionately that we must not do down one or the other.
We must be aware that there are problems, particularly with tenant farmers and how they are being treated by companies.
Where there are bad actors, I know that our Government—my Government—will seek to find them.
I hope that the Government will work in collaboration with farmers, who may need to have a blend and have solar farms on their land, as well as with tenant farmers.
I know that the Government are committed to find a workable way forward on this issue.
I thank the hon.
Member for Cheltenham for the chance to highlight it in this debate and for the sunshine he has brought.
As the Liberal Democrat spokesperson for energy security and net zero, I am delighted to support the private Member’s Bill of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cheltenham (Max Wilkinson) : the sunshine Bill.
Madam Deputy Speaker, I am beaming.
South Cambridgeshire is one of the fastest growing constituencies in the country in terms of house building and lab space.
People constantly say to me, “Why are all of these new homes without solar panels on their roofs?”