I was also very proud to tell the now Energy Secretary that information when he visited Erewash this time last year.
The progression of these vital infrastructure projects, which are pivotal to the future of our country, must be driven by a national strategy and not held up by bureaucracy.
As I have said, the Bill’s proposals are laudable.
The drive to green energy generation along with this Government’s ambition to make Britain a clean energy superpower could be, to this decade and to those to come, what the race for space was in the 1950s and 1960s—countries engaged in a great contest of scientific innovation and progress.
There is nothing that I, as a former research scientist, could welcome more than the Government pursuing science, innovation and technology as a matter of not only core policy, but national pride.
This Government are committed to greatly expanding our provision of solar energy generation and have acknowledged many times the significant part that rooftop solar has to play in that expansion.
I hope that supporters of this Bill are assured by the Government’s genuine commitment on this front.
The climate crisis and the housing crisis are both profound issues, worthy of the descriptor “crisis” and in need of immediate action.
I know that many right hon.
and hon.
Members share the Government’s commitment to act here, as I most certainly do.
I pay tribute to my neighbour and hon.
Friend  the Member for Cheltenham (Max Wilkinson)  for so boldly taking up this cause.
His so-named sunshine Bill, which to my mind reflects his own disposition so brightly—as though it was his own glowing cranium—[Laughter.]
I may only speculate what it was that attracted my hon.
Friend to discuss a Bill regarding the promotion of shiny surfaces atop well-built structures—we can only guess.
Does he agree that as this Bill moves forward, it is absolutely essential that the Government work across parties to build a consensus, including all those experts and those passionate in this subject, and to work together to ensure that it is successfully delivered for the betterment of all our residents?
My hon.
Friend has so eloquently put across the pragmatism that we can enjoy from Liberal Democrats in working across parties for the benefit of our constituents, and I thank him for that.
This undertaking by my hon.
Friend the Member for Cheltenham has been brought up consistently on doorsteps across the Tewkesbury constituency in recent years.
Widely considered to be a blindingly obvious antidote to rising energy bills and the phasing out of fossil fuels, people have tended to ask, with an exasperated tone, why on earth new homes are not built with solar panels by mandate.
As my hon.
Friend has described, the public roundly support such measures, with one poll registering 70% support.
Whether or not the New Homes (Solar Generation) Bill goes to a vote today, I hope that the Government will recognise the alignment with their environmental pledges and that they will take the ball and run with it.
I thank  the hon.
Member for Cheltenham (Max Wilkinson)  for introducing this Bill.
Rooftop solar panels are a huge area of huge potential.
On such a grey day, I also thank him for bringing all the sunshine.
I am pleased that the Government are already exploring rooftop solar panels on new build houses in the “Clean Power 2030” action plan, which aims to have at least 95% of Great Britain’s electricity produced by clean energy by 2030.
The Government relaunched the solar taskforce quickly after the general election, bringing together experts from the Government and industry.
The taskforce’s road map is due to be published in the spring, and it will set out recommendations for how we can triple the UK’s solar capacity by 2030.
I look forward to that.
The pylon issue has been brought up.