That is where private housing developers come into the mix.
The British designer and “Grand Designs” presenter Kevin McCloud wrote last year that in 15 years’ time the average profit on each new build home has rocketed from £6,000 to £63,000.
I call on Ministers to stand up to the major house builders and ensure that they pay the cost of putting solar on every suitable new roof.
The organisation 100% Renewable UK has calculated that mandatory solar panels and heat pumps in new homes would add around £8,000 to the cost of a new home—an amount that decreases as installations gather speed.
Clearly, housing developers can afford that cost, and neither they nor anyone else can afford the consequences of not meeting our solar or other climate targets.
The Los Angeles wildfires are on track to be among the costliest in US history, as well as the most heartbreaking, with losses already expected to exceed £109.7 billion.
Failing to decarbonise at speed, in line with the climate science, will dwarf the cost of future-proofing our homes.
The moral case for acting is unequivocal, and so too is the economic one.
If Ministers are worried about the risk of solar costs being passed on to homebuyers, the Government could simply stop that happening.
They could also offer interest-free loans for this technology, and make it easier for retail lenders to drive rooftop deployments.
Property-linked finance or green mortgages can help consumers with the capital costs of installation, as could regulation to  incentivise low interest rates for green mortgages.
These are all political choices that the Government could make.
The sunshine Bill is not just about solar panels but about—forgive me—shining some sunlight on who has the power.
Making every home a mini power station would help rebalance that power towards communities.
I therefore very much hope that the Government will today choose to back both a solar rooftop revolution and mandatory solar being included in the future homes standard, rather than choosing to protect the vested interests that are behind the vast and ultimately unsustainable house builders’ profits.
I thank  the hon.
Member for Cheltenham (Max Wilkinson)  for introducing the Bill.
I think it is laudable, and its heart is very much in the right place.
We should think of the climate crisis in all matters of policy and in how we might contribute to the Government’s goal of making Britain a clean energy superpower.
The Government, guided by the excellent work of the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, are already making great strides in combating the climate crisis, putting green energy at the heart of the country’s future and supporting green industrial growth wherever we can.
The Government have established Great British Energy, which means that we will need new green infrastructure sooner rather than later.
When it comes specifically to solar energy, I was very pleased that, within just days of taking office, the Government approved three major, long-stalled, large solar farms in Lincolnshire and East Anglia, capable of generating 1.5 GW, or enough to power 500,000 homes.
That was a clear statement of intent, and one that we can all be very proud of.
At the same time, the Secretary of State pledged a rooftop revolution, making it easier for newly built homes to come with solar panels from the off and to install solar panels on existing homes.
A third of our solar generation capacity already comes from rooftop solar, it is an important part of the energy generation mix and I know that the Government fully believe in rooftop solar, as I do.
The hon.
Member talks a lot about the measures that are being put forward in the move towards net zero, but we need to go further.