That is a great opportunity, but there are also the factory roofs.
Not all the buildings are suitable, but as we build on that cluster and can generate power locally, and as we build more homes around them and in that area to provide power, solar power has an important part to play.
I very much want to see that we are able to change our building regulations and to ensure they meet the needs and opportunities from factories, but, at the same time, we must not close our eyes to the fact that there are many other ways of ensuring that we reach a zero-carbon future.
Fixing the housing crisis is absolutely not mutually exclusive with fixing the climate crisis.
The hon.
Member rightly identified the cost of living crisis and the climate crisis.
I would add in the housing crisis as a third part of that, and I can see he does not disagree.
This point has been made a few times, but it is almost as if there is a tension between protecting our natural environment and making progress on renewable energy sources.
It is not a choice between the two; one is central to the other.
As a former councillor, I know that it is vital that community voices are heard in this.
If there is one thing that upsets local communities, it is when they are not involved in conversations on matters that directly impact them and the areas they live in.
Does my hon.
Friend agree?
I wholeheartedly agree.
I gave the example of a power generator on a roof not working, and that came down to the fact that the local community was not involved.
The residents on the block saw no benefit from it, but it was causing them problems, including leaks in the roof and all sorts of other stuff.
It is vital that we have not just a circular energy economy but a circular economic and monetary economy so that people see the benefits in their pockets as well as in the lights and heating in their homes.
I am keen to hear from the Minister what the Government plan to do to change the building regulations, meet the aspirations in the Bill and ensure that we have a comprehensive strategy to progress towards a zero-carbon, net zero future, while ensuring that that does not get in the way of tackling local environmental problems—biodiversity and so on—or the housing and cost of living crises.
Those things are all joined up.
That is how developers will work and deliver, and how we can ensure that that happens.
We all know that implementation is the tricky part  of policy.
The intention is very straightforward—and this Bill is full of great intentions—but getting the implementation right will be the challenge.
We have had 14 years of hot and cold climate policy.
Sometimes the previous Government went hell for leather on tackling climate change; at other points, they did not seem so certain.
As well as developers, businesses and households have struggled with that, because they have not been sure of the direction of travel.
I am hopeful that our new Government will now focus on stability as a key plank of our growth agenda, giving developers, communities and households the certainty they need to plan together.
Everyone is looking for that framework.
Some areas and towns face greater challenges on housing and housing need.
In Sheerness in my constituency, for example, the housing stock is of deteriorating quality.
Much of it is post-war council housing, which, unsurprisingly in a coastal area, is not lasting and has high maintenance costs.
We need a comprehensive renewal that brings in not just better housing, but the opportunity to leapfrog several stages in environmental learning and energy production, and ensures that energy production is brought into the heart of towns in my constituency and those of other hon.
Members.
My hon.