Madam Deputy Speaker, I am beaming.
South Cambridgeshire is one of the fastest growing constituencies in the country in terms of house building and lab space.
People constantly say to me, “Why are all of these new homes without solar panels on their roofs?”
or “Why do these new homes only have one or two solar panels or only on part of the roofs?”
Sadly, in 2025, developers are still required only to meet—not exceed—the Merton rule’s inadequate 10% energy improvement standard.
That is why Liberal Democrat councillors in my constituency have been pushing hard to change this at the local level.
In fact, in the five years since they took control of the council, South Cambridgeshire has rapidly become the district with the highest number of solar panels fitted and with the fastest increase in planning applications that include solar panels.
It is the lack of ambition and political will at the national level that has held back the revolution in solar rooftops.
That is why we are still building homes that are cold and damp and that have skyrocketing energy bills.
The former Conservative Government disgracefully scrapped the zero carbon homes policy, and dithered and delayed on the future homes standard.
Earlier,  the hon.
Member for Waveney Valley (Adrian Ramsay)  lamented—in good faith—the drawdown of environmental pledges in 2016.
Of course, that was not the coalition Government; what we saw and what we got is what happens when the Liberal Democrats are no longer there to hold people to account.
It will not surprise anyone to hear that I agree wholeheartedly.
The record has been corrected.
It is vital that the Bill helps to repair that damage, and we look forward to the Minister’s commitment to bringing about these changes.
As has been mentioned, the lack of ambition on the solar rooftop revolution has contributed to the barrier to public acceptance of larger scale solar farms.
We are hearing people say, “Why not put panels on the rooftops of homes, industrial sites and commercial warehouses first?”
We need a joined-up plan; we need the Government urgently to bring forward the much-promised land use framework and the National Energy System Operator’s strategic spatial energy plan, which will show how much solar farm energy is still needed and where it would be best placed.
In that way, we can meet all our needs.
The Bill is our chance to get this right.
It is our chance for a cleaner, greener and more secure future that addresses the triple cost of living, housing and climate crises and takes people with us.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend the Member for Cheltenham.
I thank  the hon.
Member for Cheltenham (Max Wilkinson)  for bringing this sunshine to the Chamber today.
The horrific wildfires raging in California and the recent flooding that we saw provide yet more reminders that urgent action is needed to tackle the climate and  nature emergency.
I am proud that, under this Labour Government, the UK is once again showing climate leadership.
We know that we cannot tackle the housing crisis without tackling the climate crisis.
Nor can we achieve our core growth mission or increase living standards without acknowledging the huge impact of climate change.
The built environment is responsible for 40% of emissions, and decarbonising our housing stock is essential.
As a member of the all-party parliamentary group on ClimateTech, which is chaired by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Exeter (Steve Race) , I was pleased to attend a recent event in Parliament, where we met start-ups working on innovative solutions to decarbonise the built environment.
The Government’s steadfast commitment to this agenda and to policies such as Great British Energy and the warm homes plan were warmly welcomed by the businesses I met.