As I walked through Westminster underground station this morning, a billboard caught my eye.
The MSC Foundation was advertising the fact that a recent YouGov survey found that three in four voters believe that solar panels should be mandatory on new homes.
When Labour took control of Amber Valley borough council in 2023, the council had no council homes whatsoever, as the previous Conservative-run council had sold all the housing stock 20 years earlier at below-market rates.
To right that wrong, the council has started a new council house building programme, and while we started small, we are working towards a target of 30 new council homes, each fitted with solar panels.
Indeed, the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero last year witnessed four new builds resulting from that programme on his visit to the borough alongside the Mayor of the East Midlands.
It is fair to say that we are committed in Amber Valley.
Incorporating rooftop solar as part of our house building programme has been an important part of delivering cleaner energy and lower bills, and ensuring sustainability for our constituents.
When I first became a borough councillor in Amber Valley, I asked whether we could have a planning condition that solar panels must be installed on roofs, and I too was told that that was just not possible.
That was totally perplexing to me, so I am sure that hon.
Members can imagine that I am proud to be part of a Government who are spearheading the most ambitious house building programme in a generation, with a clear commitment to environmental sustainability.
The hon.
Lady speaks of the Government’s ambition, and there is one simple thing they could do.
In December 2023, after lobbying from developers, the previous Conservative Government shamefully issued a written ministerial statement to prohibit a councillor in West Oxfordshire district council in my constituency from insisting on higher environmental standards for a net zero development.
Does the hon.
Lady agree that if the Government simply revoked that written ministerial statement, local councils across the country would have more freedom to set higher environmental standards?
Will she encourage the Minister to respond to that point?
I would encourage the Minister to respond, because I do not think that it is for me to do so.
However, I do think we should be doing everything we can to move towards a better, more sustainable future.
Not only are we building 1.5 million new homes over this Parliament, but we are committed to an ambitious decarbonising agenda and harnessing renewable resources across the UK.
The Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero of course understands the importance of solar as part of our wider clean power mission, and the contribution that the energy efficiency of homes can make to our net zero emissions target.
There is no doubt in my mind that rooftop solar plays a crucial role in that.
I support the notion behind the Bill.
The Government are already working on future standards, particularly on the technical detail of solar, to ensure that they are  appropriate.
That will ensure that new homes and buildings embrace energy efficiency and are fit for a net zero future, and I look forward to the Government introducing those standards this year.
I thank the hon.
Member for Cheltenham for raising this important issue in the House today.
People in my constituency are passionate about protecting our environment, and they know that if we are to do that, we need to produce more renewable energy.
However, in North East Hampshire, as in many other areas of the UK, we are also protective of our arable farming land, which is so essential for our food security.
Passing the sunshine Bill, which has been brought to the House by my hon.