We waste gallons and gallons of water off the rooftops of this country, which of course cannot then soak into the land because we have covered it in tarmac, so it is not replenishing the aquifers.
That water ought to be used for flushing lavatories and matters that do not require potable water.
Again, I think there is a trick that may have been missed.
Quite clearly, what is going to happen is that the developers and the builders will scream like stuck pigs.
For why?
Let us take a development in Herne Bay in my constituency.
I will not name the developer, because I would hate to upset Taylor Wimpey, but it has avoided installing electric vehicle charging points because there is a bit of wriggle room—the amount that it would add  to the cost of the property—that allows it to get off the hook.
I do not doubt that installing solar panels initially would add to the first purchase price of the property, which of course might eat into profit, and we would hate to see that.
But this is essential.
We have to do this, and it is long past time.
I notice that the Bill gives 2026 as the start date; I can see no reason whatsoever why we should not start immediately and say that, from now on, every new build should be fitted with photovoltaic panels.
There is another issue, which is the design of the technology.
We all know that retrofitted solar panels are pretty unattractive—hideous, to be blunt about it.
It surprises me that, in this day and age, those developing this technology have not gone far enough and fast enough to develop attractive panels that are simply roofs like any other roof.
It has got to be possible to develop a photovoltaic tile that could be used on listed buildings, but that has not happened.
I just want to advise the right hon.
Member that several products of the type he is referencing are available on the market at the moment.
If the hon.
Gentleman can tell me of a photovoltaic tile that is acceptable to the people who are enforcing regulations relating to listed buildings, I would be delighted to hear it.
That is what I was trying to come on to before I was interrupted.
Kent, a wonderful county, has very many grade II listed buildings, and at present, it is not permitted to use solar panels—or solar tiles, as I would like to see them—on those listed buildings.
It is not even permitted on other buildings, outbuildings, cottages or whatever within the curtilage of a listed building.
That rules out a considerable quantity of property that can and should accommodate solar panels.
King’s College in Cambridge, one of the oldest and most prestigious heritage buildings, now has a fine array of solar panels that it managed to get through planning permission.
Does the right hon.
Member agree that what we need in planning terms is for material weight to be given to climate change, as well as conservation status?
That is where the crux of the matter is.
It would allow all those who are responsible for listed homes or who have homes in conservation areas to do energy efficiency in the right way.
Up to a point, I agree with the hon.
Lady, but only up to a point.
I do not want to see the fine buildings of Kent smothered in hideous installations, so we have to find a way technically of making the panels acceptable.
I accept entirely that retrofitting is much harder than new build.
It is possible to inset photovoltaic panels into a new roof on a new build, but it is much harder to retrofit it attractively.