To that end, it makes sense to prioritise rooftop solar ahead of greenfield sites.
Some 60% of UK solar targets could be delivered on rooftops by 2035.
Generating energy at the source reduces the strain on the national grid, improves overall energy resilience and reduces the need for long, wasteful grid connections
Generating energy at the source reduces the strain on the national grid, improves overall energy resilience and reduces the need for long, wasteful grid connections or ranks of electricity pylons marching across our countryside.
Retrofitting solar panels to houses is costly and disruptive; it is so much more efficient and effective to install solar at the time of building.
In Europe, they get this.
The EU solar standard requires solar panels on new and existing public, commercial and residential buildings.
The EU’s goal is to increase the use of renewable energy and reduce dependence on Russian fossil fuels, and it is working.
To me, the sunshine Bill is a win-win-win.
It is a win for the UK, reducing our need for imported energy sources and improving our resilience and self-reliance; it is a win for householders, who can reduce their energy bills by generating their own electricity; and it is a win for the planet, supporting our transition away from fossil fuels.
I will wholeheartedly support the sunshine Bill.
I thank  the hon.
Member for Cheltenham (Max Wilkinson)  for bringing forward this Bill, which deals with an issue that matters deeply to my constituents and to me.
This winter we have seen the devastating impact that climate change  can have on communities, and colleagues and I have watched in horror as wildfires have spread through California and flooding has impacted my constituency and many areas across the UK.
Now, more than ever, we must find ways to weave the pursuit of clean, home-grown energy into everything we do, and solar power will make a vital contribution.
I have had the pleasure of visiting many local schools in Kettering since being elected.
On every visit, children have told me that they are worried about our local environment and the future of our world, and I feel those worries too.
I was proud to stand on a manifesto that promised to make Britain a clean energy superpower, and which pledged to double onshore wind, triple solar power and quadruple offshore wind by 2030.
I am even prouder to see the progress that this Labour Government have already made in delivering on those pledges.
Only two weeks after the election, when most of us, including me, still did not know the way from the Chamber to Portcullis House, the Secretary of State lifted the ban on onshore wind, established the 2030 mission control centre and consented to solar projects that will generate more than 1.3 GW—enough to power almost 400,000 homes.
This is clearly a Government of delivery, who are working to drive forward and increase rooftop solar, which, where appropriate, will help accommodate the Government’s 2030 clean power mission.
The potential for rooftop solar is huge, especially in constituencies such as mine, which is one of the fastest-growing areas in the UK and, of course, where the sun always shines.
I have been contacted by many constituents about this issue, and they support the Government’s aim to achieve 95% clean energy by 2030.
I understand their desire for solar and the need for it on new builds, warehouses and the ground, so I am glad that this Government have committed to ensuring that local communities continue to have a voice in planning matters, and that communities hosting clean energy infrastructure will benefit from it.
The speed of house building in Kettering means that we are no strangers to irresponsible and difficult developers, so our commitments to the environment must go hand in hand with planning.