Gentleman every success; it can be a long journey.
Will he say more about the impact of solar panels on the environment and the green belt?
In the shift towards using more solar panels, I fear many of the panels will be installed on prime agricultural land.
I am disappointed that in Walsall, the planning inspector has just given permission for a battery storage facility on the edge of my constituency, right by a conservation area.
I feel strongly that we need to look at alternative places for solar panels in order to protect communities and our green belt.
The right hon.
Lady is entirely right.
She and Members across the House will have noted that the Campaign to Protect Rural England has taken a strong interest in this issue and in the Bill, for precisely the reasons she describes, with which I have a lot of sympathy.
Efficient use of land and space in this country is extremely important.
If we are to achieve the new home building targets that the Government have set out, we must ensure that new build homes are equipped for the challenges of the future, which include climate change and looking after our environment.
If we do not change the standards for new housing stock, we not only miss an economic opportunity but put the environment at risk.
The Government’s own advisory body, the Climate Change Committee, has advised that the UK will not meet  its emissions targets without the “near complete decarbonisation” of housing stock.
That is why it is so important that the new Government, specifically the Secretary of State for Energy and Climate Change, have moved the conversation along, not least as shown by the answer to a question that I asked the right hon.
Gentleman before Christmas, in which he said he was “very sympathetic” to the case for mandatory solar panels on new build homes.
He is right.
The case for updating the regulations is irrefutable.
The regulations that govern building work are set out in the Building Act 1984, which is the year I was born, and  the Building Regulations 2010, which is so long ago that Members will be disturbed to learn that I still had a large Brylcreem bill in those days.
The previous Government consulted on the future homes standard, but we were not able to respond before the general election.
It is heartening that the current Government have promised a response and to pick up that work.
There will of course be strong pushback from some developers, who will default to thinking about profit only.
I understand that profit motive, but I urge developers to think about the planet and what their customers are demanding.
I am pleased to see the Bill in the House today, but am not quite so entranced by the hon.
Member’s puns, or by his making me feel completely and utterly ancient.
Setting aside that niggle, on a serious point, does he agree that it is important for us to have a secure supply chain for solar panels, and that we eliminate the use of solar panels built by Uyghur people subject to forced labour in China?
The hon.
Member makes a very reasonable point.
We need to be clear that our supply chains in this country are free from slave labour.
That is a matter for Government procurement rules, and I understand that measures on that will come to the House in due course.
As I was saying, I understand the developers’ motives and why some will push back, but developers know what we all know, which is that the technology already exists and that implementing the measures in the sunshine Bill will be relatively straightforward for them.
Solar panel technology has been available for many years and the construction industry is accustomed to working with it.
Mandating installation at the construction stage is logical; it removes the burden from homeowners, and places the responsibility with the developer.