I refer Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Just after the general election, Ministers made the shock decision that the Sunnica solar farm in Ely and East Cambridgeshire would go ahead, despite the planning  inspector’s recommendation that it should not.
The farm will cover a vast area of our green space, using up prime farming land—land that could be set aside for the benefit of nature, and land that we might have used to build much-needed new homes.
No sooner had that solar farm got permission than the lovely glossy leaflets for the next one came through the door about the next consultation, on an even bigger solar farm across my constituency, and others.
Yet, as we have heard, we have acres and acres of roof space that we could put solar panels on.
Why are we not doing that?
A couple of years ago, I was on a planning committee visit to a new housing estate that was being built, and I noticed that there was just one, or sometimes two, solar panel on each roof.
I said to the developer, “Why just one or two?
That’s hardly making a dent in things.”
His answer was, “That was all we were required to do.”
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests, because I am a councillor on Mid Sussex district council.
Some four years ago, I was sitting in training on a cross-party basis with Conservatives, Greens, Independents and Liberal Democrats, and we asked our planning officers, “Why can’t we mandate that all new builds have solar panels on the roof?”
We were told that we were not allowed to, because it was not in the NPPF as it stood at that time.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that, in order to make the case for house building and tackle the housing emergency, we need to be able to convince the public that we are building high-quality houses that are fit for a climate crisis and that are energy efficient to reduce bills?
I entirely agree.
We had a similar frustration when looked at revising our local plan, because we wanted to put things in about energy efficiency.
South Oxfordshire and Vale of White Horse district councils’ brilliant new joint local plan proposes that new homes should be net zero, with solar being the obvious way of delivering that, but that ambitious plan is now sat with the Government inspector, and we are in his hands.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that local authorities should be empowered to deliver on their net zero ambitions?
I agree, because we were advised that we could not do what we wanted with our local plan, as it would have gone beyond the national planning policy framework.
The local community want to do it, so we should be empowered to do it.
I entirely support the Bill, because it would make so much sense to everybody if we were to make sure that all new builds had adequate solar panels on them or, where appropriate, an alternative form of green energy production, so that people end up with houses that are not destroying the climate and where they can actually afford their fuel bills.
It is quite a long time ago now, but I remember when I bought my first house.
I had carefully planned out all the costs to determine whether I could afford the mortgage and everything else, and then the winter came, I started getting my fuel bills and I thought, “Oops, this is a bit difficult.”
I do not want that to happen to people.
I want them to move into their new house and have low energy bills.
It is not in this Bill, but the Government have the power to do this: we must make retrofitting solar panels a good deal easier.