I refer to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests; my former colleagues at the MCS Foundation have provided research in support of the Bill.
I want to pick up on the hon.
Gentleman’s point about timescales, because in my experience this issue is the one that is raised most commonly by residents wanting to see action.
Why on earth, they say, are new homes being put up without solar panels on them?
Time is of the essence, but is it not the case that we have already lost many opportunities to progress?
Regulations were due to come into force in 2016 that would have required all new homes to have zero carbon standards.
Those regulations were scrapped by the coalition Government. [
Hon.
Members: “No, they weren’t.”]
The briefing I have had says that they were scrapped in 2014. [
Interruption.]
Either way, I am pleased to see cross-party support today to press ahead with this proposal at speed.
Does the hon.
Gentleman agree that speed is of the essence here to ensure that homes are not being put up without solar panels?
I thank the Minister for his generous words.
Although I accept that I will not be cracking open a beer this evening to celebrate the Bill’s passing—perhaps a bottle of Corona—this has been an important debate and it has demonstrated consensus across the House, save for the local difficulties of the shadow Minister,  the hon.
Member for Hamble Valley (Paul Holmes) , which we should not go into again.
A range of views were expressed about the energy mix.
My view is that we need a mix of energy generation that includes all the things discussed today.
I am pleased to hear that the matter will be up for future discussion and I look forward to working on it with the Government—particularly on the important point of applying pressure to developers in a way that gets the pragmatic outcome that we all deserve.
I thank all Members for their contributions to the discussion.
The debate stood adjourned (Standing order No.
11(2)).
Ordered, That the debate be resumed on  Friday 11 July .
I wholeheartedly agree.
There are some incredibly cool alternatives to loud fireworks, and the general public really like them.
A YouGov survey recently said that drones are more popular than fireworks in the UK, and we have seen some fantastic drone displays.
There are also low-noise fireworks, but the general public still do not know quite what they are buying at the moment.
I would hazard a guess that not many people would know—until they became as nerdy as me about fireworks—the difference between an F2 and an F3 firework.
We need to enable, encourage and educate responsible members of the public on what they are buying and on the alternatives.
There is a challenge there for the fireworks lobby, which needs to diversify.
There is a hunger among the public and consumers for quieter fireworks and increased use of technology such as drones.
We need to see change now, because the public are behind us—
The Deputy Speaker interrupted the business ( Standing Order No.
11(2) ).
Ordered, That the debate be resumed on  Friday 25 April .
The First Deputy Chairman of Ways and Means took the Chair as Deputy Speaker ( Standing Order No.
3 ).
I beg to move, That the House sit in private.
Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No.
163 ) and negatived.
Second Reading
I beg to move, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
I move the Bill with sunshine in my heart.
I am an environmentalist, I have fought for years to improve the housing market in my town of Cheltenham, and I strongly believe that we all deserve a fairer deal on the cost of living.