A third of our solar generation capacity already comes from rooftop solar, it is an important part of the energy generation mix and I know that the Government fully believe in rooftop solar, as I do.
The hon.
Member talks a lot about the measures that are being put forward in the move towards net zero, but we need to go further.
CPRE Hertfordshire says that 60% of our targets could be achieved through rooftop solar panels alone, and supporting the Bill will help to make sure that that revolution helps towards net zero for our planet and our people.
I thank the hon.
Member for her intervention, and I will cover some of those points shortly.
I broadly agree with the sentiment of what she said.
The Bill’s aims, in promoting the installation of solar panels on all new homes, feed into the Government’s overall intent, and I am pleased about that.
I note, however, that it is undeniable that solar farms, especially the larger ones, are much more efficient than rooftop solar for a whole spectrum of reasons.
Rooftop solar panels are constrained by the size, orientation and  structural limitations of individual buildings, while solar farms are optimised for maximum energy generation.
The difference in output can be as high as 30%.
Economies of scale mean that the cost to install, maintain and centralise the supportive infrastructure notably reduces the ratio of cost per unit of energy generated by solar farms.
That is not to say that I do not support rooftop solar, because I very much do, but solar farms are a highly scalable, cost-effective means through which to achieve the green energy transition.
Is that not exactly the point—we need to do both, because that creates a subsidy for more opportunities to have rooftop solar panels?
I completely agree.
It is not about one solution versus another, but a diverse, broad array of solutions, all feeding into a grand, greener future.
The hon.
Gentleman talks about a balance.
My view is that solar is better on rooftops, but if he is so pro-solar installations, how many thousand acres in his constituency is he actively campaigning to see turned into ground-mounted solar?
I must say that I declare my support for those projects wherever they come up.
Indeed, I will touch on some of them in a moment.
I was recently asked by the media whether I would be happy to have pylons outside my house, to which I responded with a photograph of a pylon taken from a window in my house.
I have long felt that despite the great benefits solar farms bring, they have often been too difficult to bring forward.
The UK has around 15 GW of solar energy generation capacity.
In Germany, meanwhile, solar capacity grew by 14 GW in 2023 alone.
It is clear that the UK’s current planning regime and approach to building infrastructure constrains growth and sees us lag behind similar nations.
If we want Britain to be a clean energy superpower, as I do, and leading the green energy revolution rather than just following it, we must tear down the barriers to growth and unlock our potential.
In my constituency, my Labour colleagues on Erewash borough council have, in their own small, local way, helped to be part of the change that we need.
Since taking control of the council in 2023, they have approved several solar farms, while the previous Conservative administration always blocked them, and I am very proud of my colleagues for doing so.
I was also very proud to tell the now Energy Secretary that information when he visited Erewash this time last year.
The progression of these vital infrastructure projects, which are pivotal to the future of our country, must be driven by a national strategy and not held up by bureaucracy.
As I have said, the Bill’s proposals are laudable.