The need for us to embrace solar power as part of a suite of energy technologies for a sustainable future  is clear.
Alongside offshore wind and underpinned by storage using green hydrogen, solar photovoltaic is a key technology for the UK to decarbonise its electricity and all the sectors and use cases that we electrify.
While the use of land for solar generation is rightly contended, we have a vast and perfectly designed, yet barely tapped, resource on our rooftops.
Residents in my constituency are aghast that a mega 840 MW solar farm is being proposed by the Blenheim estate, which, people believe, has not allowed solar panels to be placed on the houses it has developed in the area.
Does the hon.
Member agree that placing solar panels on the roofs of houses is a much better way to diversify solar panels and build the community consent for the renewable transition that is part of the Government’s mission?
I fully agree.
Many people have told me that, intuitively, they would like solar to be put on roofs first.
I think there is strong consensus that that should be our direction.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Sittingbourne and Sheppey (Kevin McKenna)  talked about some of the challenges of retrofitting.
We need to listen to the social science, harness new initiatives such as GB Energy and activate local authorities to empower ordinary people to retrofit solar.
We must develop ways for people to easily access trusted partners to help them decarbonise their homes and save money as a result.
The average price to install solar panels post build is somewhere between £5,000 and £8,000.
The majority of people do not have that kind of cash stuck down the back of the sofa.
Does the hon.
Member agree that supporting the Bill is an investment both in our environment and in reducing energy bills for all new homeowners, not just those who have the cash to do so?
I agree.
As we face a transition in a range of technologies—my professional background is in heat—it is important that we put consumers at the heart of that and ensure that it works for them, and that we find ways to make it accessible, easy, affordable and beneficial to embrace new technologies.
There are new business models available that can help us do that—heat as a service, for example—and we need to embrace those.
But whatever we do as we navigate the transition, it is vital that we put people at the heart of what we build.
Having worked in the energy sector for 20 years, there is one comment that I have heard, and uttered myself, very many times—more than I can possibly count: “We should be putting solar on every new home.”
There are very few no-brainers in politics, but if any exist, surely that is one of them.
We have the opportunity to make a crucial change, to stop growing the problem and start solving it.
Putting solar power on every new home will save people money.
It will boost our national renewable capacity.
It will be a crucial step in our mission for clean energy.
And it will mean that for our children, who hope for a better future for people and our planet, we can begin to deliver the homes that they have always dreamed of.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cheltenham (Max Wilkinson)  for introducing the Bill.
I refer Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Just after the general election, Ministers made the shock decision that the Sunnica solar farm in Ely and East Cambridgeshire would go ahead, despite the planning  inspector’s recommendation that it should not.
The farm will cover a vast area of our green space, using up prime farming land—land that could be set aside for the benefit of nature, and land that we might have used to build much-needed new homes.