We need a comprehensive renewal that brings in not just better housing, but the opportunity to leapfrog several stages in environmental learning and energy production, and ensures that energy production is brought into the heart of towns in my constituency and those of other hon.
Members.
My hon.
Friend is speaking with great passion about his constituents—that is always great to hear.
When it comes to new homes, we must consider their efficiency from top to bottom.
The Bill will add solar panels to new homes—we all welcome that, and I am happy to support it—but we must go further by ensuring that our homes are as efficient, warm and cheap to heat as  possible.
In Scotland, the private Member’s Bill introduced by Alex Rowley MSP could mean that all homes in Scotland are built to the Passivhaus standard, which I think is the gold standard right now.
Does my hon.
Friend think that we should aspire to that?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for coming in on that point, and I very much agree.
Although my constituency is generally not quite as cold and damp as parts of Scotland, it is pretty cold and damp, and when the wind comes along the Swale it can get quite cold, as people who live in north Kent will know.
The quality of housing stock, including insulation, needs attention.
That is what I mean by a comprehensive picture; it is about not just power generation, but ensuring that we do not waste power and that the effect is ultimately felt in people’s pockets.
I know that other Members will talk with greater expertise and in greater depth about things happening in their constituencies and the opportunities that they see, and I look forward to listening to them.
As we move forward, we must learn from past mistakes and from current great practice, and ensure that these policies actually work, unlike in the false starts of the past.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Cheltenham (Max Wilkinson)  on his good fortune in securing a place in the ballot in order to introduce what is, without doubt, a very important Bill.
I am, however, concerned about the scope of the Bill, and I will come to that in a moment, if I may—I do not propose to take very long.
For many years, I have consistently opposed the installation of solar farms—of course, they are not farms at all—on agricultural land.
In east Kent, we are losing grade 1 agricultural land far too frequently, both to development and to be used for solar power generation.
It is completely unnecessary.
As I have said many times, both in this House and outside it, we have acres and acres of rooftops in public ownership, on public buildings—schools, hospitals and prisons—in addition to acres of car park space, which the French would be covering in solar panels.
If we use all of that, I can see no need whatsoever to use for these purposes fine agricultural land that should be used for growing crops for feeding people.
That is why I think that the scope of the Bill, good though it may be, does not go far enough.
We must look, not just at new build, but at what exists and what can and should be done.
By the bye, I would go a stage further and say that we should not only be looking at solar panels, but at grey water systems.
We waste gallons and gallons of water off the rooftops of this country, which of course cannot then soak into the land because we have covered it in tarmac, so it is not replenishing the aquifers.
That water ought to be used for flushing lavatories and matters that do not require potable water.
Again, I think there is a trick that may have been missed.