Does the hon.
Lady agree with Tom Bradshaw, president of the National Farmers’ Union, that solar farms represent a diversification opportunity for farmers that will also be good for the British public?
I thank the hon.
Member for the good points she raises, but I would like to see more solar panel installations that are motivated not by profit, but by concern for people and planet.
That is my concern about some of the very large solar installations we are seeing proposed across the country, including in my constituency of South Cotswolds.
We are rightly proud of our beautiful countryside, so a proposal for a 2,000-acre solar farm has provoked outrage and objections from nearby communities.
Some 88% of respondents to an early consultation are against the plans.
Some might say that their sacrifice is necessary for the greater good, but when I put myself in the shoes of nearby residents, I cannot agree.
I love my morning walks, which help to keep me sane—well, relatively.
We need to be encouraging people to spend more time enjoying the outdoors, with all its benefits for mental and physical health, as well as strengthening the relationship between humans and the rest of nature.
When I consider how I would feel if my cherished morning walk, through green fields, was instead going to be a walk through fields of black, shiny solar panels, past humming battery storage facilities, I would not be happy.
Let us keep our countryside beautiful.
It adds insult to injury for the people of Hullavington, Luckington and Sherston to see massive new warehouses and new homes springing up with not a solar panel in sight.
We need to meet our environmental goals in collaboration with people, not in opposition to them.
My Climate and Nature Bill, which I will introduce next week, emphasises the need for public engagement on our journey to net zero.
That journey will not be easy and will only be made  more difficult if people feel that net zero is something that is being imposed on them, by corporate interests or Government, without respect for the wishes of nearby residents.
Where ground-mounted solar may be necessary, let us make it small scale and community led.
The Government’s housing targets mean that my area needs 9,500 new homes over the next 20 years, which thousands of my constituents are very worried about.
Many of them would be far happier if they knew that the properties being built would meet the needs of local people, by being affordable to buy and cheap to run.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the New Homes (Solar Generation) Bill is not only a no-brainer, but an essential part of gaining public support for house building?
I wholeheartedly agree with my hon.
Friend.
We also need to increase our national food security, decreasing our reliance on vulnerable international food supply chains and depending more on home-grown food, grown to trusted standards.
Most farmers want to grow food, not solar panels.
The need for a national land use framework is becoming ever more pressing.
We need a sensible long-term strategy for how we use our finite resource of land space in this country.
I would like to see a much greater emphasis on multipurposing our land area.
We need to get away from dividing up food production, housing and electricity generation.
We can make much better use of our land when we take a multilayered approach.
To that end, it makes sense to prioritise rooftop solar ahead of greenfield sites.
Some 60% of UK solar targets could be delivered on rooftops by 2035.
Generating energy at the source reduces the strain on the national grid, improves overall energy resilience and reduces the need for long, wasteful grid connections
Generating energy at the source reduces the strain on the national grid, improves overall energy resilience and reduces the need for long, wasteful grid connections or ranks of electricity pylons marching across our countryside.