As part of our wider work  to get dangerous and lethal weapons off Britain’s streets, we will shortly publish our response to that consultation, setting out how we plan to go further to limit the availability and accessibility of crossbows in this country.
Mr Speaker, I am very grateful to you for granting this urgent question after the harrowing attack in Headingley on Saturday.
My community is still reeling in shock and disbelief at the horrific act of violence that occurred in our midst on Saturday afternoon.
I begin by expressing my concern and sending my best wishes for the recovery of the two women who were harmed in the egregious attack this weekend.
I also express my gratitude for the heroic efforts of the members of the public and of our local community who intervened.
The details of how they helped are still emerging, but I already know that without them, we may have had a far worse tragedy.
I also thank all the emergency services and Leeds city council for their swift response, and for ensuring that the situation was brought under control and isolated.
The fact that this most heinous crime was committed against two women is not lost on anyone, and I thank West Yorkshire police for committing to increase its presence in the area and working to ensure the safety of women and girls.
The response to this horrific attack is a testament to the Headingley community, Leeds, and the people of West Yorkshire.
Our community is strong and we will show that we remain united.
We will not allow this to divide us.
The key suspect was carrying a range of lethal weapons when the attack was carried out, and the two victims were both shot by crossbows, a weapon that has been used in murders before.
I know that the Home Office issued a call for evidence on strengthening controls on crossbows on public safety grounds, which ran from  14 February  to  9 April  last year.
Will the Minister now publish a response on providing further controls on the use, ownership and supply of crossbows after Saturday’s horrifying attack?
We need to see action taken on those lethal weapons.
Police inquiries are ongoing, but we know that this is a critical incident and that the lead force is Counter Terrorism Policing.
The fact that an individual was able to plan and carry out such a vile, hideous attack on two women requires us to ask questions about how our intelligence gathering operated prior to the attack.
Can the Minister reassure me, my community and the House that there will be a thorough investigation into what intelligence gathering had been undertaken on the suspect, and whether lessons can be learned for the safety and security of the public?
I pay tribute once more to the local community in the area that I am proud to call home, and thank them for their bravery and kindness, as I do to our excellent emergency services in West Yorkshire.
I thank my hon.
Friend for those comments.
He is absolutely right to pay tribute to the community, the members of the public who came forward when the attack was happening and the emergency services, who, as ever, run towards danger when many others run in the opposite direction.
It is absolutely right that we pay tribute in the way that he has done.
I hope that my response to his urgent question offered  him some reassurance about the Government’s approach towards crossbows and what more we want to do.
As I said, we will shortly publish our response to the consultation that took place last year.
The investigation is under way; I know that it will be thorough and comprehensive, and that all the issues he raised will be looked at.
I call the shadow Minister.
Everybody will have found the reports about this incident, which was of great severity, deeply concerning.