Parents have the right to request wraparound holiday childcare places, and we updated the relevant guidance this year.
We want to ensure that all children receive the support that they need, and that applies to childcare for SEND children aged up to 18.
The last Government left SEND education throughout the country in crisis.
The National Audit Office found that there was no consistent improvement in outcomes from 2019 onwards.
I saw that  at first hand when I met Calder Valley parents of SEND children at Highbury School in Rastrick, where I saw committed parents and teachers struggling with a failed system.
What will my right hon.
Friend do to fix the mess that the last Government made of the system?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his passion and interest in this subject.
Let me also congratulate him on his efforts in yesterday’s London marathon: he is not only a brilliant advocate for children, but a fantastic runner.
He is right to say that this Labour Government have inherited a terrible mess when it comes to support with children with SEND.
We want all children to have the support that they need in order to achieve and thrive, and as part of the wholesale reform that we will deliver, we will listen to parents, children, stakeholders and schools to ensure that we get the system right for children and deliver better outcomes, and that issues such as those identified by my hon.
Friend are a thing of the past.
I thank the Secretary of State for her answer to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bridlington and The Wolds (Charlie Dewhirst) , but each child with special educational needs in the East Riding receives £968, whereas in Camden the figure is £3,564.
I am sure she agrees that a child in Camden does not have four times the need of a child in the East Riding.
Will she undertake to ensure, as part of the review, that in principle we will have fairer funding for children throughout the country with educational needs related to, for instance, dyslexia or autism at the end of that process, as opposed to where we sit now?
The right hon.
Gentleman brings real expertise to this issue, and I know that he also cares deeply about ensuring that we get the system right for children with SEND.
Our allocations were made on the basis of the funding formulas that were already in place.
We intend to look carefully at all these matters as part of our wider reform of the SEND system, but, as the right hon.
Gentleman will appreciate, they are complex, and it is important for any change to be made in a way that is responsible and focused on better outcomes for children.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
The crisis in the SEND system is a source of distress for parents and children who have to fight far too hard for support, and for professionals working in local authorities and schools who face an extremely challenging funding situation.
Does the Secretary of State agree that in this context blaming parents and GPs for the increase in the number of SEND diagnoses, as some Reform party politicians have done in recent days, is both inaccurate and insulting, and that solving the SEND crisis requires listening to parents and professionals rather than denigrating them?
I could not agree more, and I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend and the other members of her Committee for the important work that they are doing through their inquiry on this matter.
We look forward to hearing more from them in due course.
My hon.
Friend is entirely right: just days before the local elections, the comments of  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  will have sent shivers down the spines of so many parents throughout the country.
His comments were completely irresponsible and totally wrong.