Friend to contact his local authority to discuss this matter further.
I have met children who have experienced significant trauma, who are not in full-time education and who are supported through the adoption and special guardianship support fund.
On  1 April , the Government announced that that funding would continue, which was welcome.
However, on  14 April , it was announced that funding would be reduced by 40%, capping the support at £3,000 per child for the academic year.
That reduction will be devastating for families and therapy providers.
Does the Minister agree that without proper funding enabling specialist support, we risk placement breakdowns and increased pressure on already stretched mental health services?
This Government are committed to breaking down barriers to opportunity so that every child can succeed and thrive.
The Under-Secretary of State for Education, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lewisham East (Janet Daby)  who is responsible for this area, has committed in the House to £50 million of funding for this programme.
She will have heard the question and will respond in due course.
I call the shadow Minister.
Having told this House in answer to an urgent question from  the hon.
Member for Twickenham (Munira Wilson)  that the adoption and special guardianship support fund would continue, Ministers somehow did not manage to mention that the funding per child would be cut by 40%.
They then slipped that out during recess.
Meanwhile, Ministers will spend £90 million on advertising.
Can they at least agree to publish the impact assessment on cutting what is available from this fund?
As I said, this Government are committed to breaking down barriers to opportunity.
We will take no lectures from the Conservatives.
They have absolutely no plan for education, other than to reintroduce private school VAT reductions. [
Interruption.]
What?
When will the Government publish the impact assessment?
We will respond in due course to those issues.
What recent assessment her Department has made of the adequacy of local authority funding for SEND.
What steps she is taking to ensure sustainable funding for SEND provision in schools.
This Labour Government inherited a lose, lose, lose SEND system, in the words of the Tories’ last Education Secretary, but we have invested an additional £1 billion in high needs budgets and £740 million to pave the way for pupils with SEND to achieve and thrive in mainstream schools.
Just last week in Derbyshire, I met families with experience of the SEND system who had been badly failed by the Tory county council.
This Labour Government know that the SEND system needs far-reaching reform to deliver better life chances for all our children.
The Secretary of State is well aware that the East Riding of Yorkshire receives the lowest level of funding for children with SEND, and I hope that the current review gives the Government an opportunity to rectify that.
On a wider point, parents like me often look ahead to the school holidays with a sense of dread, because the provision for out-of-school activities for children with SEND is so limited and what is available is often expensive.
As part of this review, will she look at what more can be done by local authorities to provide opportunities for young people with SEND outside term time?
I know that the hon.
Gentleman cares deeply about this issue, and brings real passion and determination to trying to ensure that all children, including those with SEND, are given the support that they require.
For the purpose of wider reform, I will look carefully at the funding issues that he has identified and also at the issue of broader support.
Parents have the right to request wraparound holiday childcare places, and we updated the relevant guidance this year.
We want to ensure that all children receive the support that they need, and that applies to childcare for SEND children aged up to 18.
The last Government left SEND education throughout the country in crisis.