Officials have been working closely with the school to ensure they are accommodated in the right way, but my hon.
Friend raises a really important point about how a school built eight years ago is crumbling, and indeed all the schools across the country that are crumbling, after 14 years of a Tory Government that did not prioritise education.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Not only has the Education Secretary introduced a Bill to this place that will destroy standards in English schools, but now she has broken her promises on national insurance contributions compensation and is leaving schools in an impossible funding situation.
Every MP has heard from headteachers who are stressed beyond belief at how to manage their funding.
Can the Secretary of State guarantee that worried headteachers up and down the country will not have to make teachers redundant because of her broken promises: yes or no?
The right hon.
Lady has a firmer grip on anonymous briefings in the papers than on the details of the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill.
She is more focused on petty political games in Westminster than on improving the lives of children and families up and down the country.
The Bill will get qualified teachers in front of classrooms.
It will teach a cutting-edge curriculum.
It will drive down the costs of sending children to school.
It will provide breakfast clubs for children who need them.
It will stop vulnerable children falling through the cracks.
It is a single most important piece of child protection legislation in a generation.
The Conservatives voted against it.
They can snipe from the sidelines; we will get on with delivering change.
Let us have another marathon runner to ask the next question.
What steps she is taking to help increase the number of teachers trained in the provision of SEND education.
Improving the quality of teaching is the best way to drive up standards in schools, which is why the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill will get expert teachers in front of the classroom, driving high and rising standards.
We are improving teacher training so that teachers are equipped to properly support pupils with SEND to achieve and thrive, but we know there is more to do.
We are paving the way for far-reaching reforms through our plan for change.
I thank the Minister for her reply.
Two excellent teachers in my constituency—both experts in special educational needs provision—set up an organisation called the Mighty Oak Initiative, whose work is focused on helping young people with special educational needs who are not attending school at the moment, either not fully or at all.
Its work is exemplary.
Would the Minister meet Mighty Oak and myself to look at how we can support the organisation, learn from what it does and apply it elsewhere so that young people with special educational needs can get the best out of their educational experience, rather than being left on the sidelines?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question, and congratulate him on being on his feet after running the London marathon.
We are absolutely committed to improving attendance rates of all children, but particularly those with SEND, and to addressing challenges in the school setting to ensure that children have the support to achieve and thrive.
I would be happy to engage with him on any good practice in this area that can support us in our endeavours.
In Derby, like in so many communities across the country, we face a lack of available SEND school placements with appropriately trained teachers.
In ’23-24 alone, Derby city council spent £18 million on placements outside the city.
It is wrong that pupils and their families are not getting the support that they need in their communities.
Will the Minister outline what steps the Government are taking to increase the availability of SEND school places in Derby, in the east midlands and across the UK?