What steps her Department is taking to support the mental health and wellbeing of school students.
This Government are committed to breaking down barriers to opportunity and helping pupils to achieve and thrive in education.
We are providing access to specialist mental health professionals in every school so that every child and young person has access to early support, to address problems before they escalate.
In my constituency I am in touch with a family of a child who has complex needs and severe mental health issues, who has not been able to go to school for a whole year.
The child’s deteriorating mental health needs are not being met, because they have not been given a school that fits their child and adolescent mental health services assessment.
Has the Minister made an assessment of how the Department might best avoid situations such as that, which leave children without the services they need?
We will deliver on our commitment on mental health to make sure that it reaches every child.
I am very happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman to discuss the specific case that he raises.
Admissions to acute medical wards for children and young people with mental health concerns increased by 65% between 2012 and 2022.
Given that gaining parity of esteem between mental health and physical health is so important, will the Minister update us on the talks with the NHS about ensuring that there is mental health provision and support in every school?
I know my hon.
Friend is a real champion of these issues.
We will recruit an additional 8,500 new mental health staff to treat children and adults, as well as open new Young Futures hubs, which will provide support for children and young people across the country.
The Department also provides a range of guidance and resources on promoting and supporting pupils’ mental health and wellbeing, and I thank him for his question.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Addictive algorithms that serve up harmful content are fuelling the children’s mental health crisis, as well as worrying behaviour both inside and outside the classroom.
With almost two thirds of children having a social media account by the end of year 7, will Ministers commit to working with their counterparts in the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology to support the Liberal Democrats’ amendment to the Data (Use and Access) Bill, which would stop tech companies trading on our children’s attention by raising the digital age of data consent from 13 to 16, so that they cannot process children’s data to feed toxic algorithms without parental consent?
Protecting children from online harm is a cross-Government priority, and Ofcom’s draft code of practice for child safety sets out why it is so important that we continue with our efforts to protect children.
From July, the child online safety regime will be fully in force, and Ofcom will be able to take robust enforcement action against those failing to comply with the child safety duties.
I know the DSIT Secretary of State will want to look very closely at any future further proposals.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of increased school costs on the adequacy of school funding for 2025-26.
What estimate she has made of the potential impact of increases in employer’s national insurance contributions on the number of teachers employed in schools.
What estimate she has made of the potential impact of increases in employer’s national insurance contributions on the number of teachers employed in schools.
What estimate she has made of the potential impact of increases in employer’s national insurance contributions on the number of teachers employed in schools.
The Tories left a trail of devastation across our schools, with buildings crumbling and teachers leaving in their droves.
Through taking tough decisions at the Budget to fix the foundations, Labour has been able to increase school funding by over £3.2 billion.