She was just nine months old.
Despite claims that the nursery was safe, Gigi’s death was entirely preventable.
Gigi’s parents, John and Katie, are now campaigning for changes in the law around nursery safety.
Will the Secretary of State meet me, Gigi’s parents and the Lullaby Trust to talk through this campaign and commit to helping to ensure that this tragic story is never repeated?
Every incident of harm of a child, including this tragic case, is incredibly distressing.
I am committed to doing everything possible to reduce levels of harm as part of our mission to give every child the best start in life.
I would of course welcome a meeting with the hon.
Member and Gigi’s parents.
A number of families have contacted me to share their concerns about the impact of the delays to the adoption and special guardianship support fund and the cuts to the service, describing the very real and distressing strain on them.
What consideration has the Department given to addressing their challenges, and what steps are being taken to ensure that adoptive families receive the timely support they so desperately need?
As my hon.
Friend will be aware, we are providing £50 million through the adoption and special guardianship support fund.
We are also funding Adoption England with £8.8 million to improve adoption services.
This includes new support for the first 12 to 18 months after placement and better support for families in crisis.
Adoptive families may also access mainstream family health services, and we are doubling the investment in these services to over £500 million.
The pay review bodies have recommended a 4% pay rise for school staff.
Will the Department for Education pay 4%, and will that really be expected to come from existing school budgets?
We will set out our approach to the recommendations in the usual way, but I say to the hon.
Gentleman that one of the very first acts of this incoming Labour Government was to accept the previous recommendation to fund the 5.5% pay award for teachers that had been sat on the desk of the Conservative Government.
Sadly, after years of Tory Government, fewer younger people in Southampton Itchen are successfully engaged in employment, education or apprenticeships compared with the national average.
What specific steps will the Secretary of State take to ensure that apprenticeship and university routes are equally valued and equally accessible to the young people in my constituency?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that point.
Our youth guarantee will provide tailored support to young people, helping them to access high-quality education, training and employment.
We want young people to be earning and learning, and we are wasting no time about that.
Youth foundation apprenticeships provide more opportunities for young people, and we want to ensure that we expand access to university for disadvantaged students and that all learning is on an equal footing.
National per pupil funding criteria are a blunt instrument for fairly funding schools in rural areas like mine on the Isle of Wight, which is also separated from the UK mainland by sea.
Will the Minister meet me and representatives from the Isle of Wight council to discuss how fairer funding for Isle of Wight primary schools can be provided so that no more of them close unnecessarily?
I appreciate the concerns that the hon.
Gentleman raises.
I know that the Isle of Wight local authority is working to address the issue of surplus primary places in the best way.
I recognise the challenge around funding.
It will take some time to look at that, but the system is designed not to give every school the same amount of money but to address some of the needs that he outlines.
I am more than happy to continue this discussion, as I appreciate the issue is very important in his constituency.