I recognise the challenge around funding.
It will take some time to look at that, but the system is designed not to give every school the same amount of money but to address some of the needs that he outlines.
I am more than happy to continue this discussion, as I appreciate the issue is very important in his constituency.
Has the Department made an estimate of how many children with SEND are at risk of losing therapeutic support as a result of the recent changes to the adoption and special guardianship support fund?
I hear the concerns around the adoption and special guardianship support fund.
We have had to make some really difficult decisions, but we have chosen the fairest approach to manage tight resources in the face of increasing demand for support.
We will continue to review the situation.
I recently had the opportunity to visit Echelford primary school in my constituency, where I saw an extraordinarily different approach to oracy from those I have seen in other schools.
Will the schools Minister visit to see that for herself?
We are always looking for good approaches to raising standards, whether in phonics, maths or oracy, and to giving children the confidence that will set them up for life.
I would be keen to hear more details about the programme that the hon.
Gentleman describes.
I have recently been informed that teaching assistants employed through agencies in Blackpool are being paid under the national living wage and sent into schools with positive Disclosure and Barring Service checks, and that the profit margins of those agencies are as high as 35% to 40%, with agencies  making £100 a day on candidates.
Will the Minister agree to meet me to discuss those issues that are facing Blackpool?
Support staff, temporary staff and agency staff can provide important support to schools where it is needed, but that must be done in a fair way that helps to manage school budgets and provide the outcomes for children that we know a stable teaching force can bring.
I would be more than happy to discuss the particular issues that my hon.
Friend raises with him.
Bromley council has the second highest rate of education, health and care plans in London, and is in desperate need of extra special school provision.
The council is looking to bring forward a 200-space special school but has met with a lack of innovation at the Education and Skills Funding Agency.
Will the Minister meet me and local officials to discuss how we can break those bureaucratic blockers and deliver this provision?
Yes, I would be happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman.
Last month, I held a public meeting in my constituency with over 100 parents, carers and pupils to discuss our concerns about the quality of secondary education in my constituency.
It is an absolute scandal that over 60% of young people leave school without a pass—level 4 or higher—in maths and English GCSE, a trend that has got worse under the Conservative party.
Will the Minister commit to driving up standards in my local schools as a priority for this Labour Government?
My hon.
Friend is a passionate advocate for better outcomes for the young people in her constituency, and I commend her approach for engaging so widely with parents, who I know share her concerns.
I am more than happy to give her that commitment.
Everything we do in the Department is about driving opportunity, and that means driving up standards in every school, in every part of the country.
This week, on a visit to a school in my constituency, I was told about a boy with SEND who has been temporarily excluded five times.
He is extremely dysregulated and vulnerable and has been waiting for two years for specialist provision.
The school has tried to get him to the top of the mental health list but has been told that it cannot.