From that question, I do not think you would know who had been in government for the past 14 years, Mr Speaker.
The Conservatives had ample opportunity to clarify the position.
The ruling of the Supreme Court was that Labour’s Equality Act 2010 was the basis for its judgment confirming that biological sex should be the basis for provision of single-sex services.
Alongside that, the Court was also clear that everyone in our country deserves to be treated with dignity and respect, and that trans people continue to receive protection in law.
The Conservatives published guidance, in draft form, a matter of months of before  the general election.
It is right that we take this issue seriously and get it right.
We do not need this shameless opportunism; this is about children’s wellbeing.
The exam season is well under way in Scotland, and I think the whole House will join me in wishing pupils in Livingston and across Scotland luck over the coming weeks, and in thanking teachers for preparing during the academic year.
Closing the attainment gap between the richest and poorest pupils in Scotland was the SNP Government’s “defining mission”, but the latest statistics show that it is increasing year on year, and 1,351 pupils are leaving Scottish schools without any qualifications at all—
Order.
We have other Members to get in as well.
I call the Secretary of State.
I join my hon.
Friend in sending my best wishes to children in Scotland and across the UK as their exams get under way and thanking the brilliant staff working hard to support them.
He is of course right about the many failures under the hopeless SNP Administration.
Scotland deserves a new direction and a better education system and that will only come with Labour.
I call Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Last year the Secretary of State said:
“There can be no goal more important and more urgent than extending opportunities to our most vulnerable children”.—[Official Report,  24 July 2024 ; Vol.
752, c. 700.]
Actions speak louder than words, so will she commit to reversing her 40% cut to the grants available through the adoption and special guardianship support fund so that vulnerable children are not made to pay the price for the Conservatives’ financial mess?
The hon.
Lady will know that we have confirmed £50 million for ’25-26.
Further considerations will be for the spending review.
We have made changes in order to maximise the number of children who can access the fund.
In addition to the funding that is provided there, we are also trialling kinship allowances, investing more in foster care and investing another £0.5 billion in providing local authorities with the support they need to provide preventive services.
I agree that it is important that vulnerable children who have been through the adoption system and beyond get the support that they need to thrive.
We know that young people are at the sharp end of the mental health crisis, so can the Minister update the House on the progress his Department is making on our manifesto commitment to put specialist mental health support into our schools, and tell us how gaps in support for neurodivergent pupils—as highlighted in the trailblazer programme—will be addressed?
This Government will provide access to specialist mental health professionals in every school so that every young person has access to early support,  including those who are neurodivergent.
NHS-funded mental health support teams will continue to roll out across schools and are expected to cover at least 50% of pupils this year.
The Secretary of State may be aware of the tragic death of Genevieve Meehan, who died in a nursery in Cheadle.
She was just nine months old.
Despite claims that the nursery was safe, Gigi’s death was entirely preventable.
Gigi’s parents, John and Katie, are now campaigning for changes in the law around nursery safety.