My hon.
Friend will understand the limitations on what I can say in answer to his question because this was a decision by the Office for Students, which carries out independent regulatory functions.
I would be happy to arrange for him to meet the relevant Minister, but only once legal matters have concluded.
Can the Secretary of State confirm that the new freedom of speech provisions will ensure that, if any member of a university’s staff gives the same definition of a woman as the Prime Minister did in his most recent iteration of it, they will not be no-platformed or driven out of their job?
In setting out the Government’s position in the statement on Tuesday I was very clear that we accepted the Supreme Court judgment, and that is the right basis on which things ought to be taken forward.
Through the commencement regulations, we have given tougher powers to the regulator.
We have also reformed the regulator since July, with a much sharper focus on financial sustainability—something that I know is important to Members across the House.
I call the shadow Minister, Neil O’Brien.
At the start of January, the Secretary of State said that she needed more time to consider the overseas funding transparency measures in our freedom of speech legislation.
It is now nearly May.
In the meantime, there have been several concerning the reports in the press about UK universities working with Chinese institutions that are designated as high risk and have ties to their defence and security apparatus.
This legislation was passed in 2023.
When will the Secretary of State reach a decision?
This is an important area, and this Government will always make sure that issues of national security come first.
Measures are already in place to address foreign interference in the higher education sector, from vetting international students in sensitive areas of research to specific requirements around freedom of speech and expression.
We continue to keep all these matters under review, and when we are in a position to do so I will of course update the House.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of levels of funding for pupil referral units.
My hon.
Friend is a champion for young people with SEND and their families in his constituency.
The Government have invested an extra £1 billion into high  needs budgets to help local authorities to maintain their pupil referral units.
Of course, the system we inherited from the Conservatives is broken, but we are paving the way for far-reaching reform to restore parents’ confidence and to support every child to achieve and thrive.
I recently visited Chaselea alternative provision academy in Cannock and met headteacher Mr Archer, who told me that it receives £8,300 less per pupil than the average for PRUs due to the unfair funding formula.
With year after year of real-terms funding cuts under the previous Government, Chaselea had to stop all off-site education and halt new admissions, which means longer stays for students.
Will the Minister confirm that this Government will ensure that PRUs have the resources and support they need to do the vital work of helping young people return to mainstream education?
I agree that it is important that funding is available to support young people back into mainstream education.
Staffordshire county council is being allocated, through the high needs funding block, over £143 million of its 2025-26 dedicated schools grant, and will need to consider how best to deploy that funding to achieve this aim.
I know that my hon.
Friend’s constituents will be best served by a Labour council delivering on this issue and will want to think about that ahead of this Thursday.
My constituent—a child who attends alternative provision—was physically restrained by his passenger assistant on school transport, which caused significant distress to him and his family.