Ordered,
That Charlie Maynard and Joy Morrissey be discharged from the Committee of Selection and Paul Holmes and Tom Morrison be added.—(Chris Elmore.)
Before I call  the hon.
Member for Leeds Central and Headingley (Alex Sobel)  to ask his urgent question, I must advise the House that although the matter is not yet sub judice, for the purpose of the rules of this House relating to these matters, Members should exercise care in what they say about a live criminal investigation.
I urge Members to avoid speculating about the guilt or innocence of any person.
On the identity of the person who has been arrested and the motive for the attacks, Members should take care not to say anything in this House that might prejudice a criminal trial.
Members may ask about the emergency services, the response to the attacks, the support for victims’ families and other connected matters, but I urge the utmost caution in avoiding any remarks that might be prejudicial.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for the Home Department if she will make a statement on the incident that occurred in Headingley on  26 April .
First, I thank my hon.
Friend for securing this urgent question.
I begin by saying that my thoughts and prayers are with the victims of this horrific violent incident in Headingley, Leeds, on Saturday.
I understand the shock that this incident has caused among the local community in Headingley, and I understand that my hon.
Friend will want to get rapid answers for the constituents he represents.
At the same time—as you have pointed out, Mr Speaker—this is a live police investigation, and we all have a responsibility not to say anything that would interfere with that investigation or any legal proceedings that may follow from it.
For the benefit of the House, though, I will recap what the police have themselves said about the incident and the ongoing investigation.
On the afternoon of  Saturday 26 April , West Yorkshire police were called to reports of a male on Otley Road, Headingley, Leeds, in possession of a crossbow and a firearm.
Armed police arrived at the scene at 1453 hours, where the suspect was found with a self-inflicted injury.
He was taken to hospital and remains in a life-threatening condition.
On arrival, officers also found two members of the public who were injured and were admitted to hospital.
One victim has now been discharged from hospital; the other has undergone surgery after suffering life-threatening injuries.
Our thoughts remain with the victims and their families.
Counter Terrorism Policing North East has taken the lead for the investigation into this attack, and is now working with West Yorkshire police.
As I have said, this is an ongoing investigation and I cannot comment on details of the case, other than to note that we must allow the police time and space to conduct their investigation.
Having said that, we are very aware of concerns about the use of crossbows in violent attacks.
We share that concern, and last week, the Government tabled amendments to the Crime and Policing Bill to strengthen age verification controls on both the online sale and delivery of crossbows.
Last year, the previous Government held a call for evidence on licensing systems that could apply to crossbows, to which they did not respond.
As part of our wider work  to get dangerous and lethal weapons off Britain’s streets, we will shortly publish our response to that consultation, setting out how we plan to go further to limit the availability and accessibility of crossbows in this country.
Mr Speaker, I am very grateful to you for granting this urgent question after the harrowing attack in Headingley on Saturday.
My community is still reeling in shock and disbelief at the horrific act of violence that occurred in our midst on Saturday afternoon.