We are working with experts and engaging with families and local authorities.
We are determined to deliver a better outcome for children with special educational needs and disabilities and their families, and we will continue to update on progress as we make it.
School support staff, teaching assistants and learning support assistants—the unsung heroes of our schools—often provide that crucial day-to-day support for children with SEND.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that we upskill our school support workforce so that they are best placed to support those children?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to recognise the role of school support staff in supporting schools in general, and particularly children within the school system with special educational needs and disabilities.
We want to encourage more inclusive mainstream schools, and we need a really strong and qualified workforce to deliver on that.
I recently visited a school that had a fantastic group of teaching assistants who are undertaking the apprenticeship and specialising in issues such as special educational needs, to make sure that they can continue to develop their skills in the workforce.
That is a really positive story, and one that I hope many schools can take up.
My constituent, Martyn Hodgson, has two adopted children.
Both have suffered extensive trauma in their short lives, and the oldest son was diagnosed with autism and learning disabilities.
They rely on the adoption and special guardianship support fund.
He says:
“This support means so much to families of looked-after and adopted children.
As a children’s social worker and adoptive parent, I have seen at first hand the impact this funding can have on their lives.”
For Martyn and so many others like him in Hartlepool and beyond, please will the Minister urgently reconsider the cuts to this fund?
I absolutely take on board the issues that my hon.
Friend raises.
Where people take on the responsibility of adoption, that is to be applauded and supported as far as possible.
The Government are obviously considering all the financial matters in a very difficult context and making some difficult decisions, but we will continue to bear in mind the issues that he raises.
We want to maximise the number of children who can access the fund and get the vital support that is needed.
What steps she is taking to protect freedom of speech at universities.
It was Labour that enshrined freedom of expression into law.
That is why in January I announced plans to fix the Higher Education (Freedom of Speech) Act 2023, making it robust and workable.
Today I signed the commencement regulations to impose stronger free speech duties on higher education providers and the Office for Students from  1 August .
We are taking common-sense decisions to fix the foundations of higher education and to deliver change for students.
The Minister will know that the University of Sussex, one of my local universities, has recently been fined over £500,000—a record amount—following  a three-and-half-year investigation by the Office for Students into freedom of speech.
I know that the OfS is independent, but does the Minister share my concern that it reached this conclusion without ever speaking to the university or its current staff and students?
Does she recognise the very wide implications of this ruling, and will she meet me and the University to discuss this?
My hon.
Friend will understand the limitations on what I can say in answer to his question because this was a decision by the Office for Students, which carries out independent regulatory functions.
I would be happy to arrange for him to meet the relevant Minister, but only once legal matters have concluded.