I know that our residents are immensely passionate about football, and it is fantastic that this Bill is being brought forward to put our fans right at the heart of that great game.
I completely agree with my hon.
Friend’s comments, and I pay tribute to the work of Blackburn Rovers in their community.
We are probably all aware of the examples of Everton and Manchester United.
Both are up to their ears in debt while either building or planning to build stadiums that cost between £750 million and £1 billion.
If we look lower down the leagues, the sums are still eye-watering.
York City lost £235 million last season, Salford City lost £5.3 million and Stockport County lost £7 million.
It is difficult to see how, at some stage, without regulation, more and more clubs will not simply go to the wall.
The financial precarity in football is such that it leaves the clubs open to bad actors seizing on their financial vulnerabilities to offer a route to potential success.
I am, of course, referring to dirty money and the pernicious practice of sportswashing by dubious owners who see club ownership as a PR vehicle to airbrush their misdeeds and human rights abuses to reconstruct their reputations and exert geopolitical influence.
It is deeply regretful that this odious and morally corrupting practice has been allowed to establish a foothold in our game since Roman Abramovich came to England as the owner of Chelsea football club with dirty money from Russia.
He was found to have funded or donated over £100 million to illegal settlement expansion in the west bank.
The other issue I want to raise is around agent fees.
In 2022 to 2023, over £408 million was paid by Premier League clubs to agents and facilitators, and in the football league over £65 million was paid in agent fees.
Some agents are acting on behalf of both the player and the club and receiving remuneration from both.
If that is not a conflict of interest or a potential bribe, I do not know what is.
I strongly encourage the Government to look at this and try to stop as much money going to agents and get it back into grassroots football.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps she is taking to help support SEND children not in full-time education.
We are committed to reforming the special educational needs and disabilities system.
We are also acting now through the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill, children not in school registers and a duty on local authorities to provide advice to eligible families.
We will help local authorities identify and support these children to achieve and thrive.
I recently met a constituent at my surgery whose son has missed out on more than 800 hours of education.
That is despite her attempts to find special educational provision for her son in 14 different schools across our region.
She is now very concerned, because the council has said that he is at risk of criminal exploitation and cannot be left alone.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss this case and also provide reassurance that this Government will ensure that vulnerable SEND students get the educational provision they deserve?
One of the ministerial team will be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss the important issues that he raises.
All children are legally entitled to a full-time education, which is important for their educational progress, their wellbeing and their wider development.
It is the local authority’s responsibility to arrange suitable education when it is not already in place, and I encourage my hon.
Friend to contact his local authority to discuss this matter further.
I have met children who have experienced significant trauma, who are not in full-time education and who are supported through the adoption and special guardianship support fund.
On  1 April , the Government announced that that funding would continue, which was welcome.