I know that my hon.
Friend’s constituents will be best served by a Labour council delivering on this issue and will want to think about that ahead of this Thursday.
My constituent—a child who attends alternative provision—was physically restrained by his passenger assistant on school transport, which caused significant distress to him and his family.
The Department for Education has published guidance on the use of reasonable force in schools in England, but it appears that there is a gap when it comes to the use of reasonable force on school transport.
Will the Minister meet my constituent and me to discuss this case with a view to closing this loophole with the funding that it requires?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point, and it is one that we are looking at as a Department.
Obviously, home-to-school transport is an important aspect of accessing education, but it needs to be safe for all children.
I would be more than happy to discuss the issue further with him.
What recent assessment she has made of the adequacy of higher education funding.
The Tories were more interested in picking ideological fights than ensuring that universities were financially sustainable.
They left students and taxpayers to bear the brunt.
Labour has taken tough decisions to shore up higher education as we pave the way for reform.
We will fix the foundations of higher education to deliver change for students.
Over half of UK universities, including the University of York, are again consulting on academic and staff redundancies.
In line with the University and  College Union’s “Stop the Cuts” week of action, does the Minister agree that we need an urgent review into higher education funding and visa arrangements for international students and their dependants, and that we need to protect students from poverty, to safeguard our world-class universities and, ultimately, drive research, innovation and their economic output?
We are committed to securing the future of our higher education sector and we absolutely recognise its excellent economic value, which is crucial to our future economic growth.
We welcome international students, who enrich our campuses, forge networks with domestic students and become global ambassadors.
We will set out our plan for reform in the summer.
Over the past few months, Bournemouth University has had to take steps to suspend 15 of its courses due to financial pressures and rising operational costs.
Most were arts and humanities courses, including English, photography, sociology and politics.
What options exist for universities to access other sources of funding, and what assessment is being done to protect arts and humanities courses across our higher education sector?
I thank the hon.
Member for her level of concern.
Higher education providers are autonomous and responsible for managing their own budgets.
If they were at any risk, we would work with the Office for Students to ensure that students were protected.
The Government reserve the right to intervene to protect the interests of students.
The strategic priorities grant is also available to support teachers and students in higher education in more expensive subjects.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Today in places such as Leicester, Birmingham, County Durham, Gloucestershire, Worcestershire and Northumberland, some of the last of our 750 early-adopter schools will launch their free breakfast clubs.
We are now providing 180,000 pupils with the best start to their school day, boosting parents’ work choices and children’s life chances.
Evidence shows why that matters so much: when schools introduce breakfast clubs, behaviour improves, attendance increases and attainment grows.
It also gives parents 30 minutes of free childcare every day to juggle work and family life.
That is why we will cement those freedoms and that opportunity through the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill, delivering on our plan for change.