Many colleges, however, have raised a concern with me that a loophole in the last Government’s Skills and Post-16 Education Act 2022, which brought colleges back into the public sector, means that they cannot go out and get public investment into their colleges.
What is the Minister doing to address their concerns and ensure that FE colleges can invest in the facilities and courses needed to train our future construction workforce?
The hon.
Lady raises an important point about that reclassification.
Through the construction announcement we made ahead of the spring statement, we created a capital pot for employer-led and match-funded projects to ensure that we are really working to deliver some of the programmes that are needed.
We are also investing more in further education—again through boosting teaching in this area—and making sure that young people have access to industry placements, which we know are crucial in making sure that they succeed, especially in areas like construction.
What steps her Department is taking to improve support for children with SEND.
What steps her Department is taking to help ensure that SEND children are being adequately assessed.
Colleagues across the House will know about the “lose, lose, lose” system—to use the Tories’ own words—that we inherited.
We are investing an extra £1 billion into high-needs budgets, £740 million into creating new places, and have restructured the Department to put SEND at its heart.
The system needs far-reaching reform.
We are engaging with parents and we have brought experts on board to assist us in this important work.
Merton council, in which most of my Wimbledon constituency is situated, tells me that there is a national shortage of SEND specialists— therapists and educational psychologists in particular—which is negatively impacting its and other local authorities’ ability to produce education, health and care plans in a timely fashion.
This seems to be a particular problem across London, where in more than a decade there has been almost no growth in the number of local authority-employed educational psychologists, despite a large increase in demand.
Will the Minister update the House on plans to address this issue and meet me to discuss the particular challenges in London?
We know that local authorities have been impacted by the increasing demand for education, health and care plans and workforce capacity issues, so much more efficient and effective service delivery and communication with schools and families will be central to making those improvements.
We are working with local authorities and across the Department to ensure that there is as much effective early identification as possible.
I am more than happy to continue engagement with the hon.
Gentleman on these important issues.
I often hear accounts of constituents waiting over two years for education, health and care plan assessments from Surrey county council.
When those assessments finally come, they are frequently carried out remotely, with assessors never actually meeting the child.
Headteachers report that these delayed and inaccurate assessments result in inadequate funding, leaving schools under-resourced and simply unable to meet the children’s needs.
Families in Surrey deserve assessments that are timely, thorough and centred around the child.
What reassurances can the Minister offer families in Surrey that the broken system will be fixed, and when?
The hon.
Lady sets out what is unfortunately a common picture for far too many children and families.
We know that the system needs reform, and we are working at pace to deliver on that.
We are working with experts and engaging with families and local authorities.
We are determined to deliver a better outcome for children with special educational needs and disabilities and their families, and we will continue to update on progress as we make it.
School support staff, teaching assistants and learning support assistants—the unsung heroes of our schools—often provide that crucial day-to-day support for children with SEND.