What estimate she has made of the potential impact of increases in employer’s national insurance contributions on the number of teachers employed in schools.
The Tories left a trail of devastation across our schools, with buildings crumbling and teachers leaving in their droves.
Through taking tough decisions at the Budget to fix the foundations, Labour has been able to increase school funding by over £3.2 billion.
As a result, there is a forecast of £400 million of headroom in schools’ budgets nationally.
The Tories’ only plan is to cut school budgets to restore private schools’ tax breaks.
We are getting on with the job of delivering for children.
Many heads, teachers and support staff who are worried about school budgets have been in touch with me.
I recently had a letter, which was sent to the Secretary of State, from a therapist in a school, saying:
“I have recently been informed that I am being made redundant.
Most of the schools in the trust are making cuts in order to stay afloat.
Staff that are being cut or having hours reduced are teaching assistants, social, emotional and mental health staff and other support staff.”
How would the Minister answer the question posed by my constituent who is being made redundant, who asks:
“Why have Labour voted for unfunded pay rises and National Insurance Tax increases if they cannot support schools with the cost”
of these proposals?
The Government are committed to supporting teachers to stay in the profession and to thrive, which is why we accepted the schoolteachers pay review body 2024-25 recommendation in full, implementing a 5.5% pay award.
That means that teachers and school leaders have had a combined increase of 17% over the last three years.
We really need some humility from Conservative Members about where these problems stem from.
Headteachers are warning that the gap in funding to cover the Chancellor’s jobs tax is equivalent to losing more existing teachers than the Government are planning to recruit.
I have heard that message loud and clear from headteachers on my recent school visits, and unfunded pay awards will just make this worse.
Why is the Education Secretary not standing up for our schools?
This Labour Government have made some tough decisions to fix the foundations of our economy and our public services.
We make no apologies for doing what the last Government failed to do while in office.
The extra money from national insurance contributions means we can protect key educational priorities.
The Conservatives should be honest: what would they cut to pay for our schools?
Can the Minister solve this equation?
VAT is pushing more students into the state sector and increases in national insurance are squeezing staff budgets, yet the Government say their ambition is to improve school standards and staff retention.
How does that add up?
This is just scaremongering from the Conservative party, because the Tories have no plan for the future of our education system.
They have no plan to deliver high and rising standards.
Their only education priority is to hand tax breaks back to private schools, which means cutting free breakfast clubs, cutting school-based nurseries and cutting school building.
I have been contacted by schools in my Old Bexley and Sidcup constituency that are outraged that Labour’s tax rises are forcing them to cut resources and staff while the Government demand that teachers do more.
One teacher told me that, as a proud trade unionist, she had always voted Labour, but feels completely betrayed.
She says:
“Labour have made the situation in schools 10x worse letting students and teachers down”.
She is right, is she not?
Labour has betrayed teachers, students and schools.
Schools funding is increasing by over £3.2 billion compared with 2024-25, meaning that core school budgets will total over £64.8 billion this year.
The last Government sat on the pay review  recommendations, leaving it for this Government to clean up.