Evidence shows why that matters so much: when schools introduce breakfast clubs, behaviour improves, attendance increases and attainment grows.
It also gives parents 30 minutes of free childcare every day to juggle work and family life.
That is why we will cement those freedoms and that opportunity through the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill, delivering on our plan for change.
To follow on from the two previous questions, 5,000 university jobs have been cut nationally, and the University and College Union projects that 10,000 more will be cut by the end of the year.
In Bradford, up to 300 further jobs are at risk.
Bradford University’s nursery service faces the chop, and some courses are long gone in a bid to meet funding shortfalls.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to protect staff and students in places like Bradford, given the growing crisis in higher education?
I understand my hon.
Friend’s concern.
We are focused on putting universities on a firm footing.
As the Under-Secretary of State for Education, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lewisham East (Janet Daby) , said, we will set out further reforms in the summer so that higher education delivers for students and the taxpayer.
We had to make tough decisions to increase tuition fee limits in line with inflation for the next academic year, but I know that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bradford East (Imran Hussain)  recognises, as I do, the enormous economic value of universities in towns and cities right across our country.
That is why we have reformed the regulator: to put universities on a much firmer footing for the future.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Despite the Education Secretary’s best attempts to rewrite history, we Conservatives did not need a court to tell us that biological sex was real.
She has on her desk the draft guidance for schools on gender questioning, and the final Cass report was published a year ago.
If she is serious about protecting women and girls, why has she not published the guidance?
I am serious about protecting the rights of women and girls.
That is why I ran a women’s refuge for children and women fleeing domestic abuse, fleeing male violence, fleeing some of the most unimaginable abuse that anyone could ever see.
I need no lessons on the importance of such provision.
The shadow Secretary of State asks a specific question, which I will answer.
This is a sensitive area.
We are talking about children’s wellbeing—often very vulnerable children who are experiencing stress.
Although I recognise the importance of providing clarity and guidance for school leaders, we have to get it right.
The Conservatives published draft guidance for consultation only a matter of months before the general election.
It is right that we take stock following the full and final review from Dr Cass, which we accept should be the basis for how we take things forward.
That draft guidance was produced a year and a half ago.
The Education Secretary wants to talk about her record.
Well, let me remind her that one of her first acts on coming into post was to pause implementation of the Higher Education (Freedom of Speech) Act 2023, which would have protected gender-critical voices.
She is more concerned about listening to student union activists than to women.
Will she apologise to the gender-critical women who were forced to spend eye-watering sums on legal fees to fight for their rights because of her actions?
From that question, I do not think you would know who had been in government for the past 14 years, Mr Speaker.
The Conservatives had ample opportunity to clarify the position.
The ruling of the Supreme Court was that Labour’s Equality Act 2010 was the basis for its judgment confirming that biological sex should be the basis for provision of single-sex services.