In ’23-24 alone, Derby city council spent £18 million on placements outside the city.
It is wrong that pupils and their families are not getting the support that they need in their communities.
Will the Minister outline what steps the Government are taking to increase the availability of SEND school places in Derby, in the east midlands and across the UK?
The Secretary of State had a useful and interesting visit to a school in Derbyshire  to see for herself where progress is being made—or, unfortunately, where not enough is being made—to support children with SEND.
We know that high-quality teacher training, particularly in SEND, is vital to ensure that every teacher is a teacher of special educational needs and disabilities.
We will continue to work to ensure that local authorities deliver on their obligations to all the children in their local area, but particularly those with special educational needs and disabilities.
There are significant gaps in the understanding of autism profiles from teachers and school support staff.
The evidence shows that there will be massive benefits in school attendance and educational performance if that understanding can increase.
I urge the Secretary of State and the team to ask the specialist neurodiversity group that they have set up to look specifically at initial teacher training to see whether more autism-focused elements can be added.
This work is already ongoing.
I recognise what the right hon.
Gentleman is saying—we want to ensure that every teacher gets that high-quality training from their initial teacher training to their first years in a school to ensure that they are confident and able to teach children of a whole range of abilities.
We are determined to have the right number of teachers with those skilled professional qualifications so that they are able to thrive in the profession, and, indeed, to support children to thrive, too.
What steps she is taking to increase the number of construction skills training opportunities.
Construction skills are essential to rebuild Britain as part of our plan for change and to deliver 1.5 million homes.
This Labour Government are cutting red tape and reforming English and maths requirements to deliver 10,000 more apprenticeships a year and prioritising investment, with £625 million in additional spending to boost construction skills and train 60,000 additional skilled construction workers this Parliament—that is more foundation apprenticeships, more industry placements and support for further education, as well as 10 new technical excellence colleges specialising in construction skills across England.
Our plans for the renewal of central Gateshead are by far the most exciting investment opportunity in north-east England, with £1.2 billion of inward investment, thousands of new homes and public transport infrastructure, meaning 15,000 construction jobs over the next few decades.
Gateshead college, right at the heart of the development zone, is rapidly increasing places on its superb construction course, but much more is needed.
Will the Secretary of State meet me and Gateshead college to discuss super-charging construction skills to deliver our plan for growth?
I have visited Gateshead college to see the fantastic work it does on digital skills, but I know that it has also developed innovative, flexible apprenticeships for careers in building design and construction, which I hope can be replicated elsewhere.
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend and perhaps to visit Gateshead college to learn more about what it is doing on construction.
Further education colleges such as Chichester college in my constituency are vital to the delivery of construction apprenticeships and skills training.
Many colleges, however, have raised a concern with me that a loophole in the last Government’s Skills and Post-16 Education Act 2022, which brought colleges back into the public sector, means that they cannot go out and get public investment into their colleges.
What is the Minister doing to address their concerns and ensure that FE colleges can invest in the facilities and courses needed to train our future construction workforce?
The hon.