It is more than seven years since Anthony Lawrence brutally murdered Laura’s partner Shane Gilmer.
Laura was attacked with a crossbow, and was pregnant at the time.
I know that a response to the consultation is coming, but can the Minister give us more detail about the timetable for that response?
What next steps will we likely see?
I also pay tribute to Laura, an incredibly brave woman who faced a horrific attack when her neighbour got into the house through the roof space and attacked her and her partner.
In answer to the hon.
Gentleman, I cannot give a specific date.
I used to really dislike it when I was sitting on the Opposition Benches and a Government Minister would say “shortly” or “imminently”, but I can guarantee that I am doing my best to ensure that we respond to the consultation from last year as soon as possible.
I express my sympathies and those of the people of Central Ayrshire to the victims of this horrific attack, and those affected by it.
I note the presence of the Mayor of West Yorkshire in the Gallery.
Does the Minister support the excellent work that the mayor is leading to keep women and girls safe in West Yorkshire?
Will the Minister commit to working with mayors, and police and crime commissioners, across the country to tackle the rise of misogyny?
I do not want to get into trouble with you, Mr Speaker, but I am very conscious of the excellent work done by the Mayor of West Yorkshire and her deputy, Alison Lowe, on violence against women and girls, and of their real commitment to making policies that will have a dramatic effect on the women and girls of West Yorkshire.
Unhinged individuals are roaming the streets of our towns and cities with crossbows, knives, saws and other dangerous weapons, and no tinkering around with legislation or licensing will stop this madness.
Is it not about time we had mandatory jail sentences for people who carry such weapons?
We are working as quickly as possible to understand and identify the nature and scale of the growing cohort of predominantly young men  and boys who are fixated with violence.
We want to ensure that we have a proper approach and multi-agency interventions to manage the risk that they pose.
The Prime Minister has already said that if the law needs to change in recognition of this new and dangerous threat, we will change it, quickly.
I thank the Minister for coming forward to respond to the urgent question.
Let me put on record my deepest sympathies for the victims of this terrible incident and their families.
Members on both sides of the House have talked about the victims of crossbow attacks, and I find the whole issue very shocking, especially as someone who regularly visits Westcliff-on-Sea.
Is there any more that we can do as a Government to support victims of these terrible attacks and their families?
My hon.
Friend has raised the important issue of how victims of such attacks are supported.
As I said, this morning I talked to Joan about the support that she received after the horrific attack on Dave Peck, and I have heard about the support and help that Laura Sugden has received since she was attacked with a crossbow; but I am well aware that there is more to do, and I will talk to my counterpart in the Ministry of Justice about that.
Does the Minister share my surprise at just how easy it is to get hold of one of these weapons?
A few clicks will buy someone a Guillotine X+ compound crossbow for £324.91 plus £6.99 for delivery, or a Jaguar Deluxe for £129.95, with free delivery.
These things are as deadly as shotguns, yet we do not license them as such.