Labour has betrayed teachers, students and schools.
Schools funding is increasing by over £3.2 billion compared with 2024-25, meaning that core school budgets will total over £64.8 billion this year.
The last Government sat on the pay review  recommendations, leaving it for this Government to clean up.
The Conservative party’s record on education was dismal; school buildings were crumbling and teachers were leaving the profession.
This Government are focused on returning education to the centre of public life.
I recently met student councillors Aadam, Olivia, Adam and Remy at Fixby junior and infant school.
They gave me a guided tour of the school and highlighted how the playground was long overdue for an upgrade, but the school is facing increasing costs to resurface it.
On behalf of the student council, can I ask the Minister what additional funding and support is available so that pupils can access high-quality play areas?
We absolutely support children to have the ability to play, and that is really important in school as well.
We understand that some schools require additional support.
We are working closely with the sector to ensure the best outcomes for all children, not just some children, as the previous Government focused on.
Local Conservative council candidates in Mansfield say on the doorstep that they want better funding for our schools.
However, in the pursuit of restoring private schools’ tax breaks, which of these measures does the Minister think the Tories would cut first: new teachers, speech and language support, mental health counsellors, careers advice or work experience?
rose—
Order.
I can save the Minister.
That question is about Opposition policy, which is not her responsibility.
I am deeply concerned about the funding of Howden-le-Wear primary school in my constituency.
After years of real-terms cuts, it is now making four teaching assistants redundant.
I will write to the Minister on that to seek her support, but the elephant in the room is that the pay of the chief executive of the multi-academy trust of which it is a member has increased £30,000 over the last two years, taking it to £275,000.
That is the equivalent of 12 teaching assistants.
Which does she think would be better: one CEO or 12 teaching assistants?
Executive pay must be justifiable and must reflect the responsibility an individual takes on, alongside local retention and recruitment needs.
We engage with trusts on levels of executive pay, and I would be more than happy to discuss the matter further with my hon.
Friend.
I am deeply concerned about Prudhoe community high school in my constituency, which was opened eight and a half years ago after being built under a Conservative Secretary of State and Conservative Education Department.
Unfortunately, in February this year, cracks were discovered in the structure and the students are being taught in Washington, which is quite a significant journey.
Can I ask the Minister to not only back the students and staff at Prudhoe community high school, but have an urgent investigation into how  the school got into this state?
Does she agree that, after 100 years in charge, the legacy of the Tories in west Northumberland is crumbling?
I absolutely recognise the challenges Prudhoe community high school is facing, in particular those due to sit their GCSE and A-level exams.
I wish good luck to them and to all young people who over the Easter holidays have been working very hard towards their exams.
Officials have been working closely with the school to ensure they are accommodated in the right way, but my hon.
Friend raises a really important point about how a school built eight years ago is crumbling, and indeed all the schools across the country that are crumbling, after 14 years of a Tory Government that did not prioritise education.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.