This week, on a visit to a school in my constituency, I was told about a boy with SEND who has been temporarily excluded five times.
He is extremely dysregulated and vulnerable and has been waiting for two years for specialist provision.
The school has tried to get him to the top of the mental health list but has been told that it cannot.
What should I say to his headteacher, who is at the end of her tether?
The hon.
Lady and I have discussed some of the challenges in her local area in relation to delivering better outcomes for children with special educational needs and disabilities, and she is right to raise this issue of ensuring that the health workforce can back up the change needed in education settings.
We are working closely with colleagues across Government to ensure that we take a joined-up approach to improving outcomes.
Welsh universities, including Bangor University, face very real challenges as a direct result of policies introduced by the last UK Government.
Will the Minister update us on conversations that her Department is having with the Welsh Government around higher education in Wales?
My hon.
Friend is aware that education is devolved and that the Welsh Government are responsible for education policies in Wales, including those covering universities, but I assure her that the Department for Education engages with the devolved Government at ministerial and official levels on a range of areas covering education and students.
What assurances can the Minister provide to concerned adoptive parents in my constituency who benefited from the match funding element of the adoption and special guardianship support fund, and whose funding could be cut from £10,000 to £3,000?
Will she consider reintroducing this vital element of the ASGSF?
The adoption and special guardianship support fund still enables those who are eligible to access a significant package of therapeutic support to meet individual needs.
The fund is important, which is why we have continued to fund it, but it is not the only source of adoption and kinship support, responsibility for which lies with local authorities and regional adoption agencies.
Our £8.8 million of funding to support Adoption England can assist that.
This morning, I had the pleasure of visiting Milwards primary school, which is one of the many brilliant primary schools in my constituency.
One of the main issues raised by primary schools is school readiness, which was hugely impacted by the closure of Sure Start.
What are this Government doing to ensure that young people are ready for school and ready to learn?
I know that my hon.
Friend is a huge champion for children in his constituency.
This child-centred Government want to break down the barriers to opportunity and ensure that every child gets the best start in life.
That is why we are introducing a number of initiatives through our plan for change, including good-quality early education, increasing school-based nurseries and investing in other initiatives that support a child’s development.
Final question.
What steps will be taken to ensure that there are therapeutic and counselling opportunities in all primary schools across the United Kingdom to ensure the earliest of interventions for pupils who could struggle in their education?
Education is a devolved matter, but I know that the hon.
Gentleman is a champion on these issues, and I am very happy to meet with him.
We are committed to rolling out mental health support teams to every school in England.
Ordered,
That Charlie Maynard and Joy Morrissey be discharged from the Committee of Selection and Paul Holmes and Tom Morrison be added.—(Chris Elmore.)
Before I call  the hon.
Member for Leeds Central and Headingley (Alex Sobel)  to ask his urgent question, I must advise the House that although the matter is not yet sub judice, for the purpose of the rules of this House relating to these matters, Members should exercise care in what they say about a live criminal investigation.