became the United States--actively supported Independence. In 1774, Francis Salvador had won a ] seat in South Carolina's Provincial Congress. He was reelected in 1776, thus becoming the first Jewish elected public official in the new United States. He served until he was killed in battle that August. Most Jews in New York, Philadelphia, Newport, Charleston, and Savannah--where the Revolution was brewing--joined the cause early. In doing so, they staked their claim to political equality as a right, not a set of privileges to be granted. As they did nowhere in Europe, Jews served as officers in the patriot armies. Mordecai Sheftall, a Savannah businessman, was a full colonel, then the third highest rank in the American army. David Salisbury Franks rose to the rank of Lieutenant Colonel, served as a diplomat to France and Morocco during the war, and later became the assistant cashier of the Bank of the United States. Solomon Bush, whose father had signed a non-importation agreement, ended the war as a Lieutenant Colonel and the deputy adjutant-general of the Pennsylvania militia. His younger brother, Captain Lewis Bush, died in combat. There were no Jewish officers in the British army or among the Hessian mercenaries during the Revolutionary War. (However, Alexander Zuntz, a Hessian civilian commissary, served as the Hazzan of Shearith Israel congregation while the British occupied New York City. Impressed with American religious liberty, he stayed in New York after the war, and eventually became president of the synagogue.) In the independent United States, every new state constitution granted Jews the right to vote, though nine of the first eleven of them originally limited office holding to Protestants or Christians. A few states retained established churches or special state benefits for some faiths. Religious tests for office directly denied Jews full political equality. These state establishments did not deny Jews religious liberty or legal rights, but they made them (and members of other non-favored faiths) less than equal citizens. This situation, however, was not destined to last very long. When Pennsylvania's 1776 constitution, for instance, required state legislators to ``acknowledge the Scriptures of the Old and New Testament to be given by Divine inspiration,'' the state's Jews protested. Members of Philadelphia's Congregation Mikveh Israel studied and annotated all state constitutions, noting where Jews faced discrimination, and then published letters in newspapers calling attention to the new constitutions' objectionable features. In late 1783, Philadelphia's Jewish leaders petitioned the Pennsylvania government to allow Jews to hold public office. Seven years later, Pennsylvania's new constitution removed the religious test for office holding. In 1787 Congress, operating under the Articles of Confederation, passed the Northwest Ordinance, the forerunner