The Government are committed to bringing down legal migration.
We will do so by making sure that British workers are upskilled in key sectors, with new requirements for employers to address skills shortages, and by introducing new training and workforce plans so that overseas recruitment does not remain the default for filling skills shortages in the UK.
I have listened in absolute amazement to the outrage from Opposition Members about the careful consideration of security for Taylor Swift’s concerts in London, a week after her Vienna tour was cancelled due to a terror plot.
Does the Home Secretary think that is cynical opportunism from Conservative Members, or have they lost all sense of reason?
I think it is a matter for us all to take the security of people immensely seriously, and to ensure that terrorist, extremist and criminal threats do not win in their attempt to pose threats not just to life, but to our way of life.
I call the Chair of the Home Affairs Committee.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, and I thank the House for putting its confidence in me to chair the Home Affairs Committee.
I look forward to working constructively with the Department on home affairs matters.
In that vein, may I welcome the news that the Government will recruit 200 new personnel to process modern slavery claims?
Can the Secretary of State confirm whether those personnel are new head count, how long the training will take, and whether she is confident that the head count will survive the forthcoming Budget and spending review?
I congratulate the right hon.
Lady on her new position.
It is a great job, and I look forward to giving evidence to her as she did to me—we will see what price I have to pay as the roles are reversed.
She asks an important point about modern slavery numbers.
We are recruiting additional members of staff, and I will happily provide her with more information about that crucial policy area.
Part 3 of the Data Protection Act 2018 imposes unnecessary obligations on the police, and requires them to redact personal data for information transferred to the Crown Prosecution Service.
Those obligations delay and obstruct the swift progress of the criminal justice system.
The Police Federation of England and Wales has proposed a new clause that, if introduced, would facilitate the free flow of personal data between the police and the CPS.
Will Ministers urgently look at reforming that unnecessary red tape to allow more police time on the streets in my constituency of South Ribble?
That is an important point, and we are actively exploring all ways that we can improve guidance around redaction, streamline current processes, make better use of technology, and ultimately reduce unnecessary burdens on the police and prosecutors, so that they can get on with their primary task of keeping the public safe and putting away criminals.
The Home Secretary told the House that by ending the retrospective element of the duty to remove she was saving £7 billion in 10 years.
The impact assessment assumes that all those subject to the duty would have remained in Britain at a cost to the Home Office, but in his letter to me her permanent secretary said that the sum included the cost of sending the same migrants to Rwanda.
I wrote to the Home Secretary about that on  1 September  and I have raised it with the Minister for Immigration in Westminster Hall, but I have not had an answer.
Can she explain that double counting, and if she cannot, will she apologise for using that statistic in the House of Commons?
As the hon.