UK universities have experienced a fivefold increase in antisemitic incidents since the  7 October  terrorist attacks.
At a recent meeting of the Union of Jewish Students, I heard distressing examples of the Iranian regime organising on our campuses and stirring up hatred against Jewish students.
Can the Minister tell the House what steps the Department is taking to deal with the threat posed by Tehran here on British soil?
We have been clear that the behaviour of the Iranian regime, including the actions of the IRGC, poses a threat to the safety and security of the UK and our allies.
The Government continually assess threats to the UK and take the protection of individuals’ rights, freedoms and safety incredibly seriously, wherever those threats may originate.
In 2023, the Home Office commissioned the Fairfield review into the Independent Office for Police Conduct.
It deemed the delays in the IOPC as “unacceptable”.
Indeed, one of my constituents has been waiting a year after the death of her daughter to have a case officer assigned.
Does the Home Secretary agree with the review, and will she comment on when she will implement its 93 recommendations?
I have met the IOPC chair to talk through the issues facing that body.
The hon.
Gentleman is right that we need to speed up the decision-making process.
He will also recognise that there are considerable challenges in the system that we have inherited.
I thank you, Mr Speaker, for making time for Back Benchers in the questions today.
I rise to raise the issue of car theft in my constituency.
Many hundreds of residents have had their cars stolen, and the police do not have the capacity to follow up.
Next year, I am hosting a car theft summit in Chipping Barnet, and I invite the Minister to attend with me.
I would be delighted to.
After a bungled fraud investigation by Renault Crédit International, it, together with Renault-Nissan UK Ltd moved to seize the assets of a business in my constituency, Mackie Motors Brechin Ltd. This cost my constituent half a million pounds and 25% of his order book value.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss the finer points of this clearly very dubious act by a UK bank?
I am concerned to hear about the case that the hon.
Gentleman raises, and I would be happy to meet him to discuss it further.
I put on record my gratitude to the Home Secretary and her team for releasing the Home Office commissioned report, “The Historical Roots of the Windrush Scandal”, which concluded that 30 years of racist immigration legislation caused the Windrush scandal.
Those now on the Opposition Benches spent three years trying to suppress that report.
Will the Home Secretary meet me, other MPs and civil society representatives to discuss its recommendations?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that issue.
It was a shocking report, and one that the previous Government refused to publish.
I would be very happy to meet him and other hon.
Members to discuss it.
Does the Home Secretary share my deep concerns about two-tier justice, given that some people who say some bad, stupid things on social media can be arrested, charged and jailed within a matter of weeks, but some people who brutally and violently assault police officers have not even been charged many months later?
The hon.
Member will know that in this country we have operational independence for the police, and independence for the Crown Prosecution  Service and the courts.
I strongly support police officers, who have faced cases of the most disgraceful violence and attacks.
It is important that we support our police in the face of those attacks and ensure that they have the whole community behind them.