By imposing blanket regulations that do not consider the unique needs of our communities, the Bill risks alienating the very workforce it aims to protect.
We must ensure that employment regulations support businesses and workers alike.
Imposing regulations that add costs without first offering support will harm the very people Labour claims to champion.
For our small businesses in Leicester, many of which work with razor-thin margins, the burdens imposed by the Bill will be  overwhelming.
It is one thing to champion workers’ rights, but quite another to do so in a way that risks the survival of the very businesses that provide the jobs.
Let us not forget that successful businesses are the best way to secure meaningful long-term employment.
Our decisions in this House will shape the future of our country for generations to come.
It is imperative that we approach these challenges in a spirit of collaboration, transcending partisan divides to serve the best interests of all our constituents.
With our nation facing economic challenges, the Bill risks raising costs for consumers and worsening the cost of living crisis, particularly in communities like Leicester East, where many are already struggling to make ends meet.
We must find solutions that protect workers without penalising local businesses and their customers.
I am honoured to stand before the House as the Member for Leicester East, and I warmly invite you, Madam Deputy Speaker, and all hon.
Members to visit our great city.
You can join us for our glorious Diwali celebrations, our annual Pride parade or our vibrant Caribbean carnival.
Come and experience the city where fish and chips are just as popular as samosas and kebabs, and where Stilton and Red Leicester cheeses sit alongside Italian pizza and French patisserie.
The road ahead may be challenging, but it is also filled with possibilities.
I firmly believe that not only Leicester’s but our country’s greatest days are ahead of us, and I am grateful to be able to play my part, championing my constituents in that endeavour.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
As a proud trade union member, I refer to the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests, and congratulate  the hon.
Member for Weald of Kent (Katie Lam)  on her moving maiden speech.
It is with great pride and humility that I rise today for the first time as the elected Member for Hyndburn and Haslingden.
I start by paying tribute to my immediate predecessor, Sara Britcliffe, for her commitment to Hyndburn and for leading the way as the first woman to represent the constituency.
I cannot make this speech without also paying tribute to the previous Labour Member, Graham Jones, whose selfless support and kindness I am privileged to have received.
Graham is the most fierce champion of Lancashire: he has fought tirelessly for the people of Hyndburn, and is a man you always want in your corner.
With the north-west of England being scourged with gambling-related suicides, particularly among young men, Graham led the successful campaign to reduce the maximum stake on fixed-odds betting terminals from £100 to just £2.
That campaign will undoubtedly have saved and improved many lives.
It may surprise Members when I say that Hyndburn is not a real place.
No one really relates to being from Hyndburn; instead, they identify proudly as a resident of Accrington, Great Harwood, Rishton, Altham, Oswaldtwistle, Clayton-le-Moors or Church.
Each of those communities has its own rich history, culture and identity.
My constituency is the home of the largest Tiffany glass collection in Europe, the Accrington Pals, and the Nori brick, which was used to build the Empire State Building.
It is also the home of one of the 12 founder members of the football league, whose legacy is continued by Accrington Stanley football club.
I am sure the House will join me in congratulating the boys on their third win on the trot against Barrow at the weekend.