We have two dogs of our own.
Some of you will know Scooby from the campaign trail.
He has become so famous that my Wikipedia page simply states:
“Personal life: He has a dog called Scooby.”
I assure you that I have more of a personal life than that—and a second dog, a puggle called Monki.
It is no secret that I am just a little bit patriotic.
When you represent Dover and Deal, how could you not be?
For centuries, we have stood strong against invaders and threats, from Napoleon to the Nazis.
Dover and Deal has always been at the heart of Britain’s story, and I am committed to ensuring that we remain a proud  and prosperous part of the country’s future.
Dover and Deal is where national challenges meet local reality.
We are a community on the frontline of issues such as border security, immigration and trade.
We face these challenges with the strength and sense of duty that has always defined us.
Under this Government, Dover and Deal will be treated with the respect it deserves.
My vision is for a Dover and Deal where our community can thrive, with improved infrastructure, stronger public services and more opportunities for young people to build their futures there.
We are more than a point of transit; we are a community of hard-working people who keep our port running, our businesses thriving and our public services going.
As we debate the future of workers’ rights, I want to say on record that the P&O Ferries scandal, which affected so many of my constituents, must never be repeated.
That is why I fully support this Bill.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What discussions she has had with the Scottish Government on the potential merits of devolving the power to introduce a Scottish visa scheme.
The hon.
Gentleman has raised this issue on a number of occasions.
He will be aware that we are not introducing a Scottish visa scheme or devolving control of immigration policy, and this has been made clear to the Scottish Government.
Instead, we must together address the underlying causes of skills shortages and overseas recruitment in different parts of the UK, which this Government are doing.
I thank the Minister for her tiresome and repetitive response.
She will know that Scotland has a whole range of demographic and population difficulties that need to be urgently addressed, with every sector from social care to hospitality, including business leaders, calling out for drastic action.
Even her Scottish Labour colleagues are beginning to understand the enormity of this task.
Today we find that Labour’s grotesque two-child benefit cap is now having an impact on Scotland’s birth rate.
Instead of slapping down her Scottish colleagues and rejecting this idea out of hand, why does she not work with us just to see if it might actually work?
The hon.
Gentleman knows that net migration must come down.
It trebled under the last Government, largely driven by overseas recruitment.
Immigration is a reserved matter, working in the interests of the whole UK.
Previous schemes along the lines that he has suggested have succeeded only in restricting movement and rights and creating internal UK borders.
Adding different rules for different locations would also increase complexity and create frictions when workers move locations.
Scotland is a diverse place.
Some areas are seeing depopulation, but areas such as East Lothian, which I represent, are seeing unprecedented population growth.
Will the Minister commit to working constructively with the Scottish Government on their woeful population strategy, which in 17 years has comprehensively failed to address Scotland’s demographic challenges?
We are committed to working with the Scottish Government on this and all issues.
Indeed, many of the levers to address depopulation in Scotland are in powers that the Scottish Government already have at their disposal.