Those gangs have been getting away with this for far too long.
That is why the Government have set up a new border security command, led by former police chief Martin Hewitt, to work with other countries to go after the gangs.
Small boat crossings is an issue raised by residents, but we know that organised crime stretches beyond people smuggling.
In my Portsmouth North constituency we recently saw the sentencing of a criminal gang that attempted to smuggle 2.3 tonnes of  cocaine into the city from Colombia.
Can the Secretary of State expand on how we are tackling organised crime relating to smuggling drugs and dangerous weapons into our ports, to ensure that those things do not hit our streets?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
There are many different threats to our border security, which is why we have set up the border security command to draw together the work of different agencies, including on dangerous drug smuggling and organised crime, bringing together Border Force, the National Crime Agency, the intelligence and security agencies and local police forces.
The border security command’s first priority will be to deal with the dangerous boat crossings that are undermining security and putting lives at risk, but as part of its work it will be dealing with the wider threats to our borders as well.
I thank the Home Secretary for her answer about the criminal gangs.
People in Bristol North East also ask me about deterrence.
What reassurance can I give them that this action is being backed up with measures to stop illegal working by people who do not have a right to work here?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point about how employers have exploited illegal migration.
As a result, we set up a major programme through the summer, including raids, pursuing illegal working in different places across the country.
We have also substantially increased our work on returns, including redeploying 1,000 additional staff to work on returns and enforcement, to make sure the rules are being properly respected and enforced.
That has led to an increase of more than 20% in enforced returns this summer.
Given that dangerous foreign criminals have been using the European convention on human rights as a loophole to remain in the UK, does the Home Secretary agree that it is time to leave the ECHR and restore the sovereignty of our own borders?
The purpose of setting up a border security command is to strengthen the security of our borders.
We will do that by working with other countries.
It is crucial that we do so to tackle the gangs and the boats before they reach the French coast in the first place.
We have increased our co-operation, with new agreements in place with the G7, Europol and Italy, and we are working on new agreements with France, Germany and Belgium.
Those agreements would not be possible if we were somehow abandoning international law.
As the House will be aware, there have been recent crossings.
Is the Home Secretary considering reopening hotels to house asylum seekers, and if so will she commit to keeping the House informed about the methodology for choosing those hotels and ensuring that constituency Members are informed at the appropriate time?
Ensuring that constituency Members are informed is something that I take seriously.
It often did not happen in the past, but it is important and it needs to happen.
The overall situation that we inherited  included an asylum backlog that was increasing because asylum decision making had totally collapsed.
We have now increased that decision making so that we can clear the backlog and end hotel use.
Sadly, that will take time—because of the soaring backlog we inherited as a result of the collapse in decision making—but we are determined to ensure that we can clear the backlog and save the taxpayer hundreds of millions, if not billions, of pounds.