Like my hon.
Friend, the Government value the role of peaceful protest as part of our proud democratic tradition.
The Government regularly review the adequacy of existing legislation.
The right to protest, and the courage of people taking to the streets to demand change, have given us many of our cherished social advancements—from the suffragettes demanding votes for women to the Race Relations Act 1965—but the sheer number of powers to restrict protest is resulting in peaceful protesters being  arrested and sentenced to lengthy periods in prison.
The previous Government pushed through a range of such laws despite opposition from senior policing figures and from Members across all parties.
When will a comprehensive review of the state of protest take place, with a view to repealing powers that unnecessarily restrict the right to peaceful protest?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that important issue.
As she knows, there will be post-legislative scrutiny of the legislation passed by the previous Government.
As the previous Government agreed, it will be considered in due course.
Recent footage of Metropolitan police officers saying that the description of Hezbollah as a terror group was a matter of “opinion” is alarming.
The officers in question were deployed to a march in central London where support for Hezbollah was openly displayed, yet many offenders were only identified by photos on social media after the event.
Will the Minister ensure that all officers are fully briefed on the proscribed status of Hezbollah, Hamas and other terrorist organisations, so that offenders are arrested on the spot, and not allowed to spew antisemitic hate on our streets?
We are all clear that Hezbollah are a proscribed organisation.
The police take great care when they police protests; there is a great deal of briefing for officers beforehand.
However, the way that those protests are policed is operationally independent.
I have been to see and talk to officers who are on the frontline at those protests, and I know that it is a difficult job.
We should all say a big “thank you” for the work that they do.
There have been many protests over the last 12 months that the police have dealt with, and many officers have had rest days cancelled to ensure adequate policing on our streets.
Southwark police officers recently told Bermondsey safety action group that they struggled to prevent or solve crime due to extraction duties, when they have to police repeat protests elsewhere in London.
Does the Minister believe that the Met needs new powers to refuse permission for some repetitive protests in the capital, or should it use existing powers better to resolve and reduce extraction duties and increase safety in my community?
Police numbers are an issue, which is why this Government are clear about recruiting more neighbourhood police officers to increase that presence on our streets.
I recognise that what my hon.
Friend has said about extraction is an issue for the Metropolitan police in particular when dealing with protests.
Clearly, we want all criminals to be dealt with by the police, and we need sufficient numbers of police officers to do that.
Although we respect and would protect the right to peaceful protest, antisemitic and Islamophobic offences have been reported at many recent protests.
Those have contributed to an astonishing and shocking 25% increase in religiously aggravated hate crimes in this country, as  was revealed last week.
The Community Security Trust reports an almost 500% rise in antisemitic incidents, and Tell MAMA has recorded the highest ever number of anti-Muslim incidents.
Can the Minister reassure us on what the Government will do to help the police continue to keep communities safe, and police protests in a way that does that?
The figures that the hon.
Lady sets out are shocking.
This Government are clear that there is no place in our society for antisemitism or Islamophobia.
There are already meetings about how we can tackle that rise.