Of course, Conservative Members do not oppose the principle of offshoring, but we are perplexed by the Government’s choice of destination, a small British overseas territory thousands of miles from Diego Garcia,  not least because a number of asylum seekers who landed on the British Indian Ocean Territory have already been transferred to Rwanda.
Labour has of course scrapped the Rwanda scheme, so can the Minister tell the House whether the Government’s approach has changed, and whether they welcome offshoring as a means of injecting deterrence into the complexities of illegal migration?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his comments and questions.
He has always taken a keen interest in the overseas territories, and St Helena in particular.
I am surprised that he is perplexed, because he and his fellow Ministers were grappling with these very decisions and issues in the last Government.
We are providing pragmatic and practical solutions to respond to the situation that we inherited.
There is no comparison with the Rwanda scheme.
He will have just heard the Home Secretary say that spending £700 million of taxpayers’ money resulted in four volunteers for that scheme.
This is a mutually beneficial win-win agreement between the United Kingdom and one of our overseas territories.
I have set out the cost very clearly: £6.65 million for the contingency arrangement, and then the costs for anyone who does arrive.
Let me reiterate, however, that no migrants have arrived on BIOT since 2022.
This is a contingency arrangement that is absolutely necessary, but of course we hope that no one will choose to take such a dangerous route.
The right hon.
Gentleman referred to the healthcare position.
That is exactly why St Helena is a more suitable location for any theoretical migrants to be relocated to; facilities on that level do not exist on BIOT.
He mentioned that there is allegedly disquiet in St Helena, but that is simply not the case.
I read out very clearly what the St Helena Government and Chief Minister have said, and there are huge benefits to this plan.
St Helena is a wonderful place.
I have not had a chance to visit it, but I have had a chance to experience its culture, food and people, and I look forward to welcoming the Chief Minister to the Joint Ministerial Council in due course.
I am interested to hear how offshoring is being rebranded; the Rwanda scheme was a huge failure.
Does the Minister agree that any comparison between this plan and the Rwanda scheme is rubbish?
The latter cost £700 million and resulted in four volunteers being sent to Rwanda.
This is a far better scheme.
My hon.
Friend makes the point himself in his question: this is a mutually beneficial, win-win agreement between us and St Helena, whereas the other scheme cost £700 million and sent four volunteers to Rwanda.
There is no comparison.
We come to the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The Liberal Democrats have already put on the record our concerns about the deal that was struck with Mauritius and how it excluded the voices of Chagossians.
We also have concerns about the terms of the agreement.
What will happen to the individuals who have been moved to St Helena after 18 months elapse?
We cannot just abandon them.
Will the  Minister update the House on what will happen if an agreement with Mauritius has not been reached by the end of the 18-month period?
Can the Minister also update the House on the asylum seekers who have been detained on Diego Garcia, such as the 60 Sri Lankan Tamils?
They are not in the scope of the agreement.
Will the Government support those individuals in claiming asylum where they need it?
Finally, it has been reported today that there is an investigation under way into a major hack of the British high commission’s phones during the Chagos islands talks.