I first got involved in politics because I think it is wrong that, far too often, the postcode where people are born determines so many of their life outcomes.
For as long as I am privileged to represent Hyndburn and Haslingden, I will work tirelessly to ensure that children born in Clayton have the same life chances as those born in Chelsea, and I will make it my mission to represent them in the corridors of power, but I will also make it my mission to be present, transparent, and accessible as a local champion for the residents of Hyndburn and Haslingden.
It is an immense privilege to be here today as the Member of Parliament for Dover and Deal.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests: I am a proud  small business owner and a union member, and it is fantastic to see so many Labour Members who are small business owners speaking in support of the Bill.
Over the past two years, I have knocked on thousands of doors, spoken to families, business owners and workers, and listened to their hopes and concerns.
Today, I bring their voice to this House, but first I pay tribute to my predecessor, who was and still is an ardent champion on housing issues.
Before the general election, she sent a clear message to the country when she crossed the Floor of the House to join the Labour party.
Dover and Deal is the gateway to Britain, with our port bringing £144 billion of trade into the country, but it is also a place rich in history, resilience and community spirit.
From the iconic white cliffs to the finest castle in Britain, and from the newly reopened Roman painted house to the proud former mining communities in Aylesham, Snowdon and Betteshanger, we represent the very best of what it means to be British.
We also have beautiful coastal paths with some truly great pub stops along the way, as Members have probably seen from my social media; they include the King’s Head and the Forresters in Deal, the Zetland Arms in Kingsdown and Cullins Yard in Dover.
We have castles in Dover, Walmer and Deal.
I wonder whether my constituency has the most castles in the country, but I am open to challenge on that.
My commitment to public service and hard work stems well and truly from my upbringing.
One grandad flew the Catalina flying boats that took out Nazi submarines, and then went on to sell Colman’s mustard from Cambridge.
The other grandad was a lifelong, distinguished Royal Mail worker, and that generation’s unwavering spirit of hard work runs through my family.
My father, a dedicated police officer, and my mother, a social worker, showed me that real service is about standing strong for others.
Their steadfast dedication to helping those in need taught me that strength is found not in titles, but in the service we provide to those around us.
That lesson has guided me in my own life—in the Army, in a counter-terror role at the National Crime Agency, and now as the proud Member of Parliament for Dover and Deal.
But I do not stand here alone.
I pay tribute to my wife—my hero—who came from Estonia at just 18 years of age, 16 years ago.
She has always been and will always be my rock, having supported me through a very difficult and long campaign.
Linda has shown remarkable resilience and dedication in turning her passion for dogs into her own thriving small business, which will continue to thrive and grow under this new Bill.
We have two dogs of our own.
Some of you will know Scooby from the campaign trail.
He has become so famous that my Wikipedia page simply states:
“Personal life: He has a dog called Scooby.”