They are not in the scope of the agreement.
Will the Government support those individuals in claiming asylum where they need it?
Finally, it has been reported today that there is an investigation under way into a major hack of the British high commission’s phones during the Chagos islands talks.
What action are the Government taking to address this potentially major security breach?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his questions.
As I said, the Foreign Secretary answered questions about the agreement with Mauritius on BIOT earlier, but the hon.
Gentleman asks for further details of the arrangement with St Helena.
Under the arrangement, if any migrants arrive on BIOT in the future, they will be transferred to St Helena.
They will remain free to depart, and to return to their country of origin, but they will not be able to stay on BIOT.
St Helena would take responsibility for accommodating those individuals and, if appropriate, processing asylum claims.
The hon.
Gentleman mentions existing migrants on the island.
They are not included in this arrangement, and we continue to work at pace to find long-term, durable solutions.
I will not go into the details; that would be inappropriate, given the legal complexities around the small group of individuals who are there.
On his point about the media coverage of alleged hacks, those are subject to an ongoing police investigation in Mauritius, so I do not want to comment, but my understanding is that the allegations are historical, rather than related to the recent negotiation period.
I really welcome the statement, and the clarity that has come with it.
Who will ultimately be responsible for people when they find themselves in St Helena?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
Fundamentally, as a result of this agreement, St Helena has agreed to take responsibility for any theoretical migrants who arrive, but I draw him back to what I said earlier: Mauritius would take responsibility for any migrants who arrived after the agreement of the treaty, which we will seek to finalise following parliamentary scrutiny.
The Minister really should understand that the British overseas territories are self-governing democracies, and they must make decisions about their own islands’ governance.
Has the Legislative Council of St Helena voted in favour of this agreement?
Have the people of St Helena been consulted?
What impact will the influx of people potentially have on this small island territory of only 4,500 people, and will the agreement have any impact on Tristan da Cunha and Ascension Island, which, as the Minister knows, form part of the overall British overseas territories?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question; I know he takes a very keen interest in this matter.
We have discussed the overseas territories on  many occasions, and he knows how seriously I take their democracy and autonomy.
That is why it is important to reiterate to the House that this agreement was freely entered into by the Government of St Helena.
They have publicly welcomed it profusely and explained why it is beneficial.
Obviously, they are responsible for their internal processes within St Helena.
We will continue to work with the Government of St Helena, their representatives and, indeed, their Attorney General as we move forward with the agreement.
If I may, I will come back to the hon.
Gentleman on the point he raises about Tristan da Cunha and Ascension, but the agreement is primarily about St Helena because of the facilities that are available there.
Does the Minister agree that the UK’s new agreement with Mauritius will close a potentially dangerous illegal migrant route?
My hon.
Friend is right: BIOT is not a suitable place for migrants to be present.
There is no permanent population and there are not the necessary education and health facilities.