It will help it to deal with a number of ongoing issues.
I have set out the details fully.
The full details of the agreement are also available from the St Helena Government.
It is welcome to hear St Helena mentioned in the House.
The money going there amounts to an increase of about 20% in financial aid from the UK this year, which is sorely needed in a community that is so challenged; but will the Minister explain how he will convey people from BIOT to St Helena, given the travel  difficulties, and tell us what conversations he has had with the Chief Minister and her Ministers about where these people will be accommodated, if they do arrive?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her interest in St Helena, which has been long-standing.
I understand that she visited the island recently, and I welcome her ongoing engagement with the people and the Government there.
We have made it clear that we would support the transfer of anyone who did arrive, but let me reiterate that no one has actually arrived on BIOT since 2022.
This is a contingency measure only, and, of course, it is not a safe place for people to attempt to go to.
This is about closing that route and ensuring that if anyone did make that attempt, they could go to a safe place and be properly supported.
The St Helena Government have made clear how they would accommodate and integrate people in that community.
I call the shadow Foreign Secretary.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hamble Valley (Paul Holmes)  for raising this important matter.
The whole House will welcome the Government’s sudden conversion to offshoring, even though this plan was not announced in the House in accordance with your specific instructions, Mr Speaker.
I may be one of the only Members to have had the privilege of visiting St Helena, along with the hon.
Member for Hackney North and Shoreditch—
I have.
And you, of course, Mr Speaker.
We may have been the only Members to survey the island’s new airport, which will in time relieve the British taxpayer of cost and open up the island to a very bright future, with connectivity massively enhanced.
While I was in St Helena, I met the oldest mammal on the planet, born a few years after Napoleon’s death: Jonathan the tortoise.
I also visited the island’s impressive hospital, which provides very good healthcare but is a small facility whose function has been specifically tailored to serve the commensurately small community of St Helena.
The cohort of people who might arrive from Diego Garcia are likely to have medical needs—indeed, as experience shows, quite complex medical needs.
That will place additional pressure on St Helena’s healthcare infrastructure.
What will the Minister do to help St Helena with that?
There is some disquiet among residents of St Helena at the thought that an influx of migrants could have an adverse impact on social cohesion and social provision in this very tightly knit community.
What is the estimated number of migrants who will be sent there?
Bearing in mind that the entire population is less than 5,000, will the Minister impose a limit—admittedly low, but nevertheless a limit?
Has he made an assessment of how much this transfer policy will cost the British taxpayer?
Of course, Conservative Members do not oppose the principle of offshoring, but we are perplexed by the Government’s choice of destination, a small British overseas territory thousands of miles from Diego Garcia,  not least because a number of asylum seekers who landed on the British Indian Ocean Territory have already been transferred to Rwanda.
Labour has of course scrapped the Rwanda scheme, so can the Minister tell the House whether the Government’s approach has changed, and whether they welcome offshoring as a means of injecting deterrence into the complexities of illegal migration?
I thank the right hon.