When I was Home Secretary, on numerous occasions I had to deal with foreign VIPs demanding, or requesting, a level of protection that we did not feel was appropriate.
Does the Home Secretary recognise the difficult position that she has put her own Foreign Secretary in when such future requests come in and they have to be denied, as those individuals will pray in aid the protection package put in place for a rockstar?
I remind the right hon.
Gentleman and the House that concerts were cancelled in Vienna because of a terror threat that the CIA identified could harm tens of thousands of people.
I sat in this very Chamber last week in front of Figen Murray—the mother of Martyn, who was killed at an event in Manchester.
The idea that we should not take that security seriously is, I am afraid, something that I simply do not agree with.
What steps her Department is taking to help prevent young people from becoming involved in violent crime.
Knife crime takes far too many young lives in this country, so the Government have set a mission—not just for the Government but for policing and local communities right across the country—to halve knife crime over the next decade.
As part of that, we have already implemented the ban on zombie knives and zombie-style machetes, and we will now act quickly to ban ninja swords following the campaigning by Pooja Kanda after the death of her son.
I thank the Home Secretary for that reply on knife crime.
I welcome the Government’s commitment in the Young Futures programme to preventing young people from being drawn into crime.
A number of gang-associated girls are drawn into crime, and although rape and sexual exploitation is such a traumatising experience, many of those young girls do not see themselves as victims.
Fantastic organisations such as Abianda and Milk Honey Bees work to support women.
Will the Department consider providing tailored support for young women through the Young Futures programme?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
I know that she has championed that issue over many years.
The Young Futures programme will include youth hubs to draw together services around young people—I used the concept of a teenage Sure Start to bring young people’s services together.
We also need youth prevention programmes across all areas.
She is right to highlight that this must be about young girls as well as young boys to ensure that we tackle the threats to young people’s safety from violent crime.
Helping young people to stay safe, and to have somewhere to go and, crucially, someone to talk to, is key to their transition in life, particularly to prevent them from being drawn into antisocial behaviour, retail crime and knife or gang-related crime.
Could the Home Secretary confirm that, through devolution, there will be continued support for police and crime commissioners, such as Katie Bourne in Sussex, who can provide a direct link between residents’ concerns about their young people and work with local police to take preventive measures?
Police and crime commissioners have a crucial role to play as part of the mission to reduce serious violence, as do local authorities.
The hon.
Lady is right that local partnerships will best be able to target young people who are at greatest risk, and ensure that proper prevention programmes are in place.
As we know, many of those services have been hollowed out over a long period, and it is important that we have partnership working to rebuild them.
I hope that we can work cross-party on that—not just with police and crime commissioners but with MPs across the country.
If she will commission an independent review into the adequacy of legislation on the policing of protests.
Like my hon.
Friend, the Government value the role of peaceful protest as part of our proud democratic tradition.
The Government regularly review the adequacy of existing legislation.