Lady sets out are shocking.
This Government are clear that there is no place in our society for antisemitism or Islamophobia.
There are already meetings about how we can tackle that rise.
It is shocking and it will not be tolerated.
In some recent protests, the police have clearly had a difficult job to do, but I commend their work to tackle antisemitism and Islamophobia.
We know that the police take their responsibilities seriously and that they do so without fear or favour.
If she will increase funding for policing in the London borough of Havering.
The Government are of course committed to ensuring that the police have the resources that they need to tackle crime effectively.
As I am sure the hon.
Gentleman knows, funding beyond this year, including for the Metropolitan Police Service, will be confirmed following the upcoming multi-year spending review.
Given the increasing pressures on the police service, does the Minister accept that officer morale, retention, recruitment and ability to solve crimes are severely compromised, with police officers overworked, underpaid and subjected to unprecedented rises in bureaucratic processes—often dealing with things that police do not traditionally deal with, such as mental health care and social work? [
Interruption. ]
Will the Minister explain how the Government plan to address those critical issues, especially in terms of improving officer retention, recruitment, crime-solving capacity and the overwhelming levels of bureaucracy, so that constituents in Romford can feel safe in their own town again? [
Interruption. ]
Order.
Mr Rosindell, you should know better.
I did not cough twice for my own benefit—it was meant to be for yours.
The hon.
Gentleman is a very experienced Member of this House.
He has supported 14 years of Conservative government that have left us coming into government with a criminal justice system, including policing, that is in grave difficulty.
I take the point that he raises, but he needs to recognise the role that he and his party have played in getting us to this point.
Our aim now is to recruit more police officers, as the Home Secretary has said, and to increase neighbourhood policing as the bedrock of policing in this country.
We all want to see more funding for our police in Havering and Hackney and across London,  but a reduction in crime would also help them.
What conversations are Ministers having with mobile phone manufacturers to try to drive down phone snatches by people on bikes and reduce such street crime, which is really growing in London?
I am very grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that point.
Those conversations are ongoing; later this month, conversations will take place on what more can be done to ensure that the manufacturers take their responsibility seriously and do everything they can to stop the trade in parts, which is a particular issue with mobile phones.
If she will make an assessment of the potential merits of removing Georgia from her Department’s list of safe countries for removals, in the context of the recent passage of legislation on LGBT rights in that country.
Mr Speaker, I suspect I might be coughing almost as much as you, but for a completely different reason.
We constantly update our assessment of LGBT rights and other factors affecting the safety of different countries, working closely with the Foreign Office and informed by regular independent reports from the chief inspector of borders and immigration.
The latest update for Georgia was published last month and is available on the gov.uk website.
The safe state designation that the previous Government introduced was intended to allow Georgian and Indian nationals to be returned without any individualised assessment of the safety of the country for each person.
In both countries, persecution of certain minorities is on the rise; that makes their inclusion on the list particularly wrong, but also highlights the wider dangers of blanket inadmissibility of asylum claims based on nationality.