The overall situation that we inherited  included an asylum backlog that was increasing because asylum decision making had totally collapsed.
We have now increased that decision making so that we can clear the backlog and end hotel use.
Sadly, that will take time—because of the soaring backlog we inherited as a result of the collapse in decision making—but we are determined to ensure that we can clear the backlog and save the taxpayer hundreds of millions, if not billions, of pounds.
Given the Home Secretary’s claim that she would smash the gangs, with £540 million to upgrade the Manston centre, asylum hotels reopening rapidly and 14,000 small boat crossings since she took office, is that the plan that she had for her new border commander?
Might it be fair to say that it is not going very well?
I gently point out to the hon.
Gentleman what we inherited from the previous Government.
In the first six months of the year, there were the highest number of boat crossings on record because of the total failure of their programme, including spending £700 million on a scheme to send four people—four volunteers—to Rwanda.
As for the contract, he may be interested to learn that the first Manston contract notice was issued on  4 December 2023  under the previous Home Secretary for £700 million for six years with no suggested break clauses.
The new contract is not only substantially cheaper because we have made savings, but also includes break clauses so that we can close, change or reduce the contract to save the taxpayer money, which the previous Government failed to do.
What steps her Department is taking to increase public trust and confidence in policing.
What steps her Department is taking to increase public trust and confidence in policing.
What steps she is taking to monitor and maintain standards of police conduct.
Restoring confidence in policing is one of the core aims of the Government’s safer streets mission.
That means ensuring robust responses to the crimes that devastate lives and corrode our communities.
We are also committed to improving police standards, and will announce steps to strengthen the police misconduct and vetting system shortly.
It is almost two years since Warwickshire police issued a community protection notice against Warwickshire hunt.
Eight months later, it was mysteriously replaced by a secret protocol.
The police and crime commissioner, who receives financial support from the Countryside Alliance, claims that he knew nothing of the protocol.
The chief constable refused to give me a copy and now she has resigned, claiming retirement.
Trust in the PCC and the leadership of Warwickshire police has been seriously damaged.
Will the Minister  meet me to discuss the need for a truly independent inquiry, as opposed to the sham one being undertaken by the PCC?
I thank my hon.
Friend and as a local to Warwickshire I take a keen interest in those matters myself.
Of course, I will meet him, along with the Minister for Policing, Fire and Crime Prevention, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull North and Cottingham (Dame Diana Johnson) .
It is vital that the public can trust that those who police us, and who are in charge of our police, are held to account as everybody else should be.
Despite town and city councils in Cornwall employing street rangers and antisocial behaviour officers and having ShopWatch radios funded from their precept or business improvement districts, shop managers still struggle with shoplifting and ASB.
The record under our Conservative PCC on answering and responding to 101 calls is poor, and those crimes are chronically under-reported.
Shop workers feel powerless and there is a desperate need for more neighbourhood police.
Can the Minister explain how trust in police and the rule of law will be restored to retail staff and shop managers?