Friend the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology is prioritising action on online deepfake abuse.
We now come to the shadow Home Secretary.
In her statement to the House on  29 July , the Chancellor said that asylum accommodation costs being drawn down from Treasury reserves were “unfunded and undisclosed”—a description that I reject.
Can the Home Secretary now confirm to the House that asylum accommodation costs will be disclosed and, more importantly, funded from her departmental budget, and that she will not be drawing down from Treasury reserves to pay for asylum accommodation costs?
Will she reject the Chancellor’s description and say that she will fund those costs in the same way that I did?
The former Home Secretary—the current shadow Home Secretary—now seems to be admitting to the totally chaotic state of asylum accommodation finances.
He had to continually seek last-minute reserve claims, because his Government had underfunded the asylum accommodation problems that they had caused by letting the asylum backlog soar.
As a result, the taxpayer ended up footing the bill.
This Government will be making savings from asylum accommodation by getting the system back in order.
I know that the right hon.
Member has been kicked out of the Tory party leadership contest because he cannot count.
Order.
I say to the Home Secretary that I expect short answers.
These are topicals.
If there are questions where she wants to go long, she should do so early.
Otherwise, it is not fair to the Back Benchers I represent on both sides of the House.
We will now be staying here longer than she probably expected.
James Cleverly, let us have a good example of a short topical.
Will she be drawing down from Treasury reserves—yes or no?
This Government have already been putting in place the funding to try to make good the total chaos that the right hon.
Member’s Government left us with.
They spent £700 million to send four volunteers to Rwanda—and how much did he spend on a flight?
Refugee women and girls, who are often already survivors of gender-based violence, are at significant risk of abuse, coercion and worse when housed in hotels pending the processing of their applications, as I know the Home Secretary is aware from her substantial work on the issue.
Will she please update the House on what steps the Department is taking to end the use of hotel accommodation for women and girls?
My hon.
Friend is right that we have an extensive challenge with the backlog, which means that very expensive hotels are too often used as asylum accommodation.
We need to clear the backlog and ensure that we end hotel use, but that also means addressing the serious challenges around violence against women and girls.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
This is Black History Month, and we honour the Windrush generation, who were let down shamefully by the previous Conservative Government—first by the appalling Windrush scandal itself, but then by their failure to fully implement the Williams review and the compensation scheme.
The parliamentary ombudsman has now found that the Home Office is wrongly denying compensation payments, so will the Home Secretary commit to urgently appointing a Windrush commissioner, as she promised back in June, to lead on righting these wrongs?
We will be appointing a Windrush commissioner.
This is something I feel strongly about.
The hon.
Member will know that as the Select Committee Chair, I asked many questions about the Windrush  scandal.
It is a stain not just on the Home Office, but on the British state, and it is important we right those wrongs.
In 14 years of Tory government, police numbers were decimated across our country, including in my constituency.
Durham constabulary lost 408 officers, a third of its strength.
What steps will the Government take to put police officers back on our streets?