Member will know that in this country we have operational independence for the police, and independence for the Crown Prosecution  Service and the courts.
I strongly support police officers, who have faced cases of the most disgraceful violence and attacks.
It is important that we support our police in the face of those attacks and ensure that they have the whole community behind them.
The Home Secretary may be aware of the data that the Internet Watch Foundation released last week on the increasing amount of AI-generated child sexual abuse content available to everyone on the internet, finding that it has increased in the last six months alone.
That is clearly illegal, so what are the UK Government doing to stamp down on that horrific crime?
Let me make it clear that the new Government intend very swiftly to set up new taskforces to ensure that across Departments—in this case, with our counterparts in the Department for Science, Innovation  and Technology—we do everything we can to end the scourge of online child abuse, and child abuse not online.
I call Jim Shannon—or are you not standing?
I am always standing, Mr Speaker.
What efforts have been taken in schools to show the opportunities available in the police force, to enhance career opportunities for young people?
I’ll be watching you!
It is always a pleasure to answer the hon.
Gentleman.
That work will be ongoing.
We want to recruit from the widest possible groups in our communities, and to encourage young people to think about a career in policing.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Foreign Secretary if he will make a statement on the new immigration arrangements between the UK Government and St Helena.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
I have been asked to reply as the Minister for the Overseas Territories.
I know that these are issues of keen interest to you, Mr Speaker.
The House is aware that a political agreement has been reached with Mauritius about the long-term future of the British Indian Ocean Territory.
Once any treaty with Mauritius comes into force, following its proper parliamentary scrutiny, Mauritius will be responsible for any migrants who arrive there.
However, we needed to find an interim contingency solution for the period before that agreement comes into force.
Given that there is no permanent population, BIOT has never been an appropriate long-term location for migrants due to the logistical challenges of providing appropriate care in such a remote place without civilian infrastructure.
On  15 October , a new memorandum of understanding was reached with the Government of St Helena so that any new migrants arriving in the interim period will be transferred to St Helena.
The intention is for that agreement to last until the treaty with Mauritius comes into force, recalling that, in practice, no new migrants have arrived on Diego Garcia since 2022.
We are hugely grateful to the St Helena Government for their assistance.
Their Chief Minister has said:
“This arrangement presents a unique opportunity for a British Overseas Territory to be in a position to assist the UK, and we are pleased to be able to work in close partnership with the UK Government towards a mutually beneficial solution.”
The UK Government have agreed to provide one-off funding of £6.65 million to St Helena to improve health and education outcomes, and upgrade government infrastructure.
This is consistent with our long-term support to the community in St Helena, which is of course crucial.
This is a long-term, consistent partnership.
We will support St Helena by providing technical support, and funding the transfer and subsistence costs for any migrants affected.
Of course, this is not the first time that St Helena has supported the wider UK family.
The agreement is testament to its integral place in our family.
We thank it for its support.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for granting this urgent question.