I wrote to the Home Secretary about that on  1 September  and I have raised it with the Minister for Immigration in Westminster Hall, but I have not had an answer.
Can she explain that double counting, and if she cannot, will she apologise for using that statistic in the House of Commons?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, the impact assessment is provided by the Home Office, and what we inherited from the previous Government was not simply the incredibly costly Rwanda programme, but also the retrospective element of the Illegal Migration Act 2023, which was so damaging that the shadow Home Secretary, when he was in the job, did not implement many of the measures.
That retrospective element has cost the Home Office hundreds of millions of pounds, and those costs would go forward into the future.
We want to support genuine refugees, but will the Home Secretary provide an update on the progress on returns and deportations of illegal migrants, and say how the new command arrangements improve on the arrangements of the previous Government?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
To tackle the chaos in the asylum system the rules need to be properly respected and enforced.
That is why we have increased by more than 20% the enforced returns over the summer of those who have no right to be here.
We have also increased the number of charter flights, including the biggest ever charter flight return.
Given that the turnout for the Devon and Cornwall police and crime commissioner election in May was just 18%, will the Minister look to scrap that role and instead invest that money in proper community policing in rural constituencies such as mine of North Cornwall?
The Government have no plans to scrap the role of police and crime commissioner.
We think it is a valuable role that can enable the missions that this Government have set out to be enacted locally, including the safer streets mission.
We need to work with the PCCs to make sure that mission happens in the different force areas around the country.
PCCs also have a role to play with their other partners, local authorities and the voluntary sector.
Noisy off-road bikes speed around neighbourhoods such as Chapeltown in my constituency, deliberately disturbing and intimidating residents.
Will the Home Secretary commit to properly tackling off-road bikes by giving the police the right powers to crack down on this issue?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point, and I thank her for standing up for her community.
We want to strengthen the law to give the police more powers to tackle the nightmare of dangerous off-road bikes.
When last year the now Home Secretary called on the then Conservative Government to use counter-terror legislation to proscribe organisations such as the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, she will remember that I supported her publicly.
Since then, Iran and the IRGC have got even more dangerous.
Has she changed her mind, and if so, why?
I have huge respect for the right hon.
Gentleman, but I gently point out that he is asking the Government to do something that the previous Government did not do in 14 years.
I can say to him that we are leading work on countering Iranian state threats, making use of the full breadth and expertise of our intelligence services and law enforcement agencies.
We keep the list of proscribed organisations under very close review.
I can assure him that work continues apace to identify further ways to tackle the threat.
UK universities have experienced a fivefold increase in antisemitic incidents since the  7 October  terrorist attacks.
At a recent meeting of the Union of Jewish Students, I heard distressing examples of the Iranian regime organising on our campuses and stirring up hatred against Jewish students.
Can the Minister tell the House what steps the Department is taking to deal with the threat posed by Tehran here on British soil?