The latest update for Georgia was published last month and is available on the gov.uk website.
The safe state designation that the previous Government introduced was intended to allow Georgian and Indian nationals to be returned without any individualised assessment of the safety of the country for each person.
In both countries, persecution of certain minorities is on the rise; that makes their inclusion on the list particularly wrong, but also highlights the wider dangers of blanket inadmissibility of asylum claims based on nationality.
What steps will the Government take to ensure that individuals’ asylum claims are always properly assessed?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this important issue and bringing her concerns—concerns that I share—to the attention of the House.
We regularly monitor and review the situation in countries of origin, working closely with the Foreign Office, and our resulting country policy and information notes are published on the gov.uk website.
Should we assess that the troubling new law to which my hon.
Friend refers, or any other changes, fundamentally affect the justification for Georgia’s designation, we will seek to remove it from the list, using the correct parliamentary process.
In Georgia in particular, but also in other countries, there is an evidential base to prove that the persecution of Christians and ethnic minorities and other human rights abuses are taking place.
It is also important that LGBT rights issues are engaged with.
Has the Minister had the opportunity to address those issues directly with Georgia’s Government?
Addressing such issues is more of a Foreign Office responsibility, which is why we liaise closely with the Foreign Office when considering the production of information notes.
If laws that are passed and put into effect in other countries lead to persecution or a well-founded fear of persecution for individuals, that is one of the contexts we use to make a decision.
That includes LGBT rights, but also other rights.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Organised immigration crime puts lives at risk and threatens our border security.
We have agreed a new anti-smuggling action plan with our G7 partners to strengthen collaboration in areas such as intelligence, information exchange and the pursuit of criminal finances.
The UK work will be led by the new border security command.
As evidence of our closer collaboration with other countries, this weekend, at the request of the French authorities, a Border Force vessel rescued 46 people and returned them to France.
According to research by UK Feminista, over a third of female school pupils have been sexually harassed while at school.
Much of this can be traced back to misogynistic online influencers and the harmful impacts of pornography.
Will the Home Secretary tell the House what she is doing to prioritise women’s online safety and how she is engaging with counterparts in the devolved Administrations to ensure that no woman or girl is left behind when it comes to ending sexual harassment and the exploitation of women?
My hon.
Friend makes an extremely important point.
The mission for safer streets that the Government have set includes a really ambitious mission to halve violence against women and girls in a decade.
We know that that is immensely difficult, and I hope that all the devolved Administrations, as well as local communities and organisations, will want to be part of it.
My hon.
Friend is right to prioritise women’s online safety, and that is why my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology is prioritising action on online deepfake abuse.
We now come to the shadow Home Secretary.
In her statement to the House on  29 July , the Chancellor said that asylum accommodation costs being drawn down from Treasury reserves were “unfunded and undisclosed”—a description that I reject.