As a proud member of Unite and a former TUC staffer, I draw the House’s attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
In addition, I think ASLEF and the GMB for their kind support of my election campaign.
During the election, I met a young man in Great Bridge in my constituency who was living in a caravan on his parents’ drive, working in a warehouse on a zero-hours contract and not knowing what his pay packet would be from one week to the next.
I say to him, to the one in eight black and Asian workers trapped in insecure jobs,  and to the 1 million fellow citizens denied the security and the dignity of secure work: “We get it.
We know you didn’t choose a zero-hours contract.”
Eight in 10 workers on zero-hours contracts want regular hours.
We will ban those disgraceful contracts and—listen up, colleagues —we will do so with the support of reputable businesses, such as Julian Richer’s Richer Sounds.
Raising the amount of collective bargaining is indispensable if we want to drive down poverty and inequality, and that is what this Bill will do.
This Bill will allow unions to get into more workplaces and tell more workers why they should join a union.
No employer needs to fear unions if they are confident that they act fairly towards their workers, and that their sites are safe, so we will legislate to make sure that unions can get into every workplace.
After all, do we really think that ambulances would have been at those Sports Direct warehouses 76 times in two years, including for a woman who gave birth in the toilets, if there had been unions checking safety on that site?
That is why unions need the right to go into workplaces.
As a side note, the rules on access have to be practical, so I gently say to my right hon.
Friends that the access agreements as drafted in the Bill give rogue employers just a few too many ways to keep unions out, and I hope we can sort that.
This is not just about getting unions into workplaces; it is about getting unions recognised, and having the right to negotiate as equals at the table with the boss on wages, conditions and more.
The changes on recognition are fantastic, and are to be celebrated.
I hope we can go just a little further and end the three-year lockout, following a failed recognition ballot, that has kept unions out of the workplace, just as GMB workers are kept out of Amazon.
The working class are the backbone of this country.
Contrary to what Opposition Front Benchers say, workers are the dog, not the tail.
We all deserve security at work and a decent wage.
I will be so proud to vote for this Bill—
It is always a pleasure to answer the hon.
Gentleman.
That work will be ongoing.
We want to recruit from the widest possible groups in our communities, and to encourage young people to think about a career in policing.
It is with great privilege and a deep sense of responsibility that I stand before you today, Madam Deputy Speaker.
As I take my place in this historic Chamber, I am acutely aware of the profound trust placed in us by the constituents of our great nation.
I wish to express my heartfelt gratitude to the people of Leicester East for electing me to represent them in Parliament.
My story, like that of many in Leicester, is one of heritage, resilience and opportunity.
My parents arrived in Leicester from Kenya and India in the late 1970s, bringing with them cultural and faith traditions and a remarkable work ethic.
They made Rushey Mead their home, and I was born and raised there.