As she may know, we are setting up a new Young Futures programme, which is all about the greater work we need to do to prevent young people being drawn into crime in the first place.
I encourage her to tell us more details about her local work to tackle this issue.
I call the shadow Minister.
The last Conservative Government stood with our brave police officers and emergency service workers.
We introduced tougher sentences for those who assaulted them and the Elizabeth medal to recognise those who lost their lives in the line of duty, and we were looking to recognise those who were discharged from service as a result of injuries on the frontline.
Will the Secretary of State continue that work?
Will she meet with me and former policeman Tom Curry, who has been leading an excellent campaign on this important issue?
I have long been a strong supporter of the Elizabeth medal.
I pay tribute to Bryn Hughes and others for their work campaigning for recognition for police officers and other emergency workers who have been lost in the line of duty, and who have given so much to support other people and keep others safe.
I have attended the police bravery awards every year for  the last 14 years, exactly because it is so important to support brave officers.
I am absolutely determined to ensure that we not only continue with that work, but go further to support brave officers who put their lives at risk.
I am very happy to continue cross-party working on this issue.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
In Greater Manchester, the “right care, right person” approach was recently introduced, since a police response to a mental health-related call is not always the right fit.
There are growing concerns, though, about unclear lines of responsibility between mental health services and the police, which may cause cases to be mishandled.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure that co-ordination between the police and mental health services is as clear and effective as it can be, so that those who most need support do not fall through the cracks?
The hon.
Member raises an important issue.
That co-ordination between police and mental health services can be crucial in some of the most serious cases, where people are a danger to the public for reasons perhaps linked to a mental health crisis, but also in many cases where someone is not a danger to the public and mental health professionals may be far better able to respond than police officers.
Significant work has been done, but she is right that we need further close working between police and mental health services across the country.
That has also been part of the work that my right hon.
Friend the Health Secretary is doing in the NHS and the Department of Health and Social Care on improving mental health services.
What steps her Department is taking to tackle criminal gangs facilitating small boat crossings.
What steps her Department is taking to tackle criminal gangs facilitating small boat crossings.
Can I ask the Home Secretary please to look at me occasionally?
It would help.
Apologies, Mr Speaker; I always like the chance to be able to look towards you.
The criminal smuggling and trafficking gangs that organise small boat crossings are undermining our border security and putting lives at risk.
It is truly tragic that a little baby died in the channel this weekend.
Those gangs have been getting away with this for far too long.
That is why the Government have set up a new border security command, led by former police chief Martin Hewitt, to work with other countries to go after the gangs.
Small boat crossings is an issue raised by residents, but we know that organised crime stretches beyond people smuggling.