We are immensely proud of our armed forces and their courage and dedication as they keep our country safe.
The Prime Minister may know that, this time last week, representatives of those who have been injured seriously  by covid vaccines were giving evidence to the covid inquiry, including my constituent, Kate Scott.
I hope he also knows that the compensation available to those people is not adequate and is not adequately accessible.
I am grateful to the Health and Social Care Secretary for the thought that I know he is giving to how that position may be remedied, but may I ask the Prime Minister to give his personal support to that objective, not just because it is the right thing to do for the people affected, but because it will support the objective that we should all share, which is to maintain public confidence in vaccination?
I thank the right hon.
and learned Gentleman for raising that.
As he says, the Health Secretary is looking at it.
I assure him that I will also look at it with the Health Secretary, and we will get back to him as we do so.
This week, I heard a story from an elderly resident in Bedworth.
Kolin Basra phoned the GP surgery to make an appointment for his elderly wife and was told that no appointments would be available for three months.
Does the Prime Minister agree that that is utterly shocking and horrifying, and a direct result of 14 years of neglect by the Conservative party?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that.
She is absolutely right: the damage that the Conservatives did to the NHS was absolutely unforgiveable.
We are taking steps to ensure that more GP appointments will be available, we are getting the waiting lists down, and we are putting investment into the NHS.
As with everything else, we are clearing up the mess that they left behind.
The Prime Minister should know that my Romford constituents are shocked, angry and dismayed by the suggestion by the Office for National Statistics that the population of this country will rise to 72.5 million by 2032—that is 500,000 people a year, which is unsustainable.
Who voted for that, and will the Government do something to ensure that the population of this country is sustainable going forward?
There is no mandate for such a colossal increase in immigration to this country.
I think the hon.
Gentleman should talk to his party leader.
Net migration went through the roof under the previous Government—by nearly 1 million; it quadrupled—and who was cheering it on?
The Leader of the Opposition.
The hon.
Gentleman’s constituents are right to be concerned about the loss of control by the previous Government.
We are taking control; we will bring those numbers down.
But the record is absolutely clear, and it sits right there on the Opposition Benches.
With your permission, Mr Speaker, I would like to update the House on the Government’s work to unlock investment and secure economic growth.
That is the No.
1 mission of this Government.
Without growth, we cannot deliver on the priorities of the British people, cut NHS waiting lists, rebuild our schools or put more police on our streets.
That is why the pursuit of growth is our first mission, putting our country on a new path towards a brighter future after 14 years of failure from the Conservatives.
By helping businesses to invest and create wealth, we ensure they can provide jobs and opportunities that change lives, putting more pounds in people’s pockets and rejuvenating communities across the country.
We have seen progress on that already, with huge private sector investments into our country since this Government came into service, but now we must go faster and further.
We must help businesses and places to achieve their potential.