Transportation is equally important on a local level, and that is as true for the Oxford-Cambridge growth corridor as it is for anywhere else.
This Government have confirmed that they will provide crucial funding for transport links, including upgrades to the A428 to reduce journey times between Milton Keynes, Bedford and Cambridge, as well as for East West Rail with new services between Oxford and Milton Keynes starting this year.
We have already received submissions to the new towns taskforce to build new developments along the new railway.
At Tempsford, we will accelerate delivery of a mainline station on the east coast main line so that travellers can get to London in under an hour and to Cambridge in under 30 minutes once East West Rail has been delivered.
We will ensure that the pioneering work that has long been a hallmark of the area will continue.
We are today committing to a new AI growth zone in Culham.
We welcome the University of Cambridge’s plan for a new flagship innovation hub in the centre of Cambridge, and a new Cambridge cancer research hospital will be delivered as part of wave one of the new hospital programme.
Just yesterday, Moderna completed the build for its new vaccine production and research and development site in Harwell, while committing to invest £1 billion in the United Kingdom—proof that when we create the conditions for success, businesses can lead the way.
I am pleased to confirm for the House that the Environment Agency is lifting its objections to specific developments in Cambridge, so we will press on with plans to develop 4,500 additional homes, new schools and office, retail and lab spaces in and around Cambridge.
In a further boost to the area, we have now agreed water resource management plans with water companies, unlocking £7.9 billion of investment in water resources over the next five years, including the new Fens reservoir serving Cambridge and the south-east strategic reservoir near Oxford.
This Government have come in with a purpose: to bring growth, and with it opportunity, to the country.
In just six months, we have taken the tough decisions to make that possible.
We are taking on the responsibility of a Government who deliver real change for people—no longer the hollow promises of the Conservative party, but change delivered under this Labour Government, working with business and local leaders to drive the growth that will lift up this country.
Now we must go further and faster so that the next generation and the generation after will have the opportunities they deserve, to ensure that Britain is strong and successful once  again in a fast-changing world and so that everybody in this country can have the chance to succeed.
Today’s announcements will help make that a reality and show how our plan for change will build a better Britain.
I commend the statement to the House.
I call the shadow Chancellor of the Exchequer.
The Chief Secretary told us that growth is the No.
1 mission of this Government and added, “Now we must go faster”, which I have to tell him suggests a certain lack of ambition.
What we do not need is some hasty mañana moment of unquantified, vague promises of a better tomorrow; we need action now to reverse the grievous damage that this Chancellor has wrought in just her first six months in office.
Why did the Government deliver a Budget that the independent Office for Budget Responsibility said would lead to lower growth, higher inflation and higher interest rates and would cost jobs?
I have to tell the right hon.
Gentleman that “going for growth” in the 2030s means nothing to the businesses that have already stopped hiring, shed workers and put up prices thanks to Labour’s ruinous policies.