Our new industrial strategy is central to our growth mission and our plan for change.
The Secretary of State has established an innovative economic advisory group to enable the UK and Welsh Governments, business leaders, trade unions and experts to work together to pursue opportunities for growth and jobs, and to attract investment.
Further to that answer, I see from recent press coverage that the SNP Government are once again banging on about another independence referendum, despite the Supreme Court’s ruling.
Will the Government make it crystal clear to devolved Governments that they do not have the power to arbitrarily instigate independence referendums?
I can confirm that the hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help create new jobs in Wales.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help create new jobs in Wales.
Since July, we have driven over £1 billion of private investment from Eren Holding and Kellogg’s into Wales, creating and sustaining over 400 well-paid jobs in manufacturing.
Our Welsh freeports and investment zones will together unlock billions in private investment and aim to create at least 20,000 jobs across all four corners of Wales.
I welcome the news that the Secretary of State has signed a memorandum of understanding on four Welsh growth deals with Cabinet Secretary for Economy, Rebecca Evans.
Will the Minister outline how this UK-Welsh Government partnership will deliver the well-paid jobs and economic growth needed in areas like Montgomeryshire and Glyndŵr?
The memorandum of understanding signed recently between the UK and Welsh Governments further demonstrates our commitment to working together to deliver economic growth throughout Wales.
The UK Government have invested £790 million in Wales’s growth deals, including £110 million in the Mid Wales growth deal which aims to leverage up to £400 million of public and private sector investment in the region and create up to 1,400 additional jobs.
In places across the UK, including in my constituency of Wrexham, for too long too many young people have fallen through the gaps, meaning that they can miss out on job opportunities, education and gaining the critical skills essential to getting on in life.
What measures is the Minister taking to ensure that young people can seize the opportunities of our growth mission and are not left behind, and help them to maximise their potential?
Today, my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor confirmed that we are moving forward with the £160 million Wrexham and Flintshire investment zone, focusing on the area’s strengths in advanced manufacturing, leveraging £1 billion of private investment over the next 10 years and creating up to 6,000 jobs.
Growth is integral to creating the opportunities that young people need to get on in life.
Whether she has had recent discussions with the Welsh Government on plans to ban greyhound racing in Wales.
Labour has long been committed to animal welfare.
Indeed, it was my privilege under the previous Labour Government to serve on the Committee for the Bill that became the Animal Welfare Act 2006.
In our 2024 manifesto, we committed to further improve animal welfare, including ending puppy smuggling.
This particular issue is devolved to the Welsh Government.
I thank the Minister for her response.
I am incredibly passionate about animal welfare—I have a dog and a cat—and for the most part we are an animal-loving country.
That is why I find it so shocking that we still have practices such as greyhound racing that treat animals as disposable.
If they do not run fast enough or if they get injured, they get binned off.
Some of them are still spending 80% of their life in kennels.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss this issue further?
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
What discussions she has had with the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero on meeting net zero targets in Wales.