Economic analysis suggests that with the right support the region could bring a GDP boost of £78 billion by 2035, yet time and again Governments have failed to capitalise on this remarkable area, most recently in 2021 when the last Government dropped their commitment to what they called the Ox-Cam arc project.
Through under-investment, poor transport connections and a lack of affordable housing, the incredible growth potential of the area has been squandered as people and businesses have been forced to move and invest elsewhere.
No longer: Lord Vallance will act as our champion for the growth corridor, utilising his impressive experience in life sciences, academia and Government to unlock growth opportunities across the region and promote its potential to investors across the world.
We will establish a new growth commission for Oxford, to recognise and capitalise on the growth potential of this historic city.
We already know, of course, that transportation is a huge factor in the success of the country.
Heathrow is the UK’s only hub airport and our largest air freight hub by volume, connecting us to emerging markets around the world, opening up new opportunities for trade and investment.
But its growth has been constrained for decades.
Today we are announcing that the Government support and are inviting proposals for a third runway at Heathrow airport, to be brought forward by the summer.
This is an important infrastructure project expected to have positive growth impacts across the United Kingdom, and it has the backing of businesses and business groups including the CBI, the Federation of Small Businesses and British Chambers of Commerce as well as trade unions such as the GMB and Unite.
According to a recent study from Frontier Economics, a third runway could increase GDP by 0.43% over the next 25 years, with over half—60%—of that boost going to areas outside London and the south-east.
It could create over 100,000 jobs in the local area and maintain Heathrow’s status both as a global passenger hub and as the UK’s largest air freight hub by volume.
Reforms this Government have introduced to speed up the planning system will ensure the delivery of the project and set it up for success.
Once proposals have been received the Government will take forward a full assessment through the airport national policy statement to ensure that any scheme is delivered in line with our legal, environmental and climate obligations.
We want the scheme to be value for money, and our clear expectation is that any surface transport costs associated with the project will be financed by private capital and should be sustainable and low-carbon.
The Secretary of State for Transport will also set out planning decisions for further airport expansion at Gatwick and Luton shortly.
Crucially, I am pleased to announce that we are taking further steps in our transition to greener, cleaner aviation.
At the start of the month, the sustainable aviation fuel mandate became law.
Sustainable aviation fuel reduces carbon dioxide emissions compared with fossil jet fuel by around 70%.
Today we are announcing an additional £63 million for the advanced fuels fund over the next year, and we have set out the details of how we will deliver a revenue certainty mechanism.
Those measures will support investment and high-skill green jobs in plants across the United Kingdom, delivering sustainable aviation fuel here in the UK for UK consumption.
Transportation is equally important on a local level, and that is as true for the Oxford-Cambridge growth corridor as it is for anywhere else.
This Government have confirmed that they will provide crucial funding for transport links, including upgrades to the A428 to reduce journey times between Milton Keynes, Bedford and Cambridge, as well as for East West Rail with new services between Oxford and Milton Keynes starting this year.
We have already received submissions to the new towns taskforce to build new developments along the new railway.