They promised not to borrow more, but they did.
We need to see action, not just words.
The Chancellor talks about removing barriers to growth—oh yes, she talks about it—but that talk comes from the same person whose Budget killed the economy and growth stone-dead.
If we are looking to remove the greatest barriers to growth in this country, perhaps we should start with the Prime Minister and the Chancellor of the Exchequer.
The House is indebted to the shadow Chancellor—Mr Melmentum himself—for his lecture on the need for speed from this Government.
Let me tell him that we have done more in the last six or seven months than that lot did in the last 14 years.
The shadow Chancellor asked me about our plans to work with business.
The comments today from business leaders and investors speak for themselves: our plans are welcomed by businesses, and we will be working in partnership with them to deliver for this country.
He also asked me about work.
Those of us in the Labour party make no secret of the fact that we like to support people into work—strong, secure work with workplace rights and secure incomes to help make people’s family finances add up.
That is why our party was created in the first place.
The real truth from the data is that under the last Government, too many people were waiting at home sick, unable to get NHS appointments or access to mental health services so that they could be helped back into work.
Too many people were waiting at home, waiting for training and unable to seize the opportunities advertised in front of them.
This Labour Government will not treat those things as a luxury, but will work at speed to give people the work they deserve.
At the heart of the shadow Chancellor’s statement was a truth for the country to consider.
Under the last Administration, it was promises cancelled; under this Administration, it is promises being delivered.
I call the Chair of the Treasury Committee.
I welcome this Government’s commitment to infrastructure investment and to telling the world that Britain is open for business, but to achieve all of this, we will need a really skilled workforce to deliver on  those major construction projects.
May I ask my right hon.
Friend to set out how the Government will ensure that we have the skills to deliver what he has promised?
I thank the Chair of the Treasury Committee for her question.
This is an important test of turning policy into real-world delivery.
Through our infrastructure and industrial strategies, we are engaging right now with businesses and investors across the country so that as we bring forward our plans, we have a skills and training system that creates opportunities for people to take up the jobs that we need them to do in order to help get Britain building.
That will be a crucial part of our approach to infrastructure, so that every person across the country can seize the benefits of this Government’s plans.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The Government are absolutely right to focus on economic growth, but their blinkered approach on Europe is holding back British businesses and stifling the very growth that we need to fund our public services.
By ruling out negotiations with the EU on a bespoke customs union and a youth mobility scheme, the Chancellor’s dash for growth will be more like a slow crawl in a car with the handbrake on.
In order to turbocharge economic growth, will the Government start negotiating those initiatives now?