I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
What discussions she has had with the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero on meeting net zero targets in Wales.
I am working with the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero to ensure that Wales plays a leading role in reaching our net zero targets and clean power by 2030.
By supporting floating offshore wind, onshore wind, hydrogen, nuclear, tidal and carbon capture, we are seizing the unique economic opportunity of net zero to boost growth and create jobs across Wales.
On floating offshore wind in the Celtic sea, the Secretary of State said:
“Floating offshore wind represents a golden opportunity”
not just for meeting net zero targets but
“for lower energy bills, new jobs and the industries of the future”.
Do the Government think that the opportunities from offshore wind can extend from the Celtic sea into Cornwall and Devon, too?
The economic opportunities of floating offshore wind are significant, and, obviously, the Celtic sea is a big area off parts of both England and Wales.
We are working closely to seize those economic opportunities to deliver jobs and growth, and we want to see economic growth and jobs throughout the United Kingdom.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 29 January.
Communities across the United Kingdom have been hit hard by Storm Éowyn.
I spoke to the leaders of the devolved Administrations in Scotland and Northern Ireland over the weekend to discuss working with them on the support that is required, and to pay tribute to all those responding on the frontline.
Kick-starting economic growth is the No.
1 mission of this Government.
It will put more money in people’s pockets and will deliver on our plan for change.
Today the Chancellor announced our next steps to deliver that plan: a new Oxford-Cambridge corridor, redeveloping Old Trafford, and supporting a new runway at Heathrow.
We are removing the barriers to investment, supporting innovation, and going further and faster to boost growth.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in the House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
This April the state pension will increase by £470 a year, and over the course of this Parliament it will increase by up to £1,900, benefiting millions of  pensioners.
Does the Prime Minister agree that means-testing the state pension would do severe harm, and will he confirm that this Government will always protect the state pension and the triple lock?
Let me be absolutely clear: there will be no means-testing of the state pension under this Labour Government.
We are committed both to the triple lock and to the principle that people should receive pensions based on their contribution, regardless of their wealth.
My hon.
Friend is right: 12 million pensioners will receive a £470 increase in April.
When people such as the Leader of the Opposition say that they want means-testing, that means a cut.
The difference between us is that they would cut pensions and we are increasing them.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
May I take this opportunity to solemnly commemorate the 80th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz?
We remember the 6 million Jewish men, women and children who were murdered.
The Holocaust stands as a unique evil in human history.
Yesterday the Prime Minister set his growth test.
He said that if a policy is
“good for growth…the answer is ‘yes’, if it’s not then the answer is ‘no’.”
This morning the Chancellor embraced a series of Conservative policies.
Although many are welcomed, they will take years to deliver.
When the Conservatives left office, we had the fastest economic growth in the G7, but what are the Government doing for growth now?
They are destroying it.
Let us look at the employment Bill.