Now he is saying that urgent hospital rebuilds will take more than a decade.
My hon.
Friends and I will keep coming back to this issue.
The Chancellor has now admitted that we need to go further and faster in the pursuit of economic growth, and we agree, but the Prime Minister knows that we believe that means setting aside his objections to a UK-EU customs union so that our country can go further and faster in rebuilding our trading relationships with our European neighbours, especially with the threat to world trade posed by Trump’s tariffs and trade wars.
If the Prime Minister will not change his mind today on a customs union, will he confirm to the House that when he goes to Brussels on Monday he will open negotiations for the UK to join the pan-Euro-Mediterranean convention so that we can start removing the growth-damaging trade barriers set up by the Conservatives?
Our No.
1 mission is growth, which is why have we set out all the initiatives over the past seven months, particularly the ones this morning.
The right hon.
Gentleman knows that in relation to the reset with the EU, which we are determined to achieve, we have clear red lines when it comes to the single market and the customs union.
He knows where we stand on that.
Today’s Joseph Rowntree Foundation report on UK poverty highlights not only who is most likely to be poor but the scale and increase in deep and enduring poverty.
I was encouraged by the Prime Minister’s response to me at the Liaison Committee before Christmas, when he explained and acknowledged that disabled people experience poverty because of their extra costs and that, while more than 2 million disabled people can and want to work, many others cannot and should receive adequate support.
Many vulnerable claimants are worried following speculation that the £3 billion of savings to be found from the social security budget may impact on their disability benefits.
Does my right hon.
and learned Friend agree that language matters and that their concerns must be heard?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this.
I know she is deeply concerned about this issue and campaigns on it.
The rise in poverty caused by the mismanagement of the economy by the Conservative party is unacceptable.
Our approach to social security will ensure that work is accessible to as many people as possible, as a route out of poverty.
That includes the new Connect to Work programme, which is expected to help 100,000 disabled people find and stay in work.
I thank the Prime Minister and the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster for their sterling support for Northern Ireland over the past few days in the aftermath of Storm Éowyn, which is greatly appreciated and demonstrates how well the Union works.
On  15 August 1998 , the fragile peace in Northern Ireland was shattered when the Real IRA detonated a bomb in Omagh town.
Twenty-nine people died, and two unborn twins never saw this world.
Through the dignity and the stoic campaigning of Michael Gallagher, whose son Aiden died, a public inquiry was secured through the courts, which recommended in 2021 that the Irish Government should similarly hold an inquiry  to understand what could have been prevented, given the cross-border nature of the atrocity—the bomb was prepared in and transported from the Irish Republic.
Will the Prime Minister use his good offices to ensure that truth is delivered and justice arrives for the families of those who so needlessly lost their lives to Irish republican terrorism?
First, I assure the right hon.
Gentleman that we will continue to work with the leaders in Northern Ireland to ensure that we deal with the storm, which has been devastating for very many people who are still without power and who have all the associated problems.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for raising the Omagh bombing inquiry.