Friend is right to raise that very serious issue.
We are committed to working with every council to deliver the biggest increase in social and affordable housing in a generation.
We are immediately taking action to reform the right to buy and to enable councils to borrow more cheaply, and investing in the affordable homes programme.
I entered active politics after an attack in my home was misused by others to promote an anti-European Union and anti-immigrant agenda.
My life was saved by two brave police officers from Wimbledon police station.
As a family, our lives were transformed by a restorative justice session organised by the charity Why Me?,
where we met one of my four attackers in prison.
Will the Prime Minister meet me to discuss how his Government can give restorative justice greater emphasis, put victims at the centre of the criminal justice system, reduce recidivism, and cut crime and costs?
I extend my sympathy for what the hon.
Member experienced—it must have had a profound impact on him and his family.
I, too, have seen the power of restorative justice, which enables victims to receive answers and perpetrators to face the human costs of their crimes.
Under the victims’ code, all adult victims must be told about restorative justice and how to access it.
We can always do more and I will ensure that he gets the meeting that he wants with the relevant Minister.
I am pleased to announce that this summer I will be going on paternity leave again for baby No.
2.
May I congratulate the Secretary of State for Scotland on his new arrival?
The Chancellor spoke brilliantly this morning about growth, and I am pleased to reveal that new research from the Joseph Rowntree Foundation shows that by increasing paternity leave, we could increase economic growth by £2.6 billion a year.
Will the Prime Minister review statutory paternity leave?
From one father to another, will he meet me and The Dad Shift to discuss how we can support new parents?
I wish my hon.
Friend and his wife well with their new arrival.
We are conducting a review into parental leave, because we cannot grow the  economy if parents have to choose between work and their children.
Thanks to the Employment Rights Bill, which the Conservatives oppose, 30,000 more fathers will get paternity leave.
That is the difference: the Leader of the Opposition wants to roll back parental rights; we are extending them.
Since 2012, the Drax power station has been given £7 billion of green subsidies by the Government for burning 27 million trees per year.
That is enough money for five years of pensioners’ winter fuel payments.
While Ofgem has been asleep at the wheel, a recent KPMG report has concluded that Drax claimed those subsidies illegally.
Will the Prime Minister demand to see that KPMG report before giving another pound of taxpayers’ money to Drax?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising this important issue.
Of course we will look at the report, but I do not join in her description—we will look at the report.
As you well know, Mr Speaker, Lancashire is a wonderful county, full of great businesses and hard-working people, yet for too long we have been held back by an outdated two-tier council system.
The Government’s English devolution Bill is a massive opportunity for us to get back in the fast lane and catch up with the likes of Manchester and Liverpool.
Will the Prime Minister join me in calling on all Lancashire leaders to work together in the interests of our residents, putting aside political differences and self-interests, and move forward in good faith to unleash Lancashire’s huge potential?
My hon.
Friend has given decades of service to his community.
I am a firm believer in moving power out of Westminster and into the hands of those with skin in the game.
That is how we boost growth, create opportunities and drive reform.