The whole premise of the growth corridor is that we will have a transport spine through that corridor that allows for all the developments—housing, lab space or communities—around it.
That is a crucial part of our plans, and we will make sure that it is delivered.
I congratulate the Chief Secretary to the Treasury and the Chancellor of the Exchequer on a plan for growth that is both concrete—shovels in the ground now—and forward-looking, building on our scientific and skills base to drive long-term jobs and higher living standards.
Heathrow expansion will help businesses in the north-east, but for the sake of those of us who are not Manchester United fans, will the Chief Secretary to the Treasury make it clear that much of the investment in the Man U development will be private sector-based?
Will he also set out how that will help the rest of the north, particularly Newcastle United fans such as myself?
I thank the Chair of the Science, Innovation and Technology Committee for her question.
She and her Committee know the huge advantage we have in the UK with our brilliant universities and research and development ecosystem, which is why we are supporting them and putting rocket boosters underneath their activity to develop world-leading and frontier research and innovation, and stimulate economic growth across the country.
My hon.
Friend is right that the development in Manchester is a broad set of privately financed housing and commercial opportunities, as well as the work that Manchester United wants to do with its football stadium.
I should inform the House that I cannot give a running commentary on the stadium applications for all football clubs across the country, and she will have to forgive me for not knowing the latest plans for Newcastle.
I welcome the Government’s conversion on a third runway at Heathrow.
The sort of connectivity that that enables, particularly with fast-growing economies in Asia and the Gulf, is essential to growth.
However, what assurance can the Chief Secretary to the Treasury give the House that this  project will not subsequently be stymied by an absolutist approach driven by ideology towards carbon emissions, which will drive it into the ground?
We have been down this path before.
The right hon.
Member has been down this path before because it was his Government who went down it and blocked all these developments over the past 14 years.
This Government are working on reforms to the planning system, looking at national policy statements, thinking about skills and infrastructure supply chains, and unlocking private capital because we are a Government who want to get Britain building again, and not block the projects that were stalled for years under the previous Administration.
I call Dr Jeevun Sandher, a member of the Select Committee.
Investment is what makes us more prosperous; it produces more work, it gets wages rising and it creates good jobs.
I am an East Midlands MP, and we have some of the lowest investment rates in the country, the least transport infrastructure and some of the lowest private investment.
That is why I welcome the announcement today of £1 billion going to the manufacturing and logistics hub at East Midlands airport.
I especially welcome the 2,000 extra jobs that will benefit my constituents in Loughborough, Shepshed and Hathern.
Will the Chief Secretary assure me that this is just the beginning of the investment we can expect in the region and for my constituents?
I thank my hon.
Friend, who is a strong advocate for the economy in the East Midlands and for his constituency.
He will know that I visited the region last week and met businesses and investors with our Mayor, Claire Ward.
The region is doing a brilliant job of securing inward investment, and there is huge untapped potential in the East Midlands.