Will he drop these measures from the Bill?
No.
I think they are good for workers and good for growth.
This is the same argument that the Conservatives made against the minimum wage and every protection for workers.
The Leader of the Opposition says that they are their ideas.
She says she supports a third runway at Heathrow.
Her shadow Transport Secretary says that it would be “calamitous”.
The shadow Business Secretary is busy writing letters opposing airport expansion in his own back yard.
The shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury says the Oxford-Cambridge idea is “flawed” and he is against it.
We are the coalition of builders; they are the coalition of blockers.
The Prime Minister forgets that his own Chancellor blocked an airport in her constituency.
They are hypocrites.
Let us talk about the employment Bill.
Part 1 of the Bill means that a new employee could start a job in the morning and take their employer to a tribunal that afternoon.
It is no wonder that this Bill has been called an “adventure playground for lawyers”.
This Bill is terrible for business, but it is great employment for lawyers.
I know the Prime Minister loves the legal profession, but he needs to stop being a lawyer and start  being a leader.
This is another measure in the Bill that fails his growth test.
Will he show some leadership and drop it?
I understand that the Leader of the Opposition likes straight talking: she is talking absolute nonsense.
She knows, and anybody who understands anything about the Bill or any employment law will know, that you cannot start in the morning and go to a tribunal in the afternoon.
We know she is not a lawyer, she is clearly not a leader, and if she keeps on like this, she is going to be the next lettuce.
The Prime Minister does not know what his Bill is doing.
He should listen to business, which is terrified of this Bill.
The only workers he cares about are lawyers, but it is not just lawyers benefiting from this Bill.
Who else benefits?
It is not taxpayers; they will be paying for even more welfare.
It is not young workers; they will not get their first break.
It is definitely not businesses; they are being hammered with yet more burdens.
Who benefits?
It is the trade unions.
Part 4 of the unemployment Bill—[Interruption.]
Labour Members have not read it.
Part 4 of the unemployment Bill is the biggest expansion of trade union powers for a generation—[Interruption.]
Exactly; thank you.
The public will have heard them cheer.
Rather than deregulating for business, which creates growth, he is deregulating for the unions.
Clause 61 alone reduces the notice period for strikes to just one week.
Given that strikes are catastrophic for growth, will he drop part 4 of the Bill?
It is good for working people, and it is good for the economy.
The right hon.
Lady should keep up: the CBI has welcomed our positive steps this morning.
The Chancellor has given a brilliant speech on the economy, fixing the mess the Conservatives left and growing our economy, and the CBI has said it celebrates this
“positive leadership and a clear vision to kickstart the economy”.
That is the difference.
We are growing the economy; the Conservatives left it in a complete mess.
The arrogance of the Prime Minister is that he thinks that it is his Government who create growth.
He is wrong.
It is business that creates growth.
Our economy is built by entrepreneurs, risk-takers and the hard graft of working people.
They know that you cannot tax your way to growth, you cannot borrow your way to growth, you cannot legislate your way to growth.
Other countries are serious about freeing business from red tape.
President Trump is doing it in America.
Argentina is taking a chainsaw to regulations.