Clause 9 provides that court orders made in support of arbitral proceedings can be made against third parties, which aligns with the position in court proceedings.
For example, it would enable a party to arbitration to get an order freezing assets held by a third party, such as a bank.
Clause 10 ensures that when a party challenges an arbitral award at court, the court has the full range of remedies available, regardless of the pathway.
This clause irons out discrepancies that courts and practitioners have otherwise sought to work around.
Clause 11 provides more efficient court challenges to the tribunals jurisdiction through rules of court that would prohibit repeating evidence and arguments already debated in front of the tribunal.
That will avoid such challenges becoming full re-hearings, reducing costs and delays.
I can deal with clause 12 pretty quickly, you will be pleased to know, Madam Deputy Speaker.
Clause 12 ensures that the time limit for challenging awards is consistent across the Act.
Clause 13 corrects a rare example of a drafting error.
What the Act meant to say was that court orders could be appealed, but in some cases there would be restrictions.
What it actually said was that court orders could be appealed only where there were restrictions.
To its credit, the Judicial Committee of the House of Lords spotted this error and interpreted the statute as it was meant to be read.
We have taken this opportunity to correct the drafting to reflect the judicial ruling, as a useful bit of tidying up.
Clause 14 streamlines the requirements for applying to court to obtain preliminary rulings from the court on questions of law, or on whether the arbitrators have jurisdiction to hear the dispute.
Early rulings, such as those from expert judges, can save time and cost.
I am getting towards the end of going through the clauses.
In fact, I have come to the last and final clause that I wish to comment upon, clause 15, as you had probably worked out, Madam Deputy Speaker, because that usually comes after clause 14. [
Laughter.]
There is no clause 16, so clause 15 is the final clause.
Clause 15 repeals provisions that were never brought into force, simply to tidy up the Act.
Those provisions would have meant slight differences in approach between domestic arbitrations and international arbitrations.
In the event, they were never used or needed, never brought into force and there remains no demand for them.
Our  arbitration law is first class and applies equally to domestic and international arbitrations, so removing the provisions is a helpful way to tidy things up.
In sum, the Bill will greatly approve the arbitral process in our jurisdiction and further cement our position as a top global business destination, where legal disputes can be resolved fairly and quickly.
The Bill has already gone through the other place, where it received considerable examination and support from noble and learned Members, including many experienced arbitrators.
There are, apparently, a lot of experienced arbitrators in the other place, and they brought their knowledge, experience and expertise to the debate, for which we are very grateful.
Indeed, I emphasise that the Bill has been reviewed by Members of the other place not once, but twice.
The first time, scrutiny was provided by a Committee, led by the noble and learned Lord Thomas of Cwmgiedd, that took further evidence from expert stakeholders.
The several technical improvements made to the previous Bill because of that work are retained in this Bill.
This time, the Bill was reviewed on the Floor of the other place, where the Government amended clause 13 to fix a long-standing error in our framework on arbitral appeals.
I have been quite thorough in covering the ground.