Does the Secretary of State agree with me that we should be encouraging and championing British domestic tourism, not inhibiting it?
There are a number of assumptions in the hon.
Member’s question.
As I say, more than 40 countries and holiday destinations around the world have introduced a form of visitor levy, and many of us have paid levies when visiting other countries.
As I say, one of the Conservatives’ own councils is championing a tourist levy.
They need to do their research better.
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on increasing economic growth in Wales.
Economic growth is the No.
1 priority for this Government.
Our new industrial strategy and national wealth fund will boost economic growth, create jobs and drive up living standards across Wales.
Working alongside ministerial colleagues, I was pleased to confirm £320 million of funding for the two investment zones in Wales, and to give the green light for Welsh freeports.
Together, these will unlock billions in private investment and create over 20,000 jobs in our ports and communities.
I, too, wish Wales luck in the Six Nations, but I wish Scotland more luck.
Scotland, like Wales, is set to benefit from significant tax incentives and investment, under the UK Government’s freeports scheme.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the scheme offers an excellent opportunity for economic growth?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question, and I wholeheartedly agree with him.
The freeports programme will deliver economic growth and jobs across Wales.
Anglesey freeport’s tax sites have gone live, which is excellent news.
The freeport aims to attract over £1 billion of investment into the green energy sector and to create nearly 5,000 jobs by 2030.
The Celtic freeport is set to attract £8.4 billion of private and public investment, and to deliver 11,500 jobs.
Given the significance of trade relationships between Northern Ireland and Wales, particularly in agriculture and textiles, can we ensure that any economic prosperity for Wales is beneficial for Northern Ireland as well?
The hon.
Gentleman may have heard the Chancellor’s speech this morning.
Our No.
1 priority is economic growth right across all four nations of the United Kingdom.
I call the Chair of the Welsh Affairs Committee.
I welcome the recent announcement on the creation of artificial intelligence growth zones across the UK, which will turbocharge growth and boost living standards.
As part of that AI development, Vantage Data Centres has plans to invest over £12 billion across the UK, creating at least 11,000 jobs, including in my constituency.
Will the Secretary of State speak to her colleagues around the Cabinet table and work with me and others to develop an AI growth zone for south Wales to secure the economic growth that we so desperately need?
I am glad that my hon.
Friend raised that.
She will know that the Government are fully committed to harnessing AI to improve productivity and efficiency, and to boost economic growth.
I was pleased to hear the Chancellor talking about AI growth zones in her speech.
Like my hon.
Friend, I want to ensure that Wales maximises AI opportunities.
I will be happy to discuss that further with her.
One of the advantages of this great United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland is that every region benefits from the trading opportunities that arise.
Will the Secretary of State reaffirm that there are advantages for Northern Ireland from its economic contact with Wales, as there are for Scotland and England?
As I said, the Government are determined to see growth right across the United Kingdom, in all four nations.
The relationship between Wales and Northern Ireland is very strong, and long may that continue.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Wales is in dire need of economic growth, as we have some of the lowest wages in the United Kingdom and areas with the highest levels of poverty.