I am pleased to see the Opposition spokesman give me a willing eye of encouragement, for which I am duly grateful.
I start at the beginning.
Clause 1 will make it much simpler to determine what law applies to an arbitration agreement.
Currently, the rules for identifying the governing law are found in the common law and a recent Supreme Court decision.
That decision shows both immense learning and the complexity of the current approach.
The Supreme Court was split in its judgment, and its approach was different from that of the Court of Appeal, which used an approach different from that at first instance.
Instead, to make the law clearer and more predictable, clause 1 provides that the governing law will align with the legal location—that is, the seat—of the arbitration by default.
This will ensure that arbitrations, where seated in England and Wales and Northern Ireland, will be fully supported by our law, which is among the most supportive of arbitration globally.
Clause 2 codifies a duty for arbitrators to disclose circumstances that may cause doubts as to their impartiality.
This will codify the common law and align domestic law with international best practice, such as the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law model law, which our expert lawyers had a major hand in drafting.
The model law’s influence can be found in other jurisdictions as far apart as Scotland and Switzerland.
It will promote trust in arbitration by promoting trust in the integrity and impartiality of arbitrators.
Clause 3 and, in the interest of briskness, clause 4 will support arbitrators in making impartial and proper decisions by extending their immunity against liability when they resign for good reason or are removed for no fault of their own.
This will support arbitrators to make robust and impartial decisions without fear.
Clause 5 clarifies the two pathways for a party that wants to challenge the jurisdiction of the arbitrators—that wants to question whether the dispute should be arbitrated at all.
The party can either apply to the court for an early ruling, or it can wait until the award is issued and then go to court.
Clause 5 clarifies that it cannot do both.
It is either/or.
Clause 6 ensures that, where arbitrators agree that they should not be hearing a dispute after all, they can still award the costs incurred up to that point against the party that generated those costs.
Clause 7 will allow arbitrators to adopt expedited procedures to dispense with issues that have no real prospect of success.
This aligns with summary judgments available in court proceedings and will make arbitrations more efficient.
We move seamlessly to clause 8, which will help emergency arbitrators.
Emergency arbitrators are appointed on a temporary basis while a full tribunal is being  established—that process can sometimes take weeks.
They are, therefore, very important to arbitrations.
They are often tasked with vital preliminary matters, such as preserving evidence or assets, and are important to ensuring that arbitrations can proceed smoothly.
As the practice of emergency arbitrators post-dates the 1996 Act, our framework did not make explicit provision for them, so looking again gives us an opportunity to examine their role.
Clause 8 empowers emergency arbitrators to handle urgent matters better and ensure compliance with their directions by equipping them with final orders and court enforcement.
That will give emergency arbitrators the same pathways to enforce their orders as other arbitrators, and will enhance their effectiveness.
Clause 9 provides that court orders made in support of arbitral proceedings can be made against third parties, which aligns with the position in court proceedings.
For example, it would enable a party to arbitration to get an order freezing assets held by a third party, such as a bank.
Clause 10 ensures that when a party challenges an arbitral award at court, the court has the full range of remedies available, regardless of the pathway.