That is the Conservative party’s record.
Unfortunately, this breach—forecast as far back as March 2023 but ignored—is now wholly unavoidable in this fiscal year, given the scale of failure we have inherited.
We will not duck the difficult decisions needed to restore economic stability, and we will deal with the failure we see before us.
Before I say how we will do that, I want to reflect on exactly how we ended up in this situation.
The sad truth is that, in way too many parts of the country, too many people are denied the opportunity to have a good job so that they can support themselves and put a roof over their family’s heads.
The benefits bill only reflects that failure, with 2.8 million people locked out of the workforce due to poor health, and 3.4 million more working-age people reporting a long-term health condition than 10 years ago.
We have large numbers of people turning up to a social security system that is not geared up to meet what has become the greatest unemployment challenge of a generation.
The Secretary of State was asked—
Whether she has had discussions with the Welsh Government on the potential impact of the proposed visitor levy on the economy in Wales.
Whether she has had discussions with the Welsh Government on the potential impact of the proposed visitor levy on the economy in Wales.
Whether she has had discussions with the Welsh Government on the potential impact of the proposed visitor levy on the economy in Wales.
Ahead of the opening game of this year’s Six Nations in Paris on Friday evening, I know Members right across the House will want to join me in wishing the Wales team good luck in their campaign.
Wales has joined a long list of other countries that have introduced a visitor levy, including Germany, Spain and France.
The Welsh Government’s Bill will enable local authorities to decide whether to implement a small levy locally.
The money raised will be used to invest in Wales’s thriving tourist sector, and develop and maintain attractions for residents and visitors alike.
Hospitality businesses in my constituency of Bridlington and The Wolds are rightly concerned about Labour’s plans for a tourist tax in Wales, so will the Secretary of State confirm to the House today whether it is her Government’s policy to roll out such a tax across the United Kingdom?
As the hon.
Member may know, tourism is devolved, and we work closely with the devolved Governments.
The Department for Culture, Media and Sport—my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for that Department is here—will carefully monitor the proposal by the Welsh Government.
There are currently no plans to introduce a similar tax in England.
I welcome the Government’s ambition to welcome 50 million visitors per year to the UK by 2030, but does the Secretary of State share my concern that a visitor levy, combined with ever more expensive electronic travel authorisations, will make it much more expensive for people to visit Wales, and indeed my constituency of Mid Bedfordshire, starving hard-working people of income at a time when they have to pay Labour’s jobs tax?
As far as I am aware, Mid Bedfordshire is not in Wales.
The hon.
Member raises objections to the Welsh Government’s policy, but he should perhaps check his own ranks first, because Conservative-run Great Yarmouth borough council has supported a form of tourist levy for years.
Like many of my constituents in Romford, I have always enjoyed visiting Wales.
However, for many, this visitor levy will be a step too far; it is bound to deter tourism to the Principality.
Does the Secretary of State agree with me that we should be encouraging and championing British domestic tourism, not inhibiting it?
There are a number of assumptions in the hon.
Member’s question.