They were underfunded and broken by the previous Government.
We have now put that support funding in place.
That is the right thing to do.
It was such great news when the Government decided that it was right to pay compensation to the LGBT veterans who had unfairly lost their jobs.
Unfortunately, those veterans are not alone.
There are others who have been prepared to lay down their lives on behalf of the country who have also been treated disgracefully.
I include in that list my constituent who was sacked from MI6 simply for being gay.
Will my right hon.
and learned Friend please commit to righting that wrong and to meeting my constituent?
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for raising this really important issue.
All those who serve our country deserve our fullest respect and gratitude.
That is why we are righting the historic wrongs inflicted on LGBT veterans, already significantly increasing  the compensation available and enabling them to get their ranks restored.
I know that this is a real issue for the Foreign Secretary.
He is looking at it, and I will make sure that she gets to talk to him about it.
We do need to deal with this historic injustice; she is right about that.
Given the strategic commitment to Irish unity in the programme for government of the new Government in Dublin, may I ask the Prime Minister whether he and his Government have a strategic and economic interest in retaining Northern Ireland within the United Kingdom?
If they do, why then is he continuing with the system whereby, in over 300 areas of law in the economic sphere, Northern Ireland is subject not to UK law, but to the same laws that apply in the Irish Republic—laws that we do not make and cannot change?
We are proud of, and totally committed to, the Good Friday agreement.
Northern Ireland matters to this Government, and it matters to me.
The hon.
and learned Gentleman will know that I worked there for five years with the Police Service of Northern Ireland.
I want to see Northern Ireland secure and safe for all communities and thriving in the future.
I believe that it can be, and we will do everything to make sure that it is.
Tomorrow marks the 20th anniversary of the loss of RAF aircraft XV179 and the 10 UK service personnel who were killed onboard.
Those service personnel were known to their friends as Steady, Smudge, Gary Nic, Pards, Gibbo, Ritchie, Bob, Dave, Jonesy and Paddy.
They were killed on a routine flight between Baghdad and Balad as the result of a poorly protected aircraft.
This was the largest single loss of life in the Iraq war.
Will the Prime Minister join me in thanking and recognising our service personnel for their service and their sacrifice, and their families for their stoicism, as we gather to commemorate such a tragic moment?
I thank my hon.
Friend for reminding the House of this case.
I know that the condolences of the whole House remain with the families of these brave soldiers.
We will never forget the vital role they played in supporting the coalition operation in Iraq.
I also thank my hon.
Friend and pay tribute to his service.
We are immensely proud of our armed forces and their courage and dedication as they keep our country safe.
The Prime Minister may know that, this time last week, representatives of those who have been injured seriously  by covid vaccines were giving evidence to the covid inquiry, including my constituent, Kate Scott.
I hope he also knows that the compensation available to those people is not adequate and is not adequately accessible.