Friend, who is a strong advocate for the economy in the East Midlands and for his constituency.
He will know that I visited the region last week and met businesses and investors with our Mayor, Claire Ward.
The region is doing a brilliant job of securing inward investment, and there is huge untapped potential in the East Midlands.
I am pleased that the Chancellor was able to make those announcements today, and we very much look forward to hearing about more business cases and more potential so that we can unlock growth in the East Midlands.
I call Select Committee member Dame Harriett Baldwin.
I am sure the Chief Secretary knows and admires the plan for growth of Conservative-led Worcestershire county council.
It has been working through the plan, and it has built a new train station on the North Cotswold line, which connects Worcestershire to Oxford, but a lot of that line is still single track.
Will he urge the Oxford growth commission to look at the extensive work done by Oxfordshire county council and Worcestershire county council to find a way to double the frequency of the train services on that stretch of track?
I thank the hon.
Lady.
The growth commission will be looking at all potential options for stimulating growth.
We want to find strategic enabling investments across the country to unlock, for example, house building and inward investment, and I am sure it will look at those proposals with interest.
I call Select Committee member Rachel Blake.
I thank the Chief Secretary for his statement about investment and growth.
Does he agree with me about the role that new towns will play in tackling our country’s housing crisis and how important it is that, alongside the homes in the new towns, we see the delivery of new social infrastructure?
Can he outline how those plans will work?
I thank my hon.
Friend.
As I informed the House recently, our infrastructure strategy, which will be published in June, will for the first time align social infrastructure plans for schools, GP surgeries and other public service facilities with those for housing and economic infrastructure.
For the first time, we will be making strategic decisions about the places where people live.
On the house building target—I met tenants who will be moving into new social homes in Erewash last week—we talk about 1.5 million homes and about economic growth, but in every one of those buildings is someone’s life, their opportunities and the dreams they want to fulfil.
This Government are delivering on economic growth, and we are doing so because the people at the heart of all these decisions are the people we need to get the economy moving and Britain doing well in the future.
I call Select Committee member John Glen.
Among the fundamental enablers of growth in the economy are financial services and opening up markets to invest.
I think there was consensus across this House in the last Parliament on the Financial Services and Markets Act 2023, which provided the framework to do that.
What concrete proposals have come forward from the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority consideration of changing some of the restrictions that stop the right levels of investment?
This week, the Government enabled about £100 billion of surplus funds from defined-benefit pension schemes to be made available.
What proportion of that money will be invested and in what timeframe?
The concern around these announcements is the delay to tangible, calculable economic impact.
I point the right hon.
Member to the Chancellor’s Mansion House speech, which set out in detail this Government’s approach to financial services.
They are an important enabler for the UK and a particular strength globally, as I know he knows very well.
On his particular question, I will need to write to him with the answer, but he can see that this Government are taking action to unlock investment in the UK economy.