The Welsh Government announced £157 million of funding for the NHS in Wales this year, and more than £600 million extra in their draft budget to fund health and social care and drive down waiting lists.
The Labour party has been running the NHS for 25 years in Wales, where waiting lists are through the roof, compared with those in England.
Does the Secretary of State agree with Mr Mark Drakeford that what Wales really needs is fewer hospitals?
The Welsh Government have no plans to close any hospitals.
I will not be taking any lectures from the Conservatives, with their fictitious plan to build 40 new hospitals in England.
The hospitals do not exist; the money did not exist—they are not happening.
Will the Secretary of State outline how she and her colleagues are working with the Welsh Government to improve health outcomes for people in Wales?
We are working in a spirit of genuine collaboration with the Welsh Government to do everything possible to cut waiting lists and build an NHS fit for the future in both England and Wales—a marked change from previous UK Governments, who were obstructive and hostile to the Welsh Government.
We are sharing best practice, and the Welsh Government have established a ministerial advisory group to plan NHS reforms that will improve performance and reduce waiting lists.
The group will draw on expertise from the NHS in both Wales and England.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Labour has been running the NHS badly in Wales since Tony Blair was Prime Minister, with waiting times constantly at record levels ever since.
The Government cannot just devolve and forget—the people of Wales need to see and feel proactivity from the Wales Office.
Everybody knows somebody waiting in pain in Wales.
Last week, on “Any Questions?”,
the First Minister spoke without much detail of an injection of money that will bring down waiting lists.
Can the Secretary of State explain if there is a plan, or if it is just another blank piece of paper?
The £600 million that the Welsh Government are to invest in the Welsh NHS can happen only if the hon.
Lady’s colleagues in the Senedd vote for the budget.
If they do not vote for it, the money will not happen.
What steps she is taking to strengthen the Union.
Through our new Council of Nations and Regions and regular engagement between the Secretary of State and the First Minister, our two Governments are collaborating more closely than ever before.
This means that we can deliver for Wales in new ways—on the NHS and on rail—as well as creating new job opportunities by delivering freeports, establishing investment zones and developing our industrial strategy to attract investment in critical areas such as offshore wind.
Does the Minister agree that the close collaboration by the UK and Welsh Governments to deliver the industrial strategy is an essential element of this Government’s plans to deliver strong economic growth throughout the UK, and will she explain how this joint working by both Governments will help Welsh industry?
Does she further agree that the SNP Government in Scotland should take a similar approach to reap the full benefits of our great partnership of nations, which was so badly undermined by the reckless actions of the previous Government?
I do indeed agree.
The SNP could learn a thing or two from our collaborative approach to securing economic growth in Wales.
Our new industrial strategy is central to our growth mission and our plan for change.
The Secretary of State has established an innovative economic advisory group to enable the UK and Welsh Governments, business leaders, trade unions and experts to work together to pursue opportunities for growth and jobs, and to attract investment.
Further to that answer, I see from recent press coverage that the SNP Government are once again banging on about another independence referendum, despite the Supreme Court’s ruling.