Other countries are serious about freeing business from red tape.
President Trump is doing it in America.
Argentina is taking a chainsaw to regulations.
Even the EU is not going as far as this left-wing Government.
This Bill will put us at the bottom of the pack.
Added to the jobs tax and the family business tax, it is no wonder that wealth creators are fleeing Britain in droves.
The Chancellor is desperately trying to save her reputation.
She knows Labour has damaged growth.
This Bill manifestly fails the Prime Minister’s own growth test.
If he will not drop the unemployment Bill, what is the point of his growth test?
The right hon.
Lady has got a nerve.
The Conservatives broke the economy and completely destroyed it.
They broke the health service and completely destroyed it.
They ruined the prisons and everything  else you can mention.
They failed on every front.
They are in no position to give us lectures on anything.
She says that she accepts they failed and they are changing, but they have learned absolutely nothing.
I welcome the Government’s action last week to tackle rogue traders who install faulty home insulation, affecting many of my constituents.
Does the Prime Minister agree that Labour’s warm homes plan will tackle fuel poverty and bring down bills for families as part of our plan for change?
The Conservatives have a lot to answer for in the failing system that they left behind.
We have taken immediate action to ensure that consumers insulating their homes are not let down again.
We are investing £3.4 billion in our warm homes plan to upgrade 5 million homes.
I call the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
I take this opportunity to thank the Holocaust Memorial Day Trust for all its work in commemorating the 80th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz, and to say what a privilege it was to meet Holocaust survivors at the Guildhall event.
When my hon.
Friend  the Member for North Devon (Ian Roome)  and I recently visited a hospital in Barnstaple, a surgeon there told us that it was like a ticking time bomb.
He explained that a hospital of that size needs 12 operating theatres to meet demand; it has just four.
The last Conservative Government promised to rebuild it, but we all know that that was a hollow promise.
Now the North Devon district hospital is one of nine across the country whose urgent rebuild programme has been postponed for over 10 years.
Will the Prime Minister meet hon.
Members whose constituents’ lives being are harmed by this delay, to see if there is any way we can bring these urgent projects forward?
I join the right hon.
Gentleman in his comments about the Holocaust survivors that we met earlier this week.
It was incredibly moving, as it always is, and I was struck by the fact that there were so many in the gathering.
We are unlikely to see so many in one place like that again.
We must never, ever forget.
On the question of hospitals, I think people across the country are right to feel angry, betrayed and frustrated at the last Government’s plan, or non-plan, for hospitals.
It was unachievable.
It was unfunded.
It was empty promises.
Under them, these hospitals would never have been built.
Our funded plan, backed by the investment we have put in, will deliver them.
We will take such steps as we can on hubs etc, to advance quickly on waiting lists and operations, and I am more than happy to make sure that all constituents and Members can meet the relevant Ministers.
Last week, the Prime Minister told me that it would be three years before social care reforms can be implemented.
Now he is saying that urgent hospital rebuilds will take more than a decade.
My hon.
Friends and I will keep coming back to this issue.