When the Conservatives left office, we had the fastest economic growth in the G7, but what are the Government doing for growth now?
They are destroying it.
Let us look at the employment Bill.
The Government’s own figures say it will cost business £5 billion a year.
It clearly fails the Prime Minister’s growth test.
Will he drop it?
I think the proposition that the Conservatives left a golden inheritance was tested on  4 July , which is why they are standing over there.
The Leader of the Opposition asked what we are doing.
The Office for National Statistics says that we have the highest investment for 19 years.
PwC says that this is the second-best place to invest in the world.
The International Monetary Fund has upgraded our growth, predicting that the UK will be the fastest-growing major economy in Europe.
Wages are up and inflation is down.
However, there is more to do.
We are reforming planning and regulation, building the new homes that we need, and supporting a third runway at Heathrow.
As the Leader of the Opposition admitted to the CBI in November,
“there is no point in me just complaining about Labour when it was obvious that we Conservatives lost the confidence of business.”
We are not taking lectures from them.
The Prime Minister does not want to talk about the employment Bill because he does not know about it.
Last week he misled the House.
He was not on top of his own Education Bill—
Order.
We cannot accuse the Prime Minister of misleading the House. [
Interruption.]
We cannot do it.
I am sure there are words that the Leader of the Opposition would prefer to use.
Last week, the Prime Minister claimed to have laid down an amendment that he had not made.
He does not know what is going on in here or out there.
Last week, I spoke to a woman running a business in Exeter.
She is terrified of taking on new staff.
She is struggling to keep her head above water, dreading what this Government will do next.
She is not alone.
The Federation of Small Businesses says 92% of small employers are concerned about the employment Bill.
Clauses 1 to 6 make it harder for businesses to hire new employees—often young people looking for their first job.
This is not an employment Bill; it is an unemployment Bill.
Given these clauses, will he drop his Bill and show that he is not anti-growth?
We believe in giving people proper dignity and protection at work.
That is why we are proud of our record on supporting workers.
The Conservatives consistently vote against any protection for working people, and the Leader of the Opposition’s consistent refrain is that there should be less, but we are driving growth on behalf of working people.
Good work rights are consistent with growth—every good business knows that.
On top of planning reform, the building of houses and supporting aviation, the Chancellor this morning spoke of the Oxford-Cambridge growth corridor, redeveloping Old Trafford, and manufacturing at East Midlands airport.
We want to grow the economy; the only policy the Leader of the Opposition has got is to shrink pensions.
All the Prime Minister’s ideas are the ones that we thought up.
He needs to make sure that we deliver growth now, as well as in the future.
To grow our economy, we must get more people off sickness and welfare, and into work.
Clauses 8 and 9 of the unemployment Bill take us in the opposite direction by increasing entitlements.
The Government themselves—his Government—estimate that these changes will increase business costs from £600 million to £1 billion a year in sick pay.
That will mean higher prices, fewer jobs and less growth.
Will he drop these measures from the Bill?
No.
I think they are good for workers and good for growth.