Gentleman that we will continue to work with the leaders in Northern Ireland to ensure that we deal with the storm, which has been devastating for very many people who are still without power and who have all the associated problems.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for raising the Omagh bombing inquiry.
It was a heinous and cowardly terrorist attack, and it shocked the world.
Our thoughts are with the family members who are taking part in commemorative hearings this week.
I welcome the Irish Government’s commitment to co-operating with the inquiry.
The Secretary of State for Northern Ireland has raised with the Irish Government the importance of working together on addressing these and all legacy issues, and I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for raising this very serious and important issue.
The Ipswich northern bypass is a project of local, regional and national importance, and on which the future of our town and county hinges.
However, this critical project has been gathering dust for years, repeatedly blocked by people who refuse to act in our long-term interests.
The Prime Minister has set out how our Government will back the builders over the blockers, so will he now back the builders in my town and make this a project of national significance through our plan for change?
My hon.
Friend has been relentless in seeking to boost growth and investment in Ipswich and Suffolk.
The gridlock his constituents face underlines the failure of the Conservatives to deal with that when they had the chance to do so.
We will fast track decisions on at least 150 major economic infrastructure projects to kick-start growth, and I will ensure that my hon.
Friend gets a meeting with the relevant Minister to discuss the issues of concern to him.
As my right hon.
Friend the Member for Kingston and Surbiton (Ed Davey) said earlier, last week North Devon district hospital got the devastating news that investment would be delayed for 10 years, beyond 2035.
In the five years since the last Government’s empty promises, our hospital’s maintenance backlog has grown to over £40 million.
Given that £200 million has reportedly been spent just on consultancy fees for the new hospital programme, what funding for extra maintenance will be available for those hospitals that now face another decade of waiting?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising the issue.
His constituents will be angry and frustrated at the empty, unfunded promises left by the Conservatives.
Let us be clear, under their non-plan, North Devon district hospital would simply not have been delivered—it was not just delayed; it was never going to be delivered.
Conservative Members know  that, the hon.
Gentleman knows that and his constituents know that.
We have put in place a funded, deliverable plan that will see the hospital built, and we will work closely with the trust to accelerate work.
The Conservative party owes his constituents an apology.
Children in Ealing Southall will be sleeping on sofas and living room floors tonight because of 14 years of failure by the Conservatives.
Ealing council has joined over 100 councils that are trying to remove the barriers and give those kids a decent home to live in—something Conservative Members do not seem to care about.
As part of the Government’s plan for change, will the Prime Minister look at the five solutions put forward by those councils, so that we can secure the future of council housing for those children sleeping on the floor tonight?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise that very serious issue.
We are committed to working with every council to deliver the biggest increase in social and affordable housing in a generation.
We are immediately taking action to reform the right to buy and to enable councils to borrow more cheaply, and investing in the affordable homes programme.