That is affordable only thanks to the fact that our plan for the economy is working.
Labour has no plan, and would end up having to cut the research budget.
What steps her Department is taking to improve rural connectivity.
Through Project Gigabit, we have signed 31 contracts to bring lightning-fast broadband to a further 780,000 rural homes and businesses across our country.
Gigabit-capable connections are already being made in Barrow and Furness through our investment in Cumbria, and the shared rural network has already delivered substantial improvements in mobile coverage.
I thank the Minister for her answer.
I am delighted to see that Project Gigabit is delivering for Barrow and Furness: we have Fibrus delivering to the procured areas and companies such as Voneus now delivering to Walney, and there is healthy competition.
What consideration has she given to rolling out truly technology-agnostic solutions to make the final mile better connected?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his role as rural connectivity champion; I discussed that role yesterday with the Under-Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, my hon.
Friend the Member  for Keighley (Robbie Moore).
I am pleased to see that he recently attended a visit to see how the supplier Voneus is investing in a wider solution for premises on Walney island.
I assure him that we already take a technology-agnostic approach to our contracts, with some suppliers using wireless connectivity and exploring fixed wireless access and low Earth orbit satellites.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle digital exclusion.
The Government have been absolutely clear that no one should be left behind in the digital age.
Digital inclusion is a cross-cutting issue spanning many different areas.
I chair the cross-Whitehall ministerial group for digital inclusion to drive progress and accountability across Government, and we have increased the frequency of our meetings—that is how important we see this issue as being.
I regularly meet relevant organisations, including by attending the Centre for Social Justice’s digital exclusion roundtable and the upcoming meeting of the digital inclusion APPG.
Digital inclusion works only when people trust website links.
My constituent let me know that by clicking on a dodgy link, he was tricked into making an investment of over £108,000, which turned out to be a scam.
The Government’s latest digital inclusion strategy was written 10 years ago.
Does the Minister accept that there are good reasons why many older people want to be able to look somebody in the eye when making investments or doing their banking?
Choice is important, which is why our digital inclusion approach cuts across many Departments.
I am sorry to hear the case of the hon.
Gentleman’s constituent.
I am happy for him to write to me, and I can talk to him about our national fraud strategy as well.
The impact of the digital world on our lives is growing every day, but we do not yet know enough about the consequences for society, democracy or, indeed, our children, because the data held by tech companies is not visible to the Government, regulators, researchers or the public.
Will my hon.
Friend update the House on measures to open up access to this data, and will he commit Government support for the amendments to the Data Protection and Digital Information Bill tabled in the other place by Lord Bethell, which would introduce a “data for researchers” scheme?
I thank my hon.
Friend for all her campaigning on this and other online safety-related issues; we have had a number of engagements.
The Government said very clearly that we would explore the issue of data access for researchers into online safety during the passage of the Online Safety Act 2023.
We are aware of the amendments tabled to the DPDI Bill, and I encourage my hon.
Friend to watch this space, as we will be reporting in due course.