The Times today describes it as a failure of administration.
I am happy to confirm that the Criminal Justice Board, chaired by my right hon.
and learned Friend the Lord Chancellor, meets very frequently.
Indeed, I attended its most recent meeting just three or four weeks ago—with the Lord Chancellor, other Ministers, police leads, senior members of the judiciary and the Crown Prosecution Service, and many others—so I can categorically confirm that it does exist and it meets regularly.
On my hon.
Friend’s question about the police, the police are rightly operationally independent.
It is not for Ministers to direct how they discharge their duties; they discharge their duties appropriately with their  professional standards and professional judgment, and we support them in doing so.
Operational independence for the police is important, as I am sure everyone on both sides of the House respects.
It is obvious from the Minister’s demeanour that he does not like to be called to account, but he should reflect on the fact that the mere fact such a letter was written, and in the circumstances in which it was written, is a cause for concern, which he should be taking seriously.
It is symptomatic of a wider malaise in the English and Welsh criminal justice system.
Last year, 215,933 burglaries went unsolved across England and Wales—an average of 592 a day.
Is that not something the Minister should be addressing, rather than getting a little bit worked up with the shadow Home Secretary?
I may have got worked up, because the allegations being made were, in my view, unfounded and unsupported by the facts.
I was simply trying to put across the facts—both the numbers and also the quotes from the relevant policing lead—which flatly contradicted the dystopian picture that the shadow Home Secretary, characteristically, was seeking to paint.
To answer the right hon.
Gentleman’s question, we of course take such matters seriously.
The Lord Chancellor is working night and day to increase prison capacity, both by building new prisons expeditiously and by pulling every lever at his disposal to build more capacity within the existing estate.
The prisons are pretty full because the police have done a good job at identifying, catching and incarcerating dangerous criminals.
A thoughtful approach, of the kind called for by the Chair of the Justice Committee, my hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for Bromley and Chislehurst (Sir Robert Neill) , has been taken.
That is why, with the implementation of the end of custody supervised licence tomorrow, the issues and contingencies provided for in the letter of last week will no longer be required.
It was an eight-day period and, thankfully, those contingencies were not in fact required.
It is reassuring to hear from the Minister that the contingencies were not required, but also interesting to see that the letter was actually issued.
Given his reactions here today to that, what process has he put in place to ensure that he is consulted before any such instructions or suggestions are issued?
As a former Home Office Minister, my hon.
Friend has a great deal of experience in this area.
The police are operationally independent, but we liaise closely with them and the National Police Chiefs’ Council.
I have regular discussions with Gavin Stephens, who chairs the NPCC, and, in relation to this matter, with Chief Constable Rob Nixon, who is the criminal justice lead, and with Deputy Chief Constable Nev Kemp of Surrey, who is the lead for custody.
I will take this opportunity to place on the record my thanks to police up and down the country for their careful management over the past seven days, which has ensured that our fellow citizens have been kept safe.
North Yorkshire and West Yorkshire police have just arrested 62 people in a county lines operation.