I am sure that many Members are parents and would want their own children to go to and from school safely.
The Government have launched an antisocial action plan, one of the elements of which is a funded scheme for antisocial behaviour hotspot patrols.
That started just a few weeks ago, so I would urge the hon.
Lady to speak to her local police and crime commissioner—I think a newly elected one in Northumbria, if memory serves me correctly—and to ask that one of the funded hotspot patrols be set up in the vicinity of that school to try to tackle the issue that she described, because no parent should have to face that.
Figures published last month showed that Bedfordshire police has the slowest response time to 999 calls, because of understaffing.
Does the Minister realise how ridiculous it sounds to ask the police not to police and to arrest fewer people, because his Government have broken the justice system and are allowing criminals to get away scot-free?
That is a completely inaccurate characterisation of the situation.
The eight-day period provided for a contingency that was not required.
I have read to the House an assurance from the relevant National Police Chiefs’ Council lead that arrests were not forgone or cancelled as a result of the contingency.
More widely, as I have said, we have record police numbers and lower crime than 14 years ago, and I would have thought that we would all welcome that.
The issue with prison capacity is partly a crisis of reoffending.
Dartmoor prison was subject to an inspection last year, and was awarded only one out of four because of inadequate education and work opportunities.
HMP Dartmoor holds a large number of people convicted of sexual offences, but the report says that there were no accredited programmes for rehabilitation.
Sexual offences in Devon and Cornwall rose by 19% in the year to 2023.
Does the Minister accept that the prison capacity crisis is partly about reoffending, and what is he doing about it?
The Justice Secretary has assured me that Dartmoor is a well-run and well-regarded prison.
One of the reasons why my colleagues in the Ministry of Justice, here on the Benches, are presiding over such a large increase in prison capacity is to ensure that prisoners are better rehabilitated in the prison estate.
The hon.
Gentleman rightly mentioned reoffending: preventing reoffending is critical.
Much offending is connected with drug addiction—some estimates suggest nearly half—so getting more people into treatment is important, both in the courts system and in the prison estate.
It is critical that, as people leave prison and re-enter the community, the drug treatment they received in prison continues in the community.
We call it continuity of  care, and it has increased quite dramatically recently—I would like it increase even more.
That is one of the ways that we will reduce reoffending, which, as he said, is an important policy objective.
On a point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker, I wonder if you could help me to get some answers.
The Minister said during the urgent question that certain criminals who are a risk to the public would not be released, unlike Charlie Taylor, the inspector of prisons, who said that high-risk prisoners are being released under the scheme.
I have heard of a case where it took the court 29 months to hold a sentencing hearing on actual bodily harm against two different people as part of a domestic abuse situation.
The prisoner was sentenced to four years, and was deemed to be such a risk because of previous sexual violence convictions that he was put on remand.
On the day of the sentencing hearing, he was released immediately because he had been identified as suitable for early release.