I call Sir Robert Neill, and I hope there will be more calm.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that this important debate, which touches upon not only public safety but the whole way in which our justice system operates, is best dealt with in a calm fashion?
It is perfectly reasonable to adopt contingency measures, which we hope are often not needed, but the most important thing is to ensure that all parties in this House commit to a consistent and sustained investment in all aspects of the criminal justice system, because we cannot decouple policing from the courts, prisons and the whole of the process.
That is the sensible debate that the country needs to have.
My hon.
and learned Friend, as always, puts it very well.
He is quite right that investment is important.
That is why there are record numbers of police officers.
It is why 20,000 prison places are in the course of being constructed, 5,900 of which are currently operational and 10,000 of which will be operational by the end of next year.
It is why more money is being put into the Crown Prosecution Service.
It is why my right hon.
and learned Friend the Lord Chancellor, who is  here on the Front Bench, is ensuring that legal aid is properly resourced, as is the criminal Bar.
Those are all extremely important initiatives to ensure that the public are protected.
The ultimate measure of public protection, of course, is the overall level of criminality, which, as I have said once or twice before, has halved since the Labour party left office.
I call the Chair of the Home Affairs Committee.
Obviously, public safety is paramount in all of this, and I do want to say to the Minister that the fact that contingency plans were being drawn up is itself worrying.
I accept what the Chair of the Justice Committee,  the hon.
and learned Member for Bromley and Chislehurst (Sir Robert Neill) , says about this being a sensible step to take, but it is indeed very worrying that we have to have contingencies in place.
If in the future these contingency plans are activated, what happens if the police decide not to prioritise an arrest and in the meantime that person goes on to harm someone?
I am thinking of non-contact sexual offences and, in particular, retail crime, which the Home Affairs Committee has been looking at recently.
The right hon.
Lady is right to say that arrests of offenders of the kinds she describes are extremely important, and at no point would I ever expect, even in the contingency outlined—in fact, it never came to pass, as I have set out—that offenders of the kinds she references would not continue to be arrested.
That is critically important.
The ECSL 70 measure—end of custody supervised licence for up to 70 days—which comes into effect tomorrow, is designed to ensure that such scenarios never come about, because as Policing Minister I want to make sure that we never see the situation she describes.
Will my right hon.
Friend accept that the action by the leader of the National Police Chiefs’ Council is against the separation of powers principles?
We make the law in this House, and we expect it to be implemented and administered without fear or favour.
What seems to be happening is that unelected chiefs, such as the NPCC leader, are interfering with the administration of justice.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that things would be a lot better if the Criminal Justice Board had not failed to meet for two years, which is apparently what has happened?
Will he accept that we need to start putting things right?
The Times today describes it as a failure of administration.
I am happy to confirm that the Criminal Justice Board, chaired by my right hon.
and learned Friend the Lord Chancellor, meets very frequently.