The contingencies referred to in the letter were not in fact required, so her constituents and everybody else’s can be assured that the police are continuing to do their job of arresting dangerous criminals.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for the update to the House.
In London we have the challenge of the Metropolitan police failing to meet their recruitment targets.
The police are under incredible pressure at weekends, policing hate marches and other demonstrations in central London.
Police are being drawn in from outside London to carry that out.
Now that the mayoral election is over, what action is my right hon.
Friend taking with the Mayor of London to ensure that the Met police meet their recruitment targets, and that the police are trained properly and can get on with the job of catching criminals?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise the question of police numbers in London.
Whereas across England and Wales as a whole we have record police numbers and 42 of the 43 police forces met their recruitment target, there was one that did not: the Metropolitan police under Sadiq Khan.
In fact, its numbers unfortunately have shrunk in the past year, rather than grown.
I therefore attended the police performance oversight group, which is the special measures group chaired by the chief inspector, just a few days ago, attended by the commissioner and the deputy Mayor, Sophie Linden.
Unfortunately, Sadiq Khan did not see fit to show up to that meeting.
One of the points I made forcefully was the importance of growing police numbers in London.
It is the only force in the country to miss its target, and that must be turned around.
Let me get this right: the Government are boasting that they appointed 20,000 extra policemen and women to prevent crime and protect the public; criminals create and undertake crime; and an instruction is given to the police not to arrest them because the prisons are full.
The Government’s defence is, “It’s all right; the instruction was never acted upon.”
Can the public have any confidence, if it is possible for the police to give instructions today, and maybe again next week, not to arrest criminals?
Can we really believe that crime is being taken seriously in this country?
Crime is taken very seriously, which why it has fallen by 6% in the past year and 55% since 2010.
The right hon.
Gentleman referred to a period of just eight days when a contingency was considered but not used.
The Lord Chancellor, rightly and in a thoughtful and measured manner, has taken steps that will take effect tomorrow to ensure that such a contingency is not required in future.
That is a responsible way of handling the situation.
The Minister has stood in front of us today and said, “It would never be any of the kind of crimes you’re talking about.”
The Prime Minister said last week at Prime Minister’s questions:
“No one would be put on the scheme”—
the early release scheme—
“if they were deemed a threat to public safety.
”—[Official Report,  15 May 2024 ; Vol.
750, c. 249.]
The Minister is basically saying the same today, yet my inbox is full of cases of where perpetrators of domestic violence, rape, sexual violence and child abuse against multiple victims are being released early from prison.
Does he think that someone who has raped someone, gone to prison, come out and done it again is not deemed a threat to the public?
I can answer the hon.
Lady’s question specifically: the early release scheme that the Lord Chancellor established expressly excludes serious violence and sexual offenders, including rapists.
There is an additional safeguard, which did not exist in the previous Labour Government’s equivalent scheme: a governor’s veto of early release if they believe there is a threat to public safety.