Does the Prime Minister intend to call a summer general election, or is he feart?
As I have said repeatedly to the right hon.
Gentleman, there is—spoiler alert—going to be a general election in the second half of this year.
At that moment, the British people will in fact see the truth about  the right hon.
and learned Member for Holborn and St Pancras (Keir Starmer) , because that will be the choice at the next election.
It will be a party that is not able to say to the country what it would do—a party that would put at risk our hard-earned economic stability—or the Conservatives who are delivering a secure future for our United Kingdom.
The Prime Minister continues to play games with the public, so while he does that, let us get back to some serious matters.
I was taken aback this week when a former Prime Minister spoke some sense.
Alas, it was, indeed, David Cameron.
What he said in relation to graduate route visas was that if any restrictions were implemented, it would lead to job losses, university closures and a reduction in research.
Universities Scotland outlines that £5 billion of economic value is at risk.
So, may I ask the Prime Minister: does he agree with the Foreign Secretary?
The Foreign Secretary also said that the levels of legal migration to this country are too high.
That is what I also believe, which is why it is right that we are taking decisive action to bring down the numbers.
And that plan is working.
In the first three months of this year, the visas issued are down by 25% and migration is on its way to being returned to more sustainable levels.
I appreciate that that is a point of difference between the right hon.
Gentleman’s party, and indeed the Labour party, and us.
We believe that that level of migration needs to come down to more sustainable levels, so that we ease the pressure on public services.
Everyone who comes to our country must contribute economically.
That is the migration system that we will deliver.
On the Welsh borders, we are incredibly proud of the Veterans’ Orthopaedic Centre at the Robert Jones and Agnes Hunt Orthopaedic Hospital in north Shropshire, which treats veterans not only locally, including from my constituency of Clwyd South, but from across Britain, as it is the largest hospital-based veterans service in the UK.
Will the Prime Minister help resolve the centre’s current funding crisis, caused by changes in the NHS funding formula last year, given the fantastic treatment provided by Lieutenant Colonel Carl Meyer and his team for our amazing veterans community across the UK?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that important issue.
We are committed to making the UK the best place in the world to be a veteran and to ensuring that they have access to the appropriate physical and mental health support that they deserve.
That is why we have rolled out Operation Restore, Op Courage and Op Nova.
NHS England has been introducing a suite of health services to work more closely with  orthopaedic services.
I know that my hon.
Friend has raised this issue of funding with the Minister for Veterans’ Affairs, who will be writing back to him with an update in due course.
I join others in welcoming back to the House  the hon.
Member for South Thanet (Craig Mackinlay) .
We admire his courage, and send our best wishes to him and his family.
I also join others in remembering all the victims of the bombing at the Manchester Arena.
Amanda claimed carer’s allowance when caring for her mother, but the Department for Work and Pensions is now hounding her to pay back £1,200.
Karina, whose daughter requires round-the-clock care, has been hit by a bill for £11,000.
Victoria is being forced to pay back £100 a month.