Of course the behaviour that the right hon.
and learned Gentleman describes is wrong and, I believe, already illegal under our laws, but we will ensure people have the ability to raise concerns.
One thing that I know has given many of those who have been impacted by the scandal some reassurance is the  appointment of Sir Robert Francis to be chair of the inquiry.
Obviously he is someone who does not just have a wealth of experience dealing with this particular set of issues, but has a long track record of working with the NHS on the issues that the right hon.
and learned Gentleman raises.
Sir Brian’s report is a victory for all those campaigners and victims who fought so hard for this moment, including my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson) , but it is also one of profound pain, anger and sadness for so many.
There is a chance for us to make real progress on this issue and we must do that with victims in mind.
Given the degree of cross-party consensus that we have already seen on apologies and compensation, and given the Government’s promise to ensure compensation by the end of the year, will the Prime Minister also now promise to deliver on all the recommendations in the same timeframe, by the end of the year?
Of course we want to deliver on the recommendations as quickly as practically possible.
Indeed, our expectation is that we can do that before the end of the year.
As I said, Sir Robert’s appointment will bring a wealth of experience; it is crucial that the chair has the knowledge, expertise and familiarity with the issues.
His support for delivering the scheme and ensuring that compensation can be paid by the end of the year will be invaluable.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman talked about the community.
Over the next few weeks, Sir Robert will seek views from the infected blood community specifically on the proposed scheme, to ensure the scheme will best serve those it is intended for.
Our shared priority is delivering compensation to all those infected and affected with absolutely minimum delay, and begin bringing justice to all of those impacted.
In 1997, the public voted in what they were told would be a sort of continuity Conservative Government—the same policies, but with different faces.
Instead what they got was record immigration, constitutional vandalism and a broken economy.
Does the Prime Minister agree that, with the economy now roaring back to life under a Conservative Government, the last thing we need is a return to the failed Labour recipe of high taxes, open borders and employment laws that destroy jobs?
My hon.
Friend gives a superb and passionate economic diagnosis.
He is right: inflation is now back to normal, and, indeed, lower than that of France, Germany and the United States.
Inflation is at its lowest level in years, our economy is growing faster and wages are rising, which is why we need to stick to the plan that is working.
He is right to point out the risks of what the Labour party proposes: 70 new laws —70 new laws!
Labour has caved in to its union paymasters, and what does that mean?
It means that it will cost jobs and damage our economic recovery.
I call the SNP leader.
May I begin by also welcoming  the hon.
Member for South Thanet (Craig Mackinlay)  back to the Chamber?
He is indeed an inspiration to all of us.
Mr Speaker, speculation is rife, so I think the public deserve a clear answer to a simple question.
Does the Prime Minister intend to call a summer general election, or is he feart?
As I have said repeatedly to the right hon.
Gentleman, there is—spoiler alert—going to be a general election in the second half of this year.