Lady well knows, diversity, STEM education and skills are at the heart of the UK science and technology framework, and we will be publishing skills frameworks for each of its priority areas.
What steps her Department is taking to support the life sciences manufacturing sector.
The Government could not be more committed to supporting our valued life sciences sector, which, in the financial year ending 2022, contributed well over £100 billion in turnover to the UK economy and employed more than 300,000 people.
As the Minister will know, there is a shortage of laboratory space and clinical trials in the UK, and companies such as Precision Health Technologies Accelerator in Birmingham, led by the excellent Professor Gino Martini, want to be part of the solution to the problem.
What help can the Government give businesses of that kind so that we can increase the number of clinical trials to help the advancement of lifesaving medicines?
My hon.
Friend is right: such is the growth of this important sector that we need more lab space quickly.
I personally benefited from the advice of Professor Martini in the life sciences real estate working group.
Precision Health Technologies Accelerator does some amazing work in my hon.
Friend’s constituency to knock down barriers to building, many of which are sadly the fault of Labour councils.
Dementia and Alzheimer’s disease remain the largest cause of death in the United Kingdom.
The Government pledged in 2019 to fund dementia research.
What more is the Minister doing to ensure that we have early diagnosis, access to trials and support for life sciences to transform dementia outcomes?
Dementia is a crippling disease for so many people, and will touch so many people’s lives.
The Health Secretary and I recently hosted the heads of the Dementia Mission at No.
10 Downing Street to announce more funding, and I should be happy to meet the hon.
Member and any representatives of dementia organisations in his constituency.
I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
A facility that would allow the production of good manufacturing practice phages would be an asset to many companies working in the field, and would play a key part in tackling antimicrobial resistance.
What consideration has been given to repurposing the Rosalind Franklin Institute as a GMP facility for phage production rather than selling it off?
The hon.
Lady has made some important points.
My officials and I have met representatives of the institute and have considered a number of options for it, of which they and, I believe, she will be aware.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to ensure that Government-funded research is used to help increase levels of productivity.
The Government are providing record levels of taxpayer funding for research, and my right hon.
Friend is right to highlight the opportunity to improve productivity.
A priority for research councils is to focus on not just discovery but innovation, so that British taxpayers feel the benefits of faster economic growth, rising living standards and better health outcomes.
As I saw during a recent visit to Chase Farm Hospital, better digital systems can dramatically improve NHS productivity, and artificial intelligence can contribute to that as well.
Will the Government use their science and research budget to increase NHS output, improve outcomes for patients and get waiting lists down?
That is exactly what we are doing.
On Monday, the Prime Minister announced £15.5 million to roll out artificial intelligence radiotherapy that locates cancer cells two and a half times more quickly, helping to reduce those anxious days for patients and their families who are awaiting a diagnosis.
That is affordable only thanks to the fact that our plan for the economy is working.
Labour has no plan, and would end up having to cut the research budget.
What steps her Department is taking to improve rural connectivity.