I have heard of a case where it took the court 29 months to hold a sentencing hearing on actual bodily harm against two different people as part of a domestic abuse situation.
The prisoner was sentenced to four years, and was deemed to be such a risk because of previous sexual violence convictions that he was put on remand.
On the day of the sentencing hearing, he was released immediately because he had been identified as suitable for early release.
Yet the Minister told me today that no one with a history of sexual offending, who was a risk to the public or who had committed domestic abuse would be released.
That is just one of many cases.
I wonder whether the Prime Minister or the Minister has misled the House.
Could you advise me how I could take that up?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her point of order.
I am sure she meant to say that she was indicating that any misleading of the House would be inadvertent.
I am not  responsible, obviously, for responses from Ministers, but the Minister, who is still here, will have heard her comments, as will have those on the Treasury Bench.
Does the Minister wish to speak further to that point of order?
Further to that point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
The hon.
Lady raises an individual case and I am sure the Lord Chancellor would be happy to look at an individual case for her.
She mentioned someone released on sentencing.
Of course, the court or the probation service will look at time served on remand already, so a prisoner may have been on remand for quite a long time at the point that they come to a sentencing hearing.
To repeat the more general rules, which are Ministry of Justice policy: the release under licence up to 70 days prior to the ordinary release point does not apply to any prisoner serving a sentence of more than four years; it does not apply to any prisoner serving a sentence for serious sexual or violent offences; and the prison governor can veto the release of a prisoner considered to be a danger.
Those are the safeguards, but if the hon.
Lady wants to debate the matter in more detail, I am sure my colleague the Lord Chancellor would be very happy to do that.
I thank the Minister for stating his position.
I suggest that perhaps the offer of a further discussion with the Lord Chancellor would be appropriate.
I am sure the hon.
Lady will come back after that if she feels there are further points she wishes to make.
She is very experienced in knowing how to make her views known in the House, so I am sure that that is probably the best way forward for now.
With permission, Madam Deputy Speaker, I would like to make a statement on the economy, following the release of inflation data by the Office for National Statistics this morning and the conclusion of the International Monetary Fund’s annual article IV mission to the UK on Tuesday.
The ONS data released today shows that consumer prices index inflation has fallen to 2.3%—a return to normal levels last seen before the pandemic and Russia’s invasion of Ukraine.
Earlier this week, the IMF said that the UK economy is “approaching a soft landing”.
It upgraded its forecasts for UK growth in 2024, having seen lower inflation accompanied by stronger than expected growth in the first quarter.
These developments are proof that the Government’s plan is working, the difficult decisions we have taken are paying off and the UK economy really is beginning to turn the corner.
Let me start with the inflation figures.
When the Prime Minister came to office less than two years ago, inflation was over 11%.
The fall to 2.3% means that we have seen the fastest fall in inflation in nearly half a century.