I have to say that the Minister’s response is shocking: telling people they have never had it so good when faced with this crisis in the criminal justice system shows just how out of touch he is.
The state of crisis in the criminal justice system after 14 years of Conservative Government is now so dire that police chiefs were asked to arrest fewer people because the system could not cope.
At the Operation Safeguard silver update they were asked to consider pausing any planned operations where large numbers of arrests might take place to ease the pressure within the criminal justice system—because this Tory Government, in power for 14 years, had so catastrophically failed to manage the criminal justice system or build the basic prison places promised.
Last week alone there were 280 prisoners in police cells overnight; we have got early release, massively expanded, starting tomorrow, including for domestic abusers; and now this serious impact on public safety of Operation Early Dawn telling the prisoner escort service not to collect prisoners from police stations to take them to court because there are not enough places, with police forces having to pick up the pieces instead.
The NPCC said in its letter in the strongest terms that that is unsustainable and that it risks public safety.
Will the Minister tell us what assessment he did when these letters went out, and when the crisis reached this point, of the scale of the challenge?
Who, in these circumstances, does he think it is acceptable not to send to court because of his Government’s abject failure on law and order?
Violent criminals?
Domestic abusers?
Repeat shoplifters?
And which big operations involving lots of arrests does he think should be paused in these situations?
Crackdowns on drugs rings or grooming gangs?
Swoops on people smugglers?
And when should they be paused until?
Where is the Government plan?
Arrests have already halved since the Tories came to power, and charge rates have already dropped through the floor.
The legacy of 14 years of Tory government on law and order is more criminals let off, more victims let down.
Britain deserves better.
The right hon.
Lady likes to pontificate in an animated fashion, but the fact is that, according to the crime survey, crime has halved since the Government of which she was a part left office.
She feigns indignation about the early custody release scheme, but she forgot to mention that, under the last Labour Government, it ran for three years and saw 80,000 people released early.
The right hon.
Lady referenced the letter from last week.
I have a message here from Chief Constable Rob Nixon, sent to me about 45 minutes ago, updating me on the actual situation, so let me just read out to the House what it says.
The National Police Chiefs’ Council criminal justice lead said: “There have been no delays to arrests.”
He said there have been some minor delays in getting people to court, but everyone who needed to got there.
A small number were conveyed by police, but there was limited operational impact.
He says: “There has been no compromise to public safety, and the contingency of delaying arrests was not activated as it was not necessary.”
That is from the National Police Chiefs’ Council, sent 45 minutes ago.
Those are the facts, and I suggest the right hon.
Lady sticks to them. [
Interruption.]
I call Sir Robert Neill, and I hope there will be more calm.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that this important debate, which touches upon not only public safety but the whole way in which our justice system operates, is best dealt with in a calm fashion?