Nobody wants to see any child grow up in poverty, and that is why I am pleased that the record of this and previous Governments has reduced not just the number of people living in poverty, but the number of children living in poverty, thanks to our measures to strengthen the economy.
When it comes to food support for vulnerable children, we have extended the holiday activity and food programme with £200 million of funding, and we are investing £30 million in our national school breakfast programme, which will now run until the end of the summer term.
The best ways to help people with the cost of living are to cut their taxes, keep unemployment low and get inflation down—things that this Government are doing.
What is the Prime Minister’s assessment of how the very welcome news of today’s reduction in inflation will help businesses and families with the costs that they face?
My hon.
Friend is exactly right in his analysis of how to help working families and our country.
Thanks to the difficult decisions that we have taken, inflation today is back to normal, which is a very welcome moment.
Of course, there is more work to do, and people are only just starting to feel the benefits, but it is clear that the plan is working, and that is why we have also been able to deliver significant tax cuts worth £900 to the average worker in our country.
That is all progress that would absolutely be put at risk by the Labour party.
Harland & Wolff is an iconic cornerstone of the UK’s future shipbuilding, defence and energy capabilities.
It has saved four shipyards from administration, having invested millions, and it now employs 1,500 workers across England, Scotland and Northern Ireland, many of whom are my constituents.
Approval for the company’s export development guarantee is crucial to consolidate that progress.
Will the Prime Minister ensure that that is achieved?
The Government are committed to supporting the UK shipbuilding sector right across the nation.
I have seen at first hand what companies such as Harland & Wolff do, and the role that they play in the economy.
Although, as the hon.
Gentleman will understand, I cannot comment specifically on the details of any individual case due to commercial sensitivity, I can assure him that we are working closely with Harland & Wolff in its request for a UK Export Finance-guaranteed loan—that is under consideration.
I also pay tribute to  the right hon.
Member for Belfast East (Gavin Robinson)  for all his strong advocacy for that company.
The smart new £15 million accident and emergency unit at Huddersfield Royal Infirmary opened in the early hours of this morning.
Will the Prime Minister join me in thanking the team at HRI and welcoming the new doctors and nurses who have been recruited for the A&E unit, and does he agree that, alongside the new teaching block at Greenhead College, the West Yorkshire investment zone and the trans-Pennine rail upgrade, it shows that we are delivering for my constituents in the Holme and Colne valleys and Lindley?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend and his constituents on their brand-new A&E unit at the Huddersfield Royal Infirmary, which is, as he said, a real game-changer for residents.
It is not the only piece of delivery in his area.
He mentioned the trans-Pennine rail upgrade delivering faster journeys, but there are also levelling-up projects such as Huddersfield open market and the new teaching block at Greenhead College.
They show that it is the Conservatives who are delivering on the priorities of his local community.
The International Criminal Court’s chief prosecutor is seeking arrest warrants for Israeli and Hamas leaders for war crimes and crimes against humanity.