I have regular discussions with Gavin Stephens, who chairs the NPCC, and, in relation to this matter, with Chief Constable Rob Nixon, who is the criminal justice lead, and with Deputy Chief Constable Nev Kemp of Surrey, who is the lead for custody.
I will take this opportunity to place on the record my thanks to police up and down the country for their careful management over the past seven days, which has ensured that our fellow citizens have been kept safe.
North Yorkshire and West Yorkshire police have just arrested 62 people in a county lines operation.
They seized swords, a machete and a crossbow, and took 3 kg of cannabis, crack  cocaine and heroin off the streets, alongside the misery and violence that characterises county lines gangs.
I am so grateful to them for that work, but are the Government suggesting that they should have allowed it to continue until further notice under these contingency plans, all because the Government have so mismanaged the criminal justice system and the collapse in prison places?
First, prison places have not collapsed; I think there are more prison places now than in the recent past.
I congratulate North Yorkshire and West Yorkshire police on that operation, which the hon.
Lady said led to 62 arrests of dangerous criminals.
As I have said, none of the contingencies referenced were activated, and there was never any question of dangerous criminals of that kind not being arrested.
That is exactly the kind of operation we like to see.
I am speaking from memory, but I think we have closed down something like 6,000 county lines in the past four years.
I am delighted to see such operations successfully putting dangerous criminals where they belong: behind bars.
I am glad to hear that the contingency contained in the letter was not required.
We can tell how tough this Government are being on crime and criminals by the very heavy population in our prison estate.
The long-term solution is to build more prisons.
Can the Minister update us on when he estimates the prison building programme will catch up with the prison population?
The Justice Secretary and the Prisons Minister, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Charnwood (Edward Argar) , who is also here, are building prison capacity rapidly.
By the end of next year they will have added 10,000 prison places, including at sites such as HMP Millsike, which will be open shortly.
We are embarking on a huge prison construction programme, which is on top of the fact that we already have record numbers of prison places.
The fact that we have filled those up with criminals, serving typically longer sentences, is testament to the successful approach to law and order that this Government have taken.
Last Friday I attended a community meeting in my constituency with a group of residents, our local safer neighbourhood team and some of our elected councillors.
It was in response to a fatal shooting of a young 26-year-old.
The residents spoke about having the reassurance of knowing that the suspect had already been arrested, thanks to the work of the local police.
What is the Minister’s message to my constituents, and many others across the country, where suspects will now not be arrested as a result of this guidance?
First, I pay tribute to the hon.
Lady’s local police for the work they have done.
I gently refer her to my previous answers: there have been no arrests that ought to have taken place but did not as a result of this contingency.
The way she framed her question completely ignored the answers I have previously given.
The contingencies referred to in the letter were not in fact required, so her constituents and everybody else’s can be assured that the police are continuing to do their job of arresting dangerous criminals.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for the update to the House.