I can answer the hon.
Lady’s question specifically: the early release scheme that the Lord Chancellor established expressly excludes serious violence and sexual offenders, including rapists.
There is an additional safeguard, which did not exist in the previous Labour Government’s equivalent scheme: a governor’s veto of early release if they believe there is a threat to public safety.
I am glad that the Minister has brought the Lord Chancellor and the Prisons Minister with him, as they can explain how 70-day early release—Operation Early Dawn—means that criminals either will not be locked up or are being let out early.
Is the truth not that he is presiding over operational failures in policing, the courts and the prison system, and is responding to them with ad hoc panic measures?
The police are successfully reducing crime, for which I thank them.
In the last calendar year—the most recent year for which figures are available—there were 30,000 more successful outcomes, which typically means a prosecution, than the previous year.
The courts and prisons systems in England and Wales—as in Scotland and around the world—are under pressure, candidly speaking, largely as a result of the post-covid environment and delays that built up in the system during covid, which have not yet cleared.
That is not unique to this jurisdiction.
Those people released according to the criteria that I mentioned are closely supervised under licence, and subject to recall should they breach that licence.
My constituent Johnny Wood’s sister Jackie was tragically killed by four men driving a stolen lorry in 2018.
They were convicted of dangerous driving, but one of them has been released from prison, having served only half his sentence—just five years.
He is reported to have broken his banning order from the local area while under supervision from the Probation Service.
Johnny and his family have been let down by every part of the system over the last six years.
What is the Minister’s message to Johnny, and what specifically can he do to help in this case?
I have every sympathy for victims such as the hon.
Lady’s constituent, and the truly tragic case that she outlines.
If she would like me to look into particular policing aspects of that case, I would be happy to help.
If it is a prisons, probation or sentencing-related issue, my right hon.
Friends from the Ministry of Justice stand ready to help her and her constituent.
In relation to automatic release on to licence, under the last Labour Government all offenders ended up getting automatically released at the halfway point.
This Government have substantially reduced that, including for offences such as rape.
I recall in a Bill Committee a couple of years ago that Labour MPs voted against a measure to keep rapists in prison for longer.
Over the weekend I was almost in tears reading a letter from a local primary school of an account of one of their young mums who felt so intimidated by antisocial behaviour on her estate that she was unable to walk her young son to school in the morning.
The school tried to  provide a social worker to escort her, but they also felt intimidated.
What message does it send to the school, the mum and her child about the safety of our streets when chief constables feel it necessary to deprioritise arrests on the Minister’s watch?
Cases of the kind that the hon.
Lady describes would not have been in the scope of the contingency outlined in the letter of a week ago.
The antisocial behaviour that she described is completely unacceptable.
I am sure that many Members are parents and would want their own children to go to and from school safely.
The Government have launched an antisocial action plan, one of the elements of which is a funded scheme for antisocial behaviour hotspot patrols.
That started just a few weeks ago, so I would urge the hon.