Our thoughts are with them and their families.
I pay tribute to Figen Murray, who joins us in the Gallery, for the courage and bravery of her campaigning in her son Martyn’s memory.
I look forward to meeting her later today.
I also add my personal welcome back to Parliament to my friend and colleague, my hon.
Friend  the Member for South Thanet (Craig Mackinlay) .
No one who watched his interview last night could have failed to be awed by his incredible resilience.
This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
I, too, welcome  the hon.
Member for South Thanet (Craig Mackinlay)  back to the House and wish him well in his duties.
I associate myself with the Prime Minister’s remarks.
The Association of Dental Groups, in its May 2022 report, identified my Wellingborough constituency as one of England’s dental deserts.
I welcomed the Prime Minister’s grand scheme to send dental vans to constituencies like mine but, months on, he is having to U-turn because there are not enough vans.
Why can he not address this issue seriously?
That is not right.
Actually, thanks to our dental recovery plan, we are delivering 2.5 million more dental appointments.
There is a new patient premium and new provision for remote communities, and we know the plan is now delivering because, since it was announced in January, over 500 more dental practices are now accepting new patients.
I also point out to the hon.
Lady that, compared with her party’s plan, we are producing more than twice the number of extra appointments to get people the treatment they need.
Today’s news on inflation is good news not just for consumers in Carshalton and Wallington but for capital projects, such as the investment in St Helier Hospital and in building a second hospital in my constituency, protecting A&E and maternity services locally.
Given the good news on the economy, will the Prime Minister recommit today to working with the NHS in my area to build that second hospital and improve St Helier Hospital?
And does he agree that we can only underpin a strong NHS with a strong economy?
We are investing in better healthcare right across our country, and I am delighted to see that Epsom and St Helier University Hospitals NHS Trust was recently allocated over £6 million to upgrade A&E and will benefit from a new specialist emergency care hospital in Sutton as part of the programme.
As my hon.
Friend says, that is possible only because of the difficult decisions we have taken to bring inflation back to normal and grow the economy.
Today’s figures show that the plan is working, and I am sure the whole House, perhaps including the Leader of the Opposition, will welcome the news that inflation is now back to normal.
We now come to the Leader of the Opposition.
I will begin by saying a few words to  the hon.
Member for South Thanet (Craig Mackinlay) .
First, thank you for meeting me privately this morning with your wife and daughter, so I could personally convey my best wishes to all of you.
Secondly, on some occasions—there are not many—this House genuinely comes together as one, and we do so today to pay tribute to your courage and determination in not only coming through an awful ordeal, but being here with us today in this Chamber.
Thirdly, I want to acknowledge your deep sense of service.
I think politics is about service, and resuming your duties as an MP and being here today is an example to all of us of your deep sense of service, and we thank you for it.
I also welcome Figen Murray, who is up in the Gallery, who lost her son Martyn seven years ago today in the Manchester Arena attack.