Mortgage rates have come down, energy bills have come down, taxes are being cut and inflation is now back to normal.
That shows that when we stick to the plan, we can look forward to a brighter future, but he is right to point out the alternative: the Labour party imposing £2,000 of tax rises—that is what would put the country’s stability at risk.
England’s chief medical officer said that reducing sewage in rivers and seas is a “public health priority”, highlighting the problems that dumping untreated sewage causes.
Even the treated sewage that is continuously discharged into rivers and seas contains faecal matter.
Water firms are now asking for bills to go up by up to 91%, when they have paid out billions to shareholders and neglected pipework and infrastructure.
Can the Prime Minister tell me why his Government are allowing those companies to destroy our waterways and make obscene levels of profit, while making people ill?
The level of overflows we have seen is unacceptable, but we have gone further than any other Government, monitoring 100% of overflows—up from only 7% under Labour—investing record amounts in our water infrastructure, enshrining in law strict targets and introducing unlimited fines for water companies to hold them to account.
But when it came to this House the Labour party could not even vote for its own policy.
That is because there is only one party with a plan to protect the environment—the Conservative party.
Our NHS needs to be at the cutting edge of innovation and transformation, so I very much welcome the recent announcement on artificial intelligence in the delivery of radiotherapy.
Will my right hon.
Friend commit to going further and faster in the roll-out and realising the potential of AI and the latest, most innovative medtech across our NHS, benefiting not only patients, but clinicians?
I agree with my hon.
Friend that we need to ensure that our NHS is a world leader in medical innovation.
That is why yesterday we announced funding to roll out game-changing AI to radiotherapy departments in England.
The benefits are clear, because  that technology can locate cancer cells two and a half times quicker than doctors alone.
But we will not stop there.
We recognise the huge potential; that is why the productivity plan announced in the spring Budget will modernise the NHS and ensure that our patients get the care they deserve.
In recent days, the Trussell Trust has revealed that its network has handed out more than 3.1 million emergency food parcels in the past year.
That is the most it has ever distributed and nearly double the number of five years ago.
Absolute poverty among children in this country has risen by its highest rate in 30 years, and a quarter of all children live below the poverty line.
Two thirds of UK children in poverty live in families in which at least one parent works.
My Streatham constituency is one of the worst affected.
Does the Prime Minister have any plans to restore the child poverty unit, address the calls for universal free school meals, or report on any Government plans aimed at tackling child poverty at all?
Nobody wants to see any child grow up in poverty, and that is why I am pleased that the record of this and previous Governments has reduced not just the number of people living in poverty, but the number of children living in poverty, thanks to our measures to strengthen the economy.
When it comes to food support for vulnerable children, we have extended the holiday activity and food programme with £200 million of funding, and we are investing £30 million in our national school breakfast programme, which will now run until the end of the summer term.
The best ways to help people with the cost of living are to cut their taxes, keep unemployment low and get inflation down—things that this Government are doing.