Those who seek to divide us, undermine our values, and indeed intimidate and threaten others have no place in our society, and we will not hesitate to use not just the full force of the law but our immigration regime to make sure that we have security and cohesion in this country.
The population of Maldon is rising rapidly, and for over 20 years my constituents have been promised a new hospital, yet the Mid and South Essex integrated care board is proposing to close the existing St Peter’s Hospital without any replacement, leaving my constituents and those of my right hon.
Friend the Member for Witham (Priti Patel) having to travel up to 30 miles for some treatments.
Will the Prime Minister ask Ministers to tell the ICB to withdraw this proposal and to commission an independent assessment of how best to provide the quality local health services that my constituents, and those of my right hon.
Friend the Member for Witham, deserve?
I commend my right hon.
Friend for his commitment to his constituents.
I know that he and my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Witham (Priti Patel)  met both the Minister for Health and Secondary Care and the Minister for Social Care recently to discuss this issue.
I understand that the ICB has extended its consultation by three weeks to ensure that more consideration can be given and voices can be heard, but I will ensure that the relevant Minister keeps my right hon.
Friends updated on the progress of this.
My constituent has recently applied to move from her council home because she can no longer walk up the stairs and is in constant pain.
She has been waiting for an knee operation for more than two years and has become progressively worse.
She feels forgotten and neglected.
Does the Prime Minister agree that his Government are failing and that this country is waiting for a Labour Government to bring down NHS waiting lists?
Of course I am sorry to hear about the experience of the hon.
Lady’s constituent.
We are putting in more money and rolling out more elective surgical hubs to bring the waiting lists down.
She talks about the difference that the Labour party would make to the NHS.
Her constituents can just look to Wales to see what is happening when it comes the NHS: a quarter of the Welsh population on a waiting list, the worst emergency care performance in Great Britain, people on long waiting lists five times more than they are in  England and, on average, people waiting 40% longer for treatment.
That is the reality of Labour and the NHS—failing.
Forty years ago, Mrs Thatcher described high inflation as a
“destroyer…of industry, of jobs, of savings”.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that that sentiment is as true today as it was then?
What assessment does he make of today’s announcement for my Gedling constituents, who want to be able to save, get a good job and enjoy a reasonable standard and cost of living?
My hon.
Friend is right that today marks a major moment for the economy; not only have we halved inflation, but it has returned back to normal, thanks to the collective hard work, sacrifice and resilience of people up and down the country.
That is further proof that our plan is working.
Mortgage rates have come down, energy bills have come down, taxes are being cut and inflation is now back to normal.
That shows that when we stick to the plan, we can look forward to a brighter future, but he is right to point out the alternative: the Labour party imposing £2,000 of tax rises—that is what would put the country’s stability at risk.
England’s chief medical officer said that reducing sewage in rivers and seas is a “public health priority”, highlighting the problems that dumping untreated sewage causes.