The Government said very clearly that we would explore the issue of data access for researchers into online safety during the passage of the Online Safety Act 2023.
We are aware of the amendments tabled to the DPDI Bill, and I encourage my hon.
Friend to watch this space, as we will be reporting in due course.
What steps her Department is taking to help reduce the use of animal testing in research.
The day when we are able to eliminate animal testing cannot come quickly enough, though we are not there yet.
We are committed to supporting the strategy to replace, reduce and refine the use of animals in research, and since taking office I have doubled the investment in non-animal methods of research to £20 million this year.
The reduction and ultimate ending of the need to use animals for testing purposes is an important policy objective of my animal-loving constituents in Romford.
Does the Minister agree that animals are not laboratory tools but sentient creatures, and that the policy of replacement, reduction and refinement must be at the core of Government policy going forward?
I know that this is an issue close to my hon.
Friend’s heart.
He is a great animal lover, and I recall his past work as shadow Minister for animal welfare.
This summer we will publish a plan, together with colleagues in the Home Office, to accelerate the uptake of non-animal methods of research.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
This Government have a plan to ensure that technology works for our people, not against them.
Right now, the Secretary of State is in South Korea for the AI Seoul summit.
She is building on the progress we have made and on the UK’s leadership at Bletchley Park last year to tackle the risks of artificial intelligence.
Whether it is AI, quantum, life sciences or the next generation of advanced telecommunications, we are making the UK a science and tech superpower, backed by the highest ever level of spend on research and development.
Our plan is working, and our scientists and entrepreneurs cannot afford to go back to square one with Labour.
The UK Research and Innovation chief executive has announced that they are stepping down in June next year.
The recruitment process normally lasts eight months, yet the Government are speeding up that process.
Is that because they are worried about the outcome of a general election?
This Government are focusing on delivery every single day, and I make no apologies for cracking on with the process of making sure that our brilliant research institutions have the finest leadership that the best and brightest in the world deserve.
In recent years, Government policies led by the Minister for Data and Digital Infrastructure have resulted in a big improvement in broadband and mobile  connectivity on the Welsh borders, both in my constituency of Clwyd South and across the border in neighbouring North Shropshire, but there are still some poor areas of connectivity.
Could the Minister outline what further steps she is taking to ensure that all homes and businesses on both sides of the Welsh border see better broadband and mobile connectivity?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his brilliant work on connectivity in the border areas—[Applause.]
As you know, we do not allow clapping, but this is an exception.
Please allow me to say welcome back to my hon.
Friend  the Member for South Thanet (Craig Mackinlay) .
What an appropriate way for the new bionic MP to walk in: on science questions.
To answer the question about broadband, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Clwyd South (Simon Baynes)  has been a fantastic champion for connectivity on the border.
There will be contracts covering North Shropshire and parts of Wales as we get the Type C off the ground, so I hope for better connectivity very soon for his constituents.
I call shadow Minister Matt Rodda.