Thirdly, I want to acknowledge your deep sense of service.
I think politics is about service, and resuming your duties as an MP and being here today is an example to all of us of your deep sense of service, and we thank you for it.
I also welcome Figen Murray, who is up in the Gallery, who lost her son Martyn seven years ago today in the Manchester Arena attack.
We remember everybody  who was lost in that awful attack.
She is campaigning for Martyn’s law, which we must make a reality as soon as possible.
The infected blood scandal reflects a profound failure across almost every part of the British state.
In our apologies on Monday and on the question of compensation yesterday, this House was united; however, we have too many times heard similar sentiments from that Dispatch Box and this one.
There are many hard yards to go.
Does the Prime Minister agree that we will make real progress only if we finally tackle the lack of openness, transparency and candour that Sir Brian Langstaff identified as having prolonged the victims’ suffering for decades?
The inquiry was established to get to the truth and provide answers, and this week’s report represents a hugely significant moment for the community.
This was an appalling scandal.
I am sure the whole House is grateful for the diligent work of all those who have supported Sir Brian Langstaff and the work of the inquiry.
I also pay tribute to the bravery of every individual who has come forward and told their story in their fight for justice; their voices have finally been heard.
I agree with the right hon.
and learned Gentleman: we will listen to them and ensure that nothing like this can ever happen in our country again.
The infected blood scandal is truly shocking, but it is not unique.
The story is familiar: concerns raised but ignored; reports written but not acted on; victims and their families campaigning for years just to be heard.
If I may, I want to focus on the duty of candour—or lack of it—that has been a failing in scandal after scandal and injustice after injustice from Grenfell to Horizon, Hillsborough and now the infected blood scandal.
I have read that the Government have called for evidence on the duty of candour in health, but I cannot think of a single example where that duty of candour should not apply to all public servants across the board.
I do not think it is possible for any of us to stand at these Dispatch Boxes and honestly say “Never again” unless we address that.
Does the Prime Minister agree that the time has now come for the duty of candour to be clearly enshrined in law across the board?
I am, of course, aware of the recommendation made by Sir Brian Langstaff in the final report of the inquiry on the duties of candour and accountability.
Indeed, my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care previously introduced the duty of candour to the health service.
It is important that the Government take the time to fully digest the gravity of the report’s findings.
The wrongs that have been committed are devastating and life-altering for so many, and ensuring that nothing like this ever happens again is a priority.
We are sympathetic to that, and are going through the recommendations in detail at the moment before providing a comprehensive response.
Of course, given the situation and the gravity of the findings, it is a recommendation for which there is an enormous amount of sympathy.
I understand that the Prime Minister wants to look at the recommendations in detail and to come back to them in due course, but we cannot look  away on this duty of candour.
Can I ask the Prime Minister at least to expand the call for evidence on the duty of candour beyond health?