I think of her and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Banff and Buchan (David Duguid)  always when I have meetings with Building Digital UK.
Let me reassure her that we are making very good progress on type C. We have named a preferred supplier for that contract and we hope to have a lot more news on that soon, which will be of interest to people across the country, particularly those in her constituency.
Hull already has high superfast broadband, and although we welcome competition, we do not welcome broadband poles being put up all across the constituency.
What can the Minister do to force companies to share their infrastructure and stop the blight of ever-increasing numbers of poles appearing up and down our streets?
I have met the hon.
Lady about this issue, and I have made representations to KCOM and Connexin, the companies involved in her neck of the woods.
I believe that productive talks are under way between them, overseen by Ofcom.
We hope that a lot more progress will be made, and that network roll-outs will be paused when there seems to be overbuild.
In Wellingborough and Rushden, organisations such as Serve and the Teamwork Trust offer digital support for the excluded, but for low-income households, access to the internet through libraries and schools is a key tool for employment and betterment.
In rural towns such as mine, what is the Department doing to ensure that low-income households have access to digital services?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her interest.
She is right that it is important to ensure that every person in the country can be connected.
That is why we have encouraged social tariffs, which have been rolled  out by a large number of operators.
Constituents of hers who are on benefits will be able to access those.
They cost from £10 a month, bringing cheap connectivity to everybody.
I call the shadow Minister.
For rural businesses, internet connectivity is essential.
As we move into the summer, that will be the case for many tourism businesses.
Sales can be lost and repeat business not return if tills and card machines do not work because of unreliable 4G and the internet going down.
Very often, businesses suffer and do not see many sales.
The National Audit Office recently said that the Government’s shared rural network programme is, like everything else, behind schedule.
What message does the Minister have for businesses that will struggle to keep going this summer with no internet connection or poor broadband speeds?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question, but that is not a true representation of what the NAO said about the shared rural network.
We are making very good progress and hope soon to be able to share very good coverage maps showing the progress made.
On the roll-out of gigabit, he may be interested to know that the Welsh Government made representations to us about bringing it in-house, because we were making much better progress in England than they were in Wales.
I am very pleased to say that ever since we took it in-house, we have had amazing progress on gigabit roll-out in Wales.
What steps her Department is taking to help increase diversity and inclusion in the STEM workforce.
What steps her Department is taking to help increase diversity and inclusion in the STEM workforce.
The science and technology framework sets out our commitment to expanding STEM—science, technology, engineering and maths—opportunities to the most diverse range of people possible.
We have acted swiftly to identify and dismantle any barriers to entry.
As a result, we have seen major improvements in recent years, although there is always more to do.
Today is National Numeracy Day.
In my constituency, which is one of the poorest, all seven wards fall into the lowest numeracy ranking in the UK.