Amanda claimed carer’s allowance when caring for her mother, but the Department for Work and Pensions is now hounding her to pay back £1,200.
Karina, whose daughter requires round-the-clock care, has been hit by a bill for £11,000.
Victoria is being forced to pay back £100 a month.
They are just some of the tens of thousands of carers who are victims of the DWP’s flawed system, punished harshly for going sometimes just a few pounds over the arbitrary earnings limit.
Family carers do a remarkable job.
They should not be penalised for working, or for the DWP’s own failures.
Does the Prime Minister agree that the Government should be supporting carers, not persecuting them?
The Government recognise the contribution and sacrifices that carers up and down the country so often make to care for others.
That is why we have increased carer’s allowance by almost £1,500 since 2010.
It is why we introduced carer’s leave, and it is why the better care fund funds respite care breaks for carers, which I know have been warmly welcomed and used.
In the rare number of cases where individuals have not appropriately informed the DWP about a change in their circumstances, the DWP has then rightly sought to recover overpayments, as it would be expected to in order to ensure the integrity of the system and protect the taxpayer, but of course it will work with anyone who is struggling with their repayment terms, and will always look to negotiate an affordable repayment plan.
I, too, welcome back my hon.
Friend the Member for South Thanet (Craig Mackinlay).
The £8 billion made available by the Government for the repair of roads and potholes is very welcome; however, some local authorities, such as Cambridgeshire County Council and Peterborough City Council, which serve my constituency, sometimes use inferior material, so the works need to be done again in a few months’ time.
That is an issue that applies to many constituencies across the country, so will the Prime Minister use his influence to ensure that there are tough quality specifications, so that the repairs can last much longer?
I am proud that we have announced an additional £8 billion for roads resurfacing over the next decade—money made available through the reallocation of HS2 funding.
That will mean fewer potholes and smoother, safer roads across our country, but I agree with my right hon.
Friend that it is of the utmost importance that these repairs are completed with high-quality materials.
I join him in calling on Cambridgeshire County Council and Peterborough City Council to make sure that they deliver that for his residents.
In the wee small hours of Saturday morning, I received an email—I apologise for the language, Mr Speaker—calling me a “fucking parasite”, a “rat”, and a “piece of shit”.
This came in response to my challenging the appropriateness of a US citizen, Michael Franzese, doing a tour in the UK, as part of which he is advocating publicly for the self-proclaimed misogynist influencers Andrew and Tristan Tate, who are encouraging toxic attitudes among young men in this country.
The Prime Minister has spoken about banning hate preachers from entering the UK.
Will he extend that to misogynists?
Those who seek to divide us, undermine our values, and indeed intimidate and threaten others have no place in our society, and we will not hesitate to use not just the full force of the law but our immigration regime to make sure that we have security and cohesion in this country.
The population of Maldon is rising rapidly, and for over 20 years my constituents have been promised a new hospital, yet the Mid and South Essex integrated care board is proposing to close the existing St Peter’s Hospital without any replacement, leaving my constituents and those of my right hon.
Friend the Member for Witham (Priti Patel) having to travel up to 30 miles for some treatments.