Of course, given the situation and the gravity of the findings, it is a recommendation for which there is an enormous amount of sympathy.
I understand that the Prime Minister wants to look at the recommendations in detail and to come back to them in due course, but we cannot look  away on this duty of candour.
Can I ask the Prime Minister at least to expand the call for evidence on the duty of candour beyond health?
We owe it to the victims of Hillsborough and Horizon to work across the House to establish a far-reaching and binding duty of candour as quickly as possible.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman will remember that on Monday I said very specifically that the patterns of behaviour we have seen in this appalling tragedy have been replicated in others, and I mentioned Hillsborough specifically, so I am very aware that there are structural and behavioural cultural problems that we need to fix.
There is an enormous amount of support and sympathy for the principle of the duty of candour.
He will understand that we are digesting the full contents of the report, but of course we want to right the wrongs of the past and, crucially, ensure that nothing like this happens ever again.
In his report, Sir Brian identified a number of individual failures, even cover-ups, but alongside that he also found equally important and harder to reach institutional and cultural failings, including in the NHS: a defensive attitude that refused to acknowledge problems, the silencing of those who raised concerns and a total failure of leadership when faced with the truth.
The NHS does a remarkable job every day, but those failings are indefensible.
Does the Prime Minister agree that the very culture of the NHS needs to change?
Yes, Mr Speaker.
I discussed this issue on Monday in my response to the question asked by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Bromsgrove (Sir Sajid Javid) .
The NHS provides lifesaving care to so many people every single day, for which we are enormously grateful, but the report makes it crystal clear that there were significant failings.
The NHS failed: it failed people and it let them down.
It is right that the NHS is held accountable for that and learns the lessons.
There clearly have been improvements and changes in medical practice since that time, but going forward we need to go through the full recommendations of Sir Brian Langstaff’s report and hold the NHS to account for bringing through the changes that are necessary.
We need reform.
We need change.
I saw at first hand how important reform is during my time running the Crown Prosecution Service, but I also saw how hard it is, particularly on cultural issues.
It requires brave and difficult decisions.
Eleven years ago, as Health Secretary, the now Chancellor said:
“The era of gagging NHS staff from raising their real worries about patient care must come to an end.”
Eleven years on from that and 10 months on from the Lucy Letby case, there are still clear examples of NHS managers still gagging staff and then being moved on, instead of being moved out.
Will the Prime Minister now commit to ensuring that those who gag and silence whistleblowers will no longer be able to work in the NHS?
Of course the behaviour that the right hon.
and learned Gentleman describes is wrong and, I believe, already illegal under our laws, but we will ensure people have the ability to raise concerns.
One thing that I know has given many of those who have been impacted by the scandal some reassurance is the  appointment of Sir Robert Francis to be chair of the inquiry.