He mentioned the trans-Pennine rail upgrade delivering faster journeys, but there are also levelling-up projects such as Huddersfield open market and the new teaching block at Greenhead College.
They show that it is the Conservatives who are delivering on the priorities of his local community.
The International Criminal Court’s chief prosecutor is seeking arrest warrants for Israeli and Hamas leaders for war crimes and crimes against humanity.
This House does not aid and abet Hamas, but it does aid and abet Israel through the sale of arms, such as components for Israeli F-35s—known as the most lethal fighter jet on earth—which are raining down hell on Gaza.
Will the Prime Minister uphold international law, drop the nonsense about the most robust licensing system in the world and end arms sales to Israel?
If the ICC issues arrest warrants, will he comply by ensuring that those individuals are arrested if they enter the UK?
It is always nice to see the changed Labour party in action.
When it comes to the ICC, this is a deeply unhelpful development, which of course is still subject to a final decision.
There is no moral equivalence between a democratically elected Government exercising their lawful right to self-defence and the actions of a terrorist group, and the actions of the ICC do absolutely nothing to get a pause in the fighting, or to get the hostages out or aid in.
I call Craig Mackinlay.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
This is an emotional day for me, and if you will indulge me, I will say a few thanks, because a few are due.
Apologies are due, actually, as I have caused the  breaking of so many rules today: there has been clapping; I have got trainers on because my shoes would not go over the plastic feet; and my jacket would not go over the bionic arm.
First, I thank you, Mr Speaker, for being there for me and for coming to visit.
I will tell everybody this little story: the rest of the hospital thought I must be dreadfully ill, because they said, “That guy’s got the funeral director in already.” [
Laughter.]
But you have been, and you have cared for me throughout, and I thank you for that.
The other person in this Chamber I would like to thank is the Prime Minister, who has been with me throughout.
He has not advertised it, but he has been to see me multiple times.
To me, that shows the true depth of the character of the Prime Minister, and I thank him for that.
I thank my wife, who is in the Chamber, my daughter and other family members—my father and my father-in-law.
I thank my wife for being there every single day of those many months in hospital.
She could only do that because of the support of family behind her.
In the Public Gallery—they cannot quite see me, unfortunately—are many of the staff from the NHS. [
Applause.]
They took me from where I was, close to death, to where I am today, so I thank them for that.
I am not entirely sure I am that happy that the two surgeons who took this lot off are there, but never mind.
There is a question here.
Prime Minister, can we please ensure that we embed recognition of early signs of sepsis?
It would not have worked for me—mine was  too quick and too sudden—but many people do get a few days.
If we can stop somebody from ending up like this, I would say that that is a job well done.
I would also like to impress upon Health Ministers the importance of allowing the provision of appropriate prosthetics, particularly for multi-limb amputees, at the right time.
Thank you, Mr Speaker; thank you, Prime Minister. [
Applause.]
It is so wonderful to hear from my hon.
Friend.