Countless people facing the threat of eviction and repossession have recently contacted me for help.
With the cost of living crisis and rising interest rates, it is crucial that people can access legal help with their housing issues.
What is the Minister doing to ensure that housing legal aid is available to those who cannot afford legal help?
We are investing an initial £10 million to make sure that legal aid is available for exactly those problems.
Under the Homelessness Reduction Act 2017, there is a solemn duty on prison governors to prepare ex-offenders for life outside prison.
Seven years on from the introduction of that duty, they are still not doing what they are required to do.
We want reoffending ended, and if people are prepared properly for when they leave prison, we increase the chances of preventing reoffending.
What action is my right hon.
and learned Friend taking  on this?
My hon.
Friend has done spectacular work on this issue.
His Majesty’s Prison and Probation Service published a policy framework setting out the steps prisons and probation services must take to meet their duty to refer those at risk of homelessness.
I was reading it this morning, and it contains template referral forms—and many other aids—that are to be filled out at prescribed points in the prisoner journey.
Governors are now held to account, as my hon.
Friend rightly indicates, for their record on preparing prisoners for life post release, which is why I am able to say that in 2022-23, some 86% of prisoners were accommodated on the first night of release.
That is up from 80% in 2019.
I know that question was on the Order Paper to be taken before topicals, but if the Justice Secretary could shorten his answers to make sure everyone has time in topicals, that would help me and others.
Last week, I visited IDAS—Independent Domestic Abuse Services—which is an outstanding organisation supporting survivors of domestic and sexual violence.
They highlighted that parents’ fear of having their children removed is preventing victims from presenting a case in full, and is preventing justice.
How will the Minister ensure that power imbalances in the family courts are addressed?
I am grateful for the hon.
Lady’s question.
She will know how much we are doing on victim support, particularly in terms of sexual and domestic abuse.
I would like to speak to her about this issue, and about  parental responsibility in the family courts, so I think we should have a meeting.
I ask her to write to my office after questions to arrange it.
Last week, Colin Pitchfork, the double child rapist and murderer, successfully applied for a reconsideration of the Parole Board’s decision not to release him, on the grounds that the decision was irrational.
I have issued a survey across my South Leicestershire constituency on Parole Board reform.
Will the Secretary of State meet me urgently to discuss the Parole Board rules, as amended in 2019?
I certainly will meet my hon.
Friend.
He has been assiduous for many years in raising this matter on behalf of his constituents.
The Parole Board does an exceptionally good job.
There are two cases in which decisions appear to have been overturned because they were irrational, and that is why I am meeting the Parole Board tomorrow.
The Justice Secretary mentioned the duty of candour that he imposed on the police.
Has he considered legislating to introduce the same for all public bodies?
I can say that we want to extend that duty to healthcare settings, because we do not want health professionals closing ranks when something goes wrong.
It is important to say that since Hillsborough there have been so many changes, including through the Inquiries Act 2005, which mean that there can be criminal liability for those who do not do what the hon.
Gentleman and I must think is a matter of common sense, which is to tell the truth.