However, she is absolutely right to highlight this issue.
I welcome the Minister’s acknow-ledgement that more education in prisons means cutting the reoffending rate and that clear link to crime.
I welcome the national regime model and will be interested to see how it plays out, because I have seen chronic staff shortages and sickness absence, in particular at prisons such as HMP Wandsworth, which I have visited.
Those things mean that prisoners are entirely missing out on any education, training and working opportunities.
When will I be able to go back to HMP Wandsworth and see the increase in staff and retention that is needed there?
When will the Government get a grip on the prison officer recruitment and retention crisis?
Again, I have a lot of respect for the hon.
Lady, but I am afraid that what she is suggesting does not entirely reflect the facts.
If we compare the figures for 2023 and 2022 for band 3 to 5 prison officers, we see that there are over 1,400 more now, which is an increase of 6.7%.
In HMPPS, sick rates are down in the past year, when just over 12,500 people joined and 7,500 left—again, that reflects an increase.
We are investing in our prison officers and increasing their number, and that is being reflected in retention.
I pay tribute to them for the work they do; we should be talking them up, not down.
I am encouraged by my right hon.
Friend’s comments about the number of additional prison officers recruited.
I have seen many of them and the fantastic work they do, both at  HMP Aylesbury and across the prison estate.
Will he say a little more about how we can ensure that we retain them once they have been trained and they go on to the wings?
This is an incredibly important career—it is key to reducing reoffending—and prison officers deserve credit and the support of everybody in this House.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for that.
He is absolutely right about the importance of not just recruiting new prison officers, but retaining experienced ones in our prisons.
That is why the pay deal done last year with HMPPS staff was hugely important, in recognising the important work that prison officers do day in, day out.
It is also reflected in the fact that the leaving rate for prison officers is down in 2023 from where it was in 2022.
However, there is more to do and we will continue to do it.
I call the shadow Justice Secretary.
Prisoners are spending up to 23 hours a day locked up in their cells as a direct result of overcrowding and the prisons capacity crisis caused by this Government.
However, I hear congratulations are in order following an announcement last month, not on the Government actually delivering any of the new prisons they have promised or on even getting spades in the ground, but on their submitting yet another planning application for the Leicestershire prison that the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities has already ruled on once.
Is not about time that the Minister renamed the new prisons programme the no prisons programme?
For a moment I thought the shadow Justice Secretary was referring to her own party’s record when in government—7,500 prison places in three Titan prisons that failed to be built, whereas we are committed to building six new modern prisons.
Two have been built, one is being built at the moment and two have planning permission.
While prisoners are serving their sentence, they are not being allowed to leave their cell, but ironically the Government are also releasing some of them early.
Despite a multitude of letters, questions and even a point-blank request from the Justice Committee, the Government are refusing to tell us how many prisoners are being released early and from where.