The security of the UK border is a top priority for me, the Home Secretary and the Home Office.
Everything we do in this area is designed to reduce risks to this country and its citizens.
Border Force performs checks on 100% of scheduled passengers arriving in the UK and risk-based intelligence-led checks on general aviation.
It is deeply disturbing that information that has no basis in fact was leaked by the independent chief inspector to a national newspaper before the Home Office had the chance to respond.
We are urgently investigating this breach of confidential information in full in the normal way.
Moving to yesterday’s changes to the immigration rules, since the launch of our Ukraine schemes the UK has offered or extended sanctuary to more than 280,000 Ukrainians, thanks to the immense generosity of the British public.
I know that colleagues across the House are grateful for all the work that has been going on in communities to facilitate that support.
Almost two years on from the start of the conflict, the UK Government’s commitment to the Ukrainian cause remains undimmed.
It is right that we continue to adapt and develop our visa routes to ensure that they keep pace with the rapidly shifting situation in Ukraine.
We must ensure that they remain as efficient and sustainable as possible, while providing stability for those we have welcomed to the UK and those who still need our sanctuary.
Ukrainian nationals who may have previously been eligible to apply to come to the UK under the Ukraine family scheme will remain eligible to apply for the Homes for Ukraine sponsorship scheme.
Separately, the Government remain wholeheartedly committed to reducing levels of legal migration.
Measures to curb immigration abuse and further reduce net migration are being implemented, ranging from salary increases for work and family visas to reforming the shortage occupation list, removing the right for overseas care workers to bring dependants, and requiring care providers to be registered with the Care Quality Commission before hiring overseas carers.
The rule changes outlined yesterday, which relate to the care sector, pave the way for those measures to take effect.
It has been reported today that hundreds of high-risk private flights have landed in the UK without proper border security checks having been done.
If the Minister disputes the figures, will he tell us the true ones now?
Were all the high-risk private flights checked or not?
Ministers have been warned repeatedly about border security risks on private flights.
The Prime Minister may think it is just all his own mates, but there are risks from organised crime, money laundering, drugs and weapons smuggling, trafficking, and even terrorism.
There has been a 75% drop in class A drugs border  seizures.
There has been a 39% drop in firearms seizures.
Criminal gangs are still organising dangerous boat crossings.
There have also been repeated failures in security checks at Western Jet Foil; a 30% drop in foreign national offender removals; a 50% drop in failed asylum seeker removals; and new revelations of visa failures in the Home Office, which issued 275 visas to a care home that did not even exist.
Instead of getting a grip, what is the Minister’s response?
It is just to sack the border inspector and sit on his reports, as well as changing the rules to stop Ukrainian family members from coming here.
What message of solidarity does that send to a country we are supposed to be supporting in the face of Russian aggression?
Will the Minister now publish all the outstanding inspector’s reports?
Is it true that no inspector will be in place for the next six months?
Will he tell us the key border security facts?
Have all high-risk private flights been met and checked in the last year?
Home Office Ministers promised me in this Chamber that that would happen 13 years ago.