Rape and serious sexual assault cases have increased to 10.3% of all Crown court cases and, with nearly 10,000 of them, they make up one in seven of the backlog.
The average wait time for a trial after charge has risen to 18 months.
We also know from the Criminal Bar Association that there has been a tenfold increase in adjourned cases due to the fall in the number of rape and serious sexual offence prosecution or defence barristers, with the Crown Prosecution Service now employing King’s counsel to fill the gap.
Add to that the many legal aid deserts due to the shortage of solicitors and we have a major staffing crisis across the criminal justice system.
How is that going to be fixed?
First, the figure that the hon.
Gentleman quoted for the average time for a RASSO case is simply not true.
The Government have continued to invest in ensuring that RASSO cases are brought forward.
Listing is a matter for the judiciary, and they take great care to  ensure that vulnerable victims are dealt with expeditiously.
In addition, we continue to invest in the legal aid system.
The Lord Chancellor recently increased the fees to ensure that there are people able to perform RASSO cases and section 28 video recording.
On top of that, we continue to engage with the criminal legal aid review to see how we can continue to invest in and incentivise criminal defence barristers in the right parts of the system.
What steps his Department is taking through the criminal justice system to support victims of crime.
Since 2010, we have ramped up support for victims in three main ways.
First, we have driven down reoffending from around 31% to 25%, so that fewer people suffer the misery of becoming a victim of crime in the first place.
Secondly, we have created new offences such as stalking, coercive and controlling behaviour, revenge pornography, upskirting and non-fatal strangulation, so that those who betray trust and shatter lives can be held to account.
Thirdly, we have quadrupled victim funding, enabling massive investment in resources such as independent domestic violence advisers, which are up from barely existing in 2010 to more than 900 today, and we will go further with the groundbreaking Victims and Prisoners Bill as well.
I thank my right hon.
and learned Friend for all the sterling work that he has just outlined, which is making such a huge difference to victims everywhere.
I wish to talk about a case that was raised with me at an advice surgery.
After seeing an advert on the tube, my constituent—a man of very good standing—invested in what turned out to be a fraudulent company to the tune of £93,000.
He was clearly a victim of crime and, mercifully, his bank reimbursed his life savings after some challenge.
He did get financial restitution, but the whole experience had wider, devastating impacts.
Those behind the company were registered in Serbia and, to the best of our knowledge, have never been brought to justice.
As my constituent did not go through the full criminal justice system, may I ask how victims such as he can be supported in cases like this?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising her constituent’s case.
Fraud is a pernicious, cruel crime and it can have an appalling impact, as I know from my own experience of prosecuting for the Serious Fraud Office.
To support victims in recovering lost funds, the Financial Services and Markets Act 2023 gives the Payment Systems Regulator further power to mandate reimbursement where needed, and I am glad that that took place in this case.
But to bring wrongdoers to justice, prosecutors, including the CPS, the Financial Conduct Authority and the SFO, regularly co-operate with their international counterparts to make arrests and secure evidence overseas so that, in appropriate cases, defendants can be extradited to face trial in the UK.