Further to that point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
This is not something that has happened in the last while; as we have just heard from my hon.
Friend  the Member for East Londonderry (Mr Campbell) , it has been going on for a number of years.
Representations have been made to the Government and to the Minister responsible on numerous occasions, so it is disappointing that my hon.
Friend has had to bring the matter up yet again today.
Is it not time for the Minister to come to the House, make a statement and get this matter sorted out?
I do not think there is much that I can add to what I said earlier, but I am confident that those on the Treasury Bench and the Whips have heard what both hon.
Gentlemen had to say, and I am sure that they will be reporting back.
I urge the hon.
Gentlemen to take the matter up on Thursday, when the Leader of the House will be here.
Motion for leave to bring in a Bill ( Standing Order No.
23 )
I beg to move,
That leave be given to bring in a Bill to expand the list of sporting events that must be made available for broadcast by free-to-air television channels to include all qualifying matches played by the Scotland men’s and women’s national football teams in the World Cup and the UEFA European Football Championship; and for connected purposes.
Like many people throughout the United Kingdom, I look forward to watching the European football finals in June.
Not just Scotland but England, and hopefully Wales too, will be there if they win their qualifier.
I was fortunate enough to attend the Scotland games when the competition was held in England in 1996, as well as going to France for the World Cup in 1998.
Scotland are my team.
They represent our nation, and Steve Clarke and his lads have done us proud.
We can dream of winning the competition, but in reality I shall be happy with our qualifying from the group.
We have faltered and failed to do that before—sometimes through bad luck, although at other times it has been self-inflicted—but in Andy Robertson, John McGinn, Scott McTominay and others we have a squad who are skilled and determined as well as a canny manager.
The Tartan Army who are going to Germany will enjoy the spectacle, while others, including me, will simply watch the games on television.
That, after all, is how most people watch their national team.
Going to the game is either too difficult or too expensive, or else there is simply insufficient capacity for all to attend, so it is at home, on their TV screens, that most people follow their team.
For quite some time, however, that has not been the case for Scotland fans in the qualifying matches for this tournament or the qualifying matches for international competitions, which is why this Bill is necessary.
Like the World cup finals, the Euro finals are available on free-to-view channels—that is specified by law—but Scotland qualifying matches are not protected.
They have been available only through Viaplay, a Swedish media company, and at a cost of £180 per annum.
In these tough financial times, that is a cost that many cannot afford, no matter how much they would like to watch the games.
It is a poll tax on Scots watching their national team.
The qualifying games—a number of which were enthralling, with wins at home against Spain and away against Norway, were not available to view for many people other than those fortunate enough to be able to go to the match itself or able to pay for Viaplay.
That is as unfair and unjust as a refereeing error or VAR review which punishes your team.
It has meant that Scots fans have missed out on the well-earned success of their team.