The hon.
Lady refers to accommodation, and she is right to do so.
What she did not advert to is this Government’s decision to provide 12 weeks’ guaranteed accommodation, which did not happen under a Labour Government.
When I went to Luton and Dunstable, I spoke to a probation officer who has done the job for 30 years, and do you know what he said?
It is the single most effective measure to drive down reoffending.
Who did that?
Not the Labour party, but us.
What steps he is taking to increase sentences for dangerous offenders.
Measures in the Sentencing Bill will ensure that those who commit the worst crimes will receive the most severe punishment.
The Bill creates a duty for the court to impose a whole life order for murders currently subject to a whole life order starting point and for those that involve sexual or sadistic conduct, unless there are exceptional circumstances.
The Bill will also ensure that convicted rapists must serve 100% of their custodial term in prison, followed by a licence period.
I thank the Minister for his answer and welcome those measures.
The two worst cases I have had to deal with as an MP was where women were brutally murdered by a partner or ex-partner.
What are the Government going to do in response to the Clare Wade review to increase sentences for people who commit those awful, vile offences?
My hon.
Friend is quite right to raise the issue of domestic homicide.
We are determined to act to protect the victims of domestic abuse and ensure that the appropriate punishments are in place for perpetrators.
That is why, following Clare Wade KC’s review, we are increasing sentences by introducing statutory aggravating factors for murders that are preceded by controlling or coercive behaviour, involve overkill, or are connected with the end of a relationship.
Does the Minister agree that wider society’s confidence in the judicial system is often determined by how dangerous offenders are treated?
Does he agree that it is vital that we get the message out there, both to wider society and to potential offenders, that there is the ultimate price to pay, which is a long sentence in prison for criminal offences such as these?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
I agree with those sentiments entirely.
With reference to his oral statement of 6 December 2023 on Hillsborough: Bishop James Jones Report, , column 341, if he will bring forward legislative proposals to introduce a legal duty of candour on public bodies.
In his excellent report, “The patronising disposition of unaccountable power”, Bishop James Jones called for the creation of the Hillsborough charter for bereaved families, as well as for the imposition of a duty of candour on police officers.
We agree wholeheartedly, which is why the Government have signed the charter alongside the Crown Prosecution Service, the National Police Chiefs’ Council and others, and imposed a  duty of candour on the police.
We are also legislating  to create a strong, permanent and independent public advocate to speak up for victims and their families, and to rigorously hold signatories to the charter to account.
We stand ready to discuss what further steps may be necessary.
The parents of Zane Gbangbola are in the Public Gallery today.
Zane was just seven when he died, following floods 10 years ago this month.
The fire brigade detected hydrogen cyanide multiple times.
His parents, Kye and Nicole, have been fighting for the truth about their son’s death ever since, and a duty of candour would have helped them to get it.
In lieu of that, will the Government establish an independent panel inquiry with full disclosure, so that all the evidence can be reviewed by experts, we can finally get the truth about what happened to an innocent seven-year-old boy, and justice can be done?
I am grateful to the hon.