I want it to be as easy as possible.
All parliamentarians in this House should be providing reassurance today that the Ukrainian people in our country accessing sanctuary will continue to be able to do so.
I would argue that that is the responsibility of all of us as leaders in our country.
A lot of people in this country, including my constituents, will be amazed that in the week of Navalny’s murder by Putin and the tough times that the Ukrainians are  facing against Russian reinforcements, the Government have announced restrictions on Ukrainian families coming here.
I have campaigned for a long time, because so many wealthy Russian plutocrats have been flying into this country on small private aircraft and helicopters for a long time.
I have asked questions about that.
Perhaps we should ask Boris Johnson’s friend in the other place, Lord Lebedev of Hampton and Siberia, what he knows about it.
The fact is that we are providing the certainty that Members across the House have been seeking for the future of the Ukraine scheme.
I do not think the hon.
Gentleman was in the debate we had prior to the February recess.
I would argue that the House spoke with one voice, saying that we need to afford sanctuary for longer, recognising that the war remains ongoing but that the Ukrainian people continue to have our firm backing in their fight against Russian aggression.
That is precisely what we have done through this announcement.
I reject his characterisation of the situation.
The message needs to go out that Ukrainians who are here will continue to be able to have that sanctuary in the years ahead.
Families in all our constituencies, including East Renfrewshire, rely on the skills and compassion of those who work in the care sector.
The chief executive of Scottish Care, Donald Macaskill, yesterday described the Government’s plan to ban overseas care workers from bringing dependants as “shameful and damaging”, saying:
“Treating international colleagues in this manner is contemptible.”
He is right, isn’t he?
There will continue to be an opportunity for international recruitment for care purposes, but we cannot have a situation where 120,000 dependants come with 100,000 visa holders.
That is not justifiable.
That is not acceptable.
That is why we are taking the approach we are taking.
There will in future need to be a blend of approach to recruitment.
I also happen to think it is right that we should strain every sinew to support people in this country to take on these roles with the proper skills, and that is precisely what the back to work plan does.
Closing the Ukrainian families scheme almost two years to the day since Putin’s illegal war began is particularly cruel.
The Government speak of a rationalisation of the schemes, but what we really need are further measures to support family reunification.
Given the changes, what reassurance can the Government give to those on these schemes that they will be able to bring family members to the UK?
We always keep under review the offer we have as part of the Ukraine scheme and that will continue to be the case, but I reiterate the point that what we have done through this package of changes in its entirety is to sustain an out-of-country route to enable Ukrainians to come to the UK to seek sanctuary, while giving certainty ahead of many other countries, including European Union countries with which the hon.
Lady has an affinity.
We have got ahead of the curve and provided certainty around sanctuary in a way that I think people in this country want to see.
The changes the Government keep making to the Ukrainian scheme have unfortunately resulted in far too many Ukrainians becoming homeless.
When will the Minister finally, as pledged by his predecessor, meet Glasgow Members of Parliament to discuss how Home Office policies are making refugees homeless in the city of Glasgow?