My hon.
Friend speaks with real passion and I know that people in Ipswich feel very strongly about this issue.
That is why, as a Government, we have a credible plan to bring the numbers down.
We believe the inflows will be reduced by 300,000, taking into account the changes we are delivering, relative to the year prior.
On his request on what we can do to report around that and provide information about the progress we are making, that is something I am considering.
So, when does the Minister expect the next independent chief inspector of borders and immigration to take up the post?
We will follow the proper process to make an appointment.
It is obviously right that we helped those in Ukraine who urgently needed our help, but most people in Stoke-on-Trent  and wider north Staffordshire think that the net migration figures have been unacceptably high, and that that has put significant pressure on our local services.
Does my hon.
Friend the Minister agree with me that it is right that those who come here and use services but have not contributed to their cost should face higher visa and nationality fees?
My hon.
Friend is right to touch on the general feeling in Stoke-on-Trent about the net migration situation.
That is why we are taking action.
The Government feel that the borders and migration system costs we charge people to access those services should reflect the costs we incur.
It should not fall to the UK taxpayer to pick up those costs; it should be the individuals who avail themselves of those services who cover their costs.
We continue to work towards that in greater detail.
Aviation has been consistently flagged as a danger to national security.
Does the Minister agree that the failure to check those arriving in the UK that way is putting the United Kingdom at risk?
I refer the hon.
Lady to what I said in relation to the shadow Home Secretary’s earlier contribution and the questions she asked on that issue.
We treat that subject with utmost seriousness.
We will, of course, respond to the ICIBI report in a proper and thorough way, having considered the points it raises and ensuring that proper fact-checking is carried out for the reasons I have touched on.
If the purpose of yesterday’s announcement was to provide some reassurance to Ukrainian citizens who have sought refuge in the UK, why are the Government forcing them to go through yet another application?
Every Member of this House will have experienced the problems supporting the initial applications: there will be delays; different family members will get confirmation at different times; and children will be dropped off by mistake, causing great distress.
My question to the Minister is this.
Should UKVI not be focusing on its existing backlog, rather than adding unnecessary processes to its workload and distressing Ukrainian families who are now our constituents and living in the United Kingdom?
I disagree with the hon.
and learned Lady.
We think this is an appropriate approach to extending the visas.
It is right and proper that there is a proper process around that, and there are obviously reasons why visas are handled in this particular way.
Safeguarding concerns come into all these matters, including extensions, and that is why we will take the approach we take.
I want it to be as light-touch as possible.
I want it to be as easy as possible.
All parliamentarians in this House should be providing reassurance today that the Ukrainian people in our country accessing sanctuary will continue to be able to do so.
I would argue that that is the responsibility of all of us as leaders in our country.