Fraud is a pernicious, cruel crime and it can have an appalling impact, as I know from my own experience of prosecuting for the Serious Fraud Office.
To support victims in recovering lost funds, the Financial Services and Markets Act 2023 gives the Payment Systems Regulator further power to mandate reimbursement where needed, and I am glad that that took place in this case.
But to bring wrongdoers to justice, prosecutors, including the CPS, the Financial Conduct Authority and the SFO, regularly co-operate with their international counterparts to make arrests and secure evidence overseas so that, in appropriate cases, defendants can be extradited to face trial in the UK.
The other critical point is that the victims code has been expanded, so that people such as her constituent can get the support they need.
I would invite him, perhaps through the hon.
Lady’s good offices, to look at the support that is available online.
Is the Secretary of State aware of a new crime that is spreading throughout the north of England, including in your constituency, Mr Speaker, and in mine?
A group is preying on people who have cavity wall insulation.
Those people get themselves into the legal process and find the expenses are so high that they have to sell their home.
It is an epidemic.
It is also rather like the Post Office scandal.
This is an early warning of a major scandal.
Will the Secretary of State agree to look into this matter as it is very important, especially in the north of England?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising that matter on the Floor of the House.
He will understand—I know that he well appreciates this—that it is not for the Secretary of State to be ordering investigations, but, plainly, the matters he raised are serious.
I invite the police and prosecutors to take all appropriate steps to investigate it if that is what is required.
If he will make an estimate of the cost to the public purse of judicial processes under joint enterprise relating to violent crimes in each year since 2014.
Although the Ministry of Justice collates statistics nationally on the principal criminal offence for which a perpetrator is prosecuted, convicted or sentenced, including data on their ethnicity, it does not collate data on whether the crime that they committed was part of joint enterprise, so unfortunately I am unable to provide the information that the hon.
Lady requests.
However, we are considering whether such data could be collected as part of the common platform programme, which aims to provide a single case management system that would enable the sharing of such evidence and case information across the criminal justice system.
I welcome that response, but the Minister will know that Manchester Metropolitan University has recently carried out some research into the cost of prosecuting under joint enterprise.
Some £250 million is spent processing joint enterprises cases, and an extra £1.2 billion is spent incarcerating the just over 1,000 people who are convicted.
Those are eye-watering amounts of money, so does the Minister agree that we need to review the doctrine of joint enterprise to ensure that only those who are responsible for significant contribution to a crime are punished for it?
There is a cost to justice.
People who are found guilty of crime based on the evidence presented to a court of law have been sentenced, and there is a cost to their incarceration.
Simply put, the cost of incarcerating people is not a reason to review the law.
If he will make an assessment of the potential merits of devolving responsibility for justice to the Welsh Government.
The Government are clear that it is in the best interests of the people of Wales for justice to remain a reserved matter.
The current arrangement works well and allows Wales to benefit from being part of a larger, world-renowned justice system.