I am quite happy to defend that small, reasonable fee as necessary to help defray the costs of our system.
What percentage of the backlog in Crown court cases is due to foreign national offenders, and what has been done to reduce that?
Data on foreign national offenders is collected at the point when an individual becomes an offender—in other words, at the point of conviction—but in addition, the Ministry of Justice records the numbers  in custody awaiting trial who are FNOs, and that stands at approximately 3,300.
On driving the figures down, the Home Office is working to increase take-up of conditional cautions, which lead to FNOs being expelled from the UK, in place of prosecution, in appropriate cases.
The Vagrancy Act 1824 is 200 years old this year.
Yes, it was supposedly repealed in 2022, but it remains in force.
The Criminal Justice Bill, unamended, represents a genuine danger to rough sleepers everywhere.
When will Conservative Members stop this madness, and when will we see that 200-year-old piece of legislation taken off the books?
I think the hon.
Lady for her question.
The Criminal Justice Bill deals with repeal provisions for the Vagrancy Act, and we are bringing the Bill back on Report with more on rough sleeping.
I welcome the fact that 20 Nightingale courtrooms have been set up around the country to boost capacity, but none of them appears to be in the east of England.
I know we are all well behaved in the east, but have we been forgotten?
I can reassure my hon.
Friend that we would not dream of forgetting about him.
We have seen an increase, particularly on special educational needs and disabilities, of over 300% in receipts, and with the increased number of judges and panel members, we are seeing a 37% increase in disposals this year.
We are trying to address the issue of SEND with the Department for Education, and if my hon.
Friend thinks there is a problem in this area, I am more than happy to meet him to discuss it.
I have heard the Minister defend the reintroduction of employment tribunal fees, but the last time the Government brought them in, there was a 70% drop in applications.
How many people will be denied access to justice this time?
The hon.
Gentleman is comparing apples with oranges.
The two fees are completely different, in terms of quantum.
A £55 claim issue fee is a small contribution towards the tribunals, which cost us £80 million a year to run.
I do not think that that is unreasonable.
This week, we celebrate the fifth anniversary of my Civil Partnerships, Marriages and Deaths (Registration etc) Act 2019 completing its parliamentary stages, but it is also the fifth anniversary of the Government taking no action to enforce clause 4, which gives coroners the power to investigate stillbirths.
There has been some progress: on  8 December , after 56 weeks, they have produced the results of that consultation, but there has been no Government response.
When will we have a Government response, and what is the Government’s problem with getting on with something that is overwhelmingly supported?
I appreciate that my hon.
Friend is increasingly agitated about the implementation of aspects of the Bill; however, the consultation was not conclusive, and the stillbirths landscape has changed.
Those issues have to be addressed if the Bill is to be introduced correctly.
According to a report produced by the National Audit Office last week, housing legal aid is out of reach for many people who are struggling to keep a roof over their head.
Countless people facing the threat of eviction and repossession have recently contacted me for help.
With the cost of living crisis and rising interest rates, it is crucial that people can access legal help with their housing issues.
What is the Minister doing to ensure that housing legal aid is available to those who cannot afford legal help?