I can say that we want to extend that duty to healthcare settings, because we do not want health professionals closing ranks when something goes wrong.
It is important to say that since Hillsborough there have been so many changes, including through the Inquiries Act 2005, which mean that there can be criminal liability for those who do not do what the hon.
Gentleman and I must think is a matter of common sense, which is to tell the truth.
Wedding experts at Hitched say that independent celebrants are the biggest trend for couples getting married this year, and with the Church, registrars and humanists all providing additional options, it is about time that we updated the marriage laws, which are from 1836.
Will the Government publish a substantive response to the Law Commission’s 2022 report on wedding reform?
As someone who benefited from the last wedding reform on equal marriage, I can say that this Government are entirely committed to ensuring that we report as fast as possible on the Law Commission’s review.
If my hon.
Friend would like to meet my noble Friend Lord Bellamy to discuss it further, we can make that happen.
The backlog of asylum and immigration tribunal cases has soared from 35,400 to 41,500 in a month—a result, no doubt, of the Home Office pushing through decisions at the end of last year to clear its previous backlog.
What is the Minister doing to tackle this new backlog that they have created?
We are increasing fees for legal aid practitioners.
We have seen a massive increase in cases going through the system, and that is why we are investing to make sure that legal representation is available.
Given that the existing prisons in Buckinghamshire cannot recruit to fill staffing vacancies, where does the Ministry of Justice  think it will magic up staff and prison officers for the mega-prison that it now has planning permission for in my constituency?
My hon.
Friend is a champion of his constituents.
While we may disagree on this issue, I know that he speaks for a lot of his constituents, and he does so vocally in this House.
We have highlighted the increase of 1,400 in the number of prison officers.
We are confident that we can staff all the new prisons and that they are necessary to meet our obligations.
What can I do to change the Secretary of State’s view on joint enterprise?
Has he read Lord Finkelstein’s recent and   very good article in The Times?
Please can the Minister have an open mind and look at it again?
There are more than 1,000 young men in prison on long sentences.
Joint enterprise is there to ensure that those who act as the burglary lookout, those who provide the weapon in a murder and those who drive the getaway vehicle do not escape the consequences of their crimes, which shatter lives.
It is already the case, as in the case of Jogee, that the person must have helped or encouraged the commission of the offence and intended to do so.
If the Labour party’s position is that such people should escape culpability, it should say so.
Our advice on this side of the House is clear: do not commit crime.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for the Home Department if he will make a statement on changes to UK immigration rules and the security of the UK’s borders.
The security of the UK border is a top priority for me, the Home Secretary and the Home Office.
Everything we do in this area is designed to reduce risks to this country and its citizens.
Border Force performs checks on 100% of scheduled passengers arriving in the UK and risk-based intelligence-led checks on general aviation.