I have also heard very good reports of the work that Gwent police are doing, so I am glad to hear what the hon.
Lady says.
I must push back very slightly on what has happened since we launched the end-to-end rape review.
We are prosecuting more rape cases than we were in 2010.
Conviction rates are higher, and perpetrators are going to prison for almost 50% longer than they were in 2010; the average sentence increased from six and a half years to nine and a half years.
I accept that the last independent adviser to the rape review went, but last week we announced the appointment of Professor Katrin Hohl, a legal academic who pioneered Operation Soteria, which I think every Member of this House agrees has transformed the way in which police investigate and prosecute rape, and is leading to better criminal justice outcomes for victims.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the use of non-disclosure agreements in judicial processes.
Non-disclosure agreements cannot prevent any disclosure that is required or protected by law; nor can they preclude an individual from asserting statutory rights.
The courts and judiciary apply the law in relation to NDAs as appropriate in individual cases and, where necessary, determine whether or not they should be enforceable.
Last year, the Legal Services Board stated that incidents of misconduct by lawyers dealing with non-disclosure agreements were a “cause for concern”, and that there was a strong case for a strengthened and harmonised regulatory approach.
Does the Minister agree that there is a need for stronger regulation in this area, and will he support the Bill tabled by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Oxford West and Abingdon (Layla Moran) , which would end the misuse of non-disclosure agreements in the workplace?
I am more than happy to have a discussion with the hon.
Lady, but my understanding is that the Solicitors Regulation Authority has already published a  warning notice reminding solicitors and law firms that potential professional misconduct by a person or a firm should be reported to the regulator.
If she believes that there are still gaps in that warning notice, or that more needs to be done, I am more than happy to have a meeting.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Since the last Justice questions, I have met with the families of those killed by Valdo Calocane: Barnaby Webber, Grace O’Malley-Kumar and Ian Coates.
They deserve answers, and a series of reviews are taking place, including by the Attorney General, on referring the sentence in that case to the Court of Appeal.
We have announced an early legal advice pilot to help families agree child arrangements quickly.
I have visited Leeds to see how £6 million is being spent to roll out state-of-the-art courtrooms as part of our £220 million investment in the court estate.
I have travelled to the USA to meet my counterparts to discuss how Russia can be held financially and legally to account, and I was fitted with a GPS tag to experience for myself how effective modern technology is in holding offenders and Justice Secretaries to account—a constant physical reminder that debts to society must be repaid, court orders must be observed, and transgressors face the very real risk of the clang of a prison gate. [
Hon.
Members: “Do you have it on now?”]
No, I do not.
As my right hon.
and learned Friend just mentioned, he spent a day wearing a GPS tag, along with Jack Elsom from The Sun.
Could he outline what he learned from that experience, and say whether he thinks GPS tags are a robust and effective means of monitoring and punishing low-level offenders?
Will he reveal to the House who else from the Lobby is on his list to be tagged?
I remind Members that these are topical questions.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.