People who want to work in our care sector from other countries are welcome to do so where it is appropriate.
However, under the current model, many people are paying thousands of pounds to agents to contact care home owners in this country who, even if there are no vacancies, will allow people to come here and send them off to work in supermarkets or other areas.
The pay then goes back to the agent—the individuals do not even get the pay.
Will the Minister take measures to combat what is clearly a criminal conspiracy and prevent it from happening?
People who want to come and work here are being exploited ruthlessly.
Where we see abuse of our migration routes, we will root that out and deal with it robustly.
That is one of the reasons the Care Quality Commission accreditation angle has been such an important part of the package of measures we are taking forward, ensuring that the roles people come here to fulfil are credible, real jobs in these workplaces.
We think it is right that there is a better audit trail for those appointments, not least for the very reason my hon.
Friend highlights—to minimise the risks of people being exploited, cheated and sold a fake prospectus for what they are signing up to.
That cannot be right.
It is right that we as a Government take a robust posture over it.
Tapadh leibh, Mr Speaker, and thank you for taking this urgent question.
As you know, I tabled something similar after the BBC and The Guardian reported that the family unification route for Ukrainian families had been unexpectedly closed.
I warned the Government against such mean-mindedness.
The UK Government were the meanest-minded in Europe at the outbreak of the Ukrainian war, which caused a lot of work for civil servants, for the Government themselves, and for MPs—all unnecessarily.
Most importantly, it caused angst for families in Na h-Eileanan an Iar and elsewhere, and concern and worry for those who want to come to the islands and elsewhere.
Why?
I would ask them to think again.
Can the Minister confirm exactly what he has done?
I have a feeling he is being economical with clarity here.
Are the BBC and The Guardian wrong in what they have reported?
The position, very clearly, is that we have arguably been the most generous with the approach we have adopted to provide sanctuary to our Ukrainian friends.
There will continue to be an out-of-country route through the Homes for Ukraine scheme to enable people to come here, as well as the visa extension.
As I said, we are getting on the front foot earlier than others in providing certainty and in terms of the length of those visas.
Those are measures to be welcomed, not traduced.
There is a certain irony about Opposition Members going on about border security, when a lot of them tried to prevent a load of convicted criminals from being deported.
I welcome the income thresholds going up for getting visas and the changes for social care workers, too.
I have been very concerned that other countries have produced evidence about how that route was abused and it is right that we clamp down on dependants coming here.
On the welcome changes to net legal migration, will the Minister provide the evidence and data soon to show the public that it is finally heading in the right direction and that they are being heard?
I am incredibly concerned that if mainstream parties, such as ourselves, do not get it and show the public that we get it on migration, it will fuel the extremes.
My hon.
Friend speaks with real passion and I know that people in Ipswich feel very strongly about this issue.
That is why, as a Government, we have a credible plan to bring the numbers down.