If he will make an assessment of the potential merits of devolving responsibility for justice to the Welsh Government.
The Government are clear that it is in the best interests of the people of Wales for justice to remain a reserved matter.
The current arrangement works well and allows Wales to benefit from being part of a larger, world-renowned justice system.
Devolving justice to Wales would mean losing those benefits and would be extremely expensive and complex, requiring the duplication of functions.
Following the publication last month of the final report by the independent commission on the constitutional future of Wales, the First Minister of Wales confirmed unambiguously that it is the policy of the Welsh Government, and indeed of the Welsh Labour party, to support the devolution of the justice system.
In pursuing the devolution of the Probation Service, he said:
“We will have to explore…governance…financial arrangements”
and the interface between Welsh and English services.
When will the Minister meet the Counsel General for Wales to discuss the devolution of justice?
If the representatives for the Welsh Government wish to meet me, I am more than happy to explain why Wales being part of the English and Welsh legal system remains the preferred option for this Government.
Why would Wales want to leave the most successful legal services system in the world?
What steps his Department is taking to protect the privacy rights of rape victims in criminal justice processes.
What steps his Department is taking to protect the privacy rights of rape victims in criminal justice processes.
It is paramount that victims come forward without fear that their privacy will be violated.
That is why we are taking steps, through the Victims and Prisoners Bill, to create a statutory restriction that limits police requests to third-party material that is necessary and proportionate, and to inform victims of why such material is being requested.
The Government have also asked the Law Commission to undertake a review on the use of evidence in sexual offence prosecutions, and it is due to report later this year.
My constituent had all her counselling records used against her in a harrowing trial that she said was worse than the crime itself.
Will the Victims and Prisoners Bill be sufficiently amended so that medical and social services records are not used against victims in court, and family courts are not used to perpetuate such abuse against the victim, particularly with the use of the term “parental alienation”?
I am truly sorry to hear of what happened to the hon.
Lady’s constituent.
I hope that I can reassure her by saying that new regulations will be published under the Victims and Prisoners Bill to create a code of  practice setting out the principles that the police should apply to all third-party requests, including for counselling, therapy and medical notes.
The police will be required to complete a new request form that sets out the purpose and impact of their request.
The Crown Prosecution Service also has a robust case file review process to ensure that guidance on necessary and proportionate requests is complied with.
The CPS pre-trial therapy guidelines make it crystal clear that victims must not delay therapy for criminal investigation and prosecution.
Recently, I was able to visit the Gwent rape investigation unit and see what an excellent job the police officers there are doing.
However, can the Minister explain why the Government thought it was appropriate to boast about the so-called progress on the rape review when the proportion of cases being charged has halved since 2016, and the key adviser quit because of the lack of drive to improve outcomes for victims?
I have also heard very good reports of the work that Gwent police are doing, so I am glad to hear what the hon.
Lady says.
I must push back very slightly on what has happened since we launched the end-to-end rape review.