Will he tell us the key border security facts?
Have all high-risk private flights been met and checked in the last year?
Home Office Ministers promised me in this Chamber that that would happen 13 years ago.
If not, will he tell us how many high-risk flights—maybe involving dangerous people and weapons—have been allowed into the country without proper border security checks?
The Conservatives have broken the asylum system, bust the Home Office budget, badly undermined Britain’s border security and put our country’s security at risk.
Will they ever get a grip?
I am very disappointed with the right hon.
Lady’s response on the certainty provided by yesterday’s announcement on Ukraine.
Just before the February recess, we had a good debate involving colleagues from across the House where there were calls for certainty on the future of those visa schemes.
The Government have come forward and provided that assurance about where we go from here.
Of course, the first of those visas does not expire until 2025.
If we add on the 18-month period, that is an additional two and a half years of certainty for individuals from the here and now, which I think is very welcome.
There will continue to be an in-country and out-of-country approach.
We of course engage with our Ukrainian friends and allies and will support them in any way we can.
We are ahead of the curve internationally in giving that assurance.
The right hon.
Lady should be on the front foot in welcoming that, because it is good, positive news.
We will publish the reports by the independent chief inspector of borders and immigration and our responses to them.
That will happen soon.
On the right hon.
Lady’s questions about the flights at London City airport and the information put in the public domain, the Home Office categorically rejects the claims by David Neal.
Mr Neal’s report on general aviation border checks at London City airport was submitted last week and underwent fact checking, as is standard practice.
Mr Neal was made aware of a specific issue with the recording of data at London City airport that meant that a large proportion of flights recorded as high risk should have been reclassified as low risk.
It is disappointing that he has chosen to put misleading data into the public domain.
The Home Office’s priority is to deliver a safe and secure border, and we will never compromise on that.
When notified, we cleared 100% of high-risk general  aviation flights either remotely or in person, in accordance with the GA guidance, and we are committed to responding effectively, using an intelligence-led approach, as well as to working thoroughly with the wider law enforcement community.
The right hon.
Lady will appreciate that there is a report on this issue.
We will respond to the inspector’s report, and that response will have answers to the substantive points posed in it.
We will deal with it in entirely the proper way.
It is rather ironic that the right hon.
Lady talked about the Opposition’s stance on the security of our border, because she quite happily voted against the Nationality and Borders Act 2022 when we legislated to introduce electronic travel authorisations, which are critical to the future of our border security and allow greater automation for passengers.
They improve the passenger experience at the border while being robust on border security. [
Interruption.]
She is chuntering away, but she voted against those important measures.
When it comes to dangerous foreign criminals on our streets, we hear those on the Opposition Benches opposing removal flights—the Leader of the Opposition and others have taken that stance.
They would allow dangerous criminals and dangerous individuals to be on the streets of the United Kingdom.
This Government have a credible plan to stop the small boat crossings of the channel and the risk that they present to our security, as well as the wider criminality.
Again, the right hon.