The SFA has a duty to the game in Scotland.
That responsibility runs from the grassroots and football simply being a game to be enjoyed by youngsters, through developing pathways for people to continue playing at whatever age or standard, and on to those entering into the professional ranks and, ultimately, the pinnacle of the national team.
The SFA is also required to nurture and develop not just the men’s game, but the growing women’s game and football among people of different ages and capacities.
The men’s and women’s international teams are the pinnacle, but the SFA’s remit covers all.
All that comes at a cost, however, and the SFA is required to fund it.
Money is tight for associations, as it is for individuals.
Broadcasting money that applies in nations such as Ireland when Premier League games south of the border are shown is denied to Scotland.
The reason is that the UK is classed as one broadcasting  entity and international football divergence is of no relevance.
Hence a cash-strapped SFA needs to maximise income, and the rights to show the national teams’ fixtures are its major asset.
Viaplay offers more.
It is something the SFA is required to do to promote the game from grassroots to international teams.
What about broadcasters?
Why can the BBC, Channel 4 and ITV all have budgets to pay for England games, but not for Scottish ones?
It is not that the SFA is seeking more than the FA—quite the opposite.
The viewing rights fee for Scotland matches is significantly lower than for England matches, just as transfer fees in the Scottish Premier Leagues are lower than those in the English Premier League.
But while UK broadcasters are prepared to pay top dollar to show England games, they are not prepared to fund a bawbee for a Scotland game.
Indeed, that was stated by Simon Pitts of STV when he gave evidence to the Scottish Affairs Committee.
He said that there was
“very little prospect of a larger commercial return UK-wide, which in turn determines the level of bid.”
Scots TV licence fees do not, therefore, matter, and obligations to Scots viewers count for little.
The licence fee paid by Scots and the rights given in Scotland to UK broadcasters are not being matched by coverage.