My right hon.
and learned Friend will know that, only last week, the Court of Appeal criminal division, presided over by the Lady Chief Justice, quashed in bulk a number of Horizon appeals, on the basis of a half-hour hearing.
When the cases get to court, the courts can deal with them swiftly.
Does my right hon.
and learned Friend agree that in framing any legislation, because of the constitutional implications, it is important that we bear in mind that the failures are the failure of a prosecutor to do their duty, or perhaps the failure of the state to come to the aid of victims, but they are not the failure of the courts, which always acted entirely properly on the material put before them by the parties at the time?
It was a failure of the parties, not of the courts.
As always, my hon.
Friend gets to the heart of it.
This was a failure of the Post Office, which is an emanation of the state, and it is the duty of the state to put it right.
The courts have approached this entirely properly.
The Post Office failed to discharge the solemn obligations on any prosecutor to act fairly and to comply with their obligations under section 3 of the Criminal Procedure and Investigations Act 1996 to disclose material that might reasonably be considered capable of undermining the case of the prosecution, or of assisting the case of the defence.
When I was prosecuting, the first rule was that we did not seek a conviction at all costs, which is an important principle that the Post Office failed to appreciate.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
Whistleblowers have come forward to provide information that Fujitsu was given an additional contract by the Post Office in 2013 to re-platform transaction data that was previously held on an external storage system that was considered to be the gold standard.
It was replaced by a system that made it virtually impossible to investigate financial transactions in a forensic audit.
Does the Justice Secretary share our concern that this decision effectively destroyed evidence, preventing exactly the sort of audit trail that would exonerate those sub-postmasters who were convicted?
The Department for Business and Trade is better placed to answer those specific points, but I would say two things.
First, as a matter of sacred principle, if material comes into a prosecutor’s possession that might be considered capable of undermining the case of the prosecution, that material should be disclosed  to the defence.
That is one of the things that has been considered by Sir Wyn Williams’s inquiry.
What did the Post Office know, when did it know it, and what did it do with the material before it?
Across the House, we want to get to the bottom of those questions.
What assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the rapid deployment community payback pilots.
It is a pleasure to respond to my first question from the hon.
Gentleman since his election.
As part of the Government’s antisocial behaviour action plan, community payback teams are working in partnership with 11 local authorities to rapidly clean up antisocial behaviour in the community.
The pilots started in July 2023, and we are in the process of analysing the outcomes.
Initial observations point to the pilots having been successful, with thousands of hours of reparative work being done by hundreds of people on probation within 48 hours of local authority notification, allowing the public to see justice done.
These rapid-deployment community payback scheme pilots were supposed to pave the way for the accelerated roll-out of exactly the kind of swift, transparent restorative justice that victims of crime in my constituency are desperate to see.
Unfortunately, I understand that, of a planned 20,000 hours of work, only 2,000 hours have been delivered by the pilots.
Can the Minister reveal whether that is the case?