They would allow dangerous criminals and dangerous individuals to be on the streets of the United Kingdom.
This Government have a credible plan to stop the small boat crossings of the channel and the risk that they present to our security, as well as the wider criminality.
Again, the right hon.
Lady has opposed all those steps.
We have a plan and we are working through it.
That is the position and it is clear for all to see.
Either I misheard, or the suggestion by the Opposition that the measure the Minister has introduced will prevent Ukrainian family members from coming to Britain is deeply untrue and highly irresponsible, isn’t it?
My right hon.
Friend summarises the situation neatly.
There will continue to be an in-country opportunity for people to apply to extend their visas.
Through the Homes for Ukraine scheme, Ukrainians will still be able to come to the UK to access the sanctuary that we proudly support.
We have seen communities across the country doing an enormous amount of positive, welcome work to support that national effort.
Any suggestion that that will not be the case moving forward is wrong—it is deliberate scaremongering and people should stop it.
I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
There is a bitter irony in the UK Government making changes to health and social care visas—a sector that is crying out for people—that will make it more difficult for people to come and look after our loved ones.
They say, “Come and look after our loved ones, but you can’t bring your own.”
How utterly heartless.
The sector is dominated by women, who are more likely to have children with them.
What equality impact assessment has the Minister carried out on these very poor plans?
What advice is he taking from the Migration Advisory Committee?
This is a crisis of the Government’s making.
The committee encouraged the Government to pay people in the health and social care sector more and commended Scotland,  which has less reliance on people coming in because we have a workforce strategy and we pay care workers the real living wage.
Will he do the same?
Saturday 24 February  marks two years since the escalation of Russian aggression in Ukraine—two years longer than any of us would have wanted.
We are appalled that this week the UK Government have made it more difficult for Ukrainians to seek sanctuary here by closing the Ukraine family scheme with immediate effect at 3 pm yesterday, with absolutely no notice.
The Minister talked of an 18-month extension, but for new applications that has been reduced from years.
Those who hold visas now cannot sponsor, so the wives who want to bring injured husbands to live here presumably can no longer do so.
How can he say that is fair?
How can this Government say “Slava Ukraini” while closing the door to those in need?
To deal with the latter points first, that is not the case.
There continues to be a route for Ukrainians to come to the United Kingdom.
It is arguably a more effective route to facilitate sanctuary for people, with all the enhanced checks and support that come with the Homes for Ukraine route.
There is the ability for people who are here in the UK to sustain and extend their sanctuary.
The hon.
Lady should welcome that; she was involved in the Westminster Hall debate before the recess, as was I. I am proud of the Government’s work to support communities to facilitate that sanctuary.
We will continue to be front footed and forward leaning when it comes to doing so, because it is morally critical that we are at the forefront and are giving people that certainty, way ahead of our international allies.
Again, she should welcome that.
When it comes to care workers, as I have said on many occasions, the current situation for dependants is disproportionate.