We will continue to be front footed and forward leaning when it comes to doing so, because it is morally critical that we are at the forefront and are giving people that certainty, way ahead of our international allies.
Again, she should welcome that.
When it comes to care workers, as I have said on many occasions, the current situation for dependants is disproportionate.
We saw 120,000 dependants come with 100,000 care workers.
That is not sustainable in the longer term.
That is why we are taking forward these measures.
The hon.
Lady mentioned specifically the Migration Advisory Committee, which has consistently said that migration is not the answer to workforce shortages in the social care sector.
That is why the Government have invested £7.5 billion to support the strategy for social care workforce development and to boost capacity in social care, including through retention of the dedicated workforce already undertaking these vital roles.
As a former Minister for Disabled People at the Department for Work and Pensions, I can also say that I firmly back the work the Government are doing to support more people domestically into work through the comprehensive back to work plan.
The hon.
Lady should support those efforts.
We are putting real resourcing behind that—that should be our first port of call.
I welcome the news that the Ukrainian visa scheme has been extended by 18 months; that is very generous.
Could the Minister confirm that while there is a war in Ukraine and while it is unsafe for these families to return, they will have a home in this country?
I know that my hon.
Friend cares deeply about providing that sanctuary for our Ukrainian friends, as do I, colleagues across Government and, I would argue, Members across this House.
We are all  incredibly moved by what we have seen in our communities, with people rallying behind those Ukrainians to support them and to provide that warm welcome.
We will continue to sustain that effort, which we do in partnership with the Ukrainian Government; we regularly discuss these matters with them.
Of course, we will continue to sustain that sanctuary for the duration of this invasion.
We are firmly on the side of the Ukrainians in winning this war.
I call the Chair of the Home Affairs Committee.
Accountability and oversight are critical to the effective management of UK border security.
The Home Affairs Committee has repeatedly questioned the Government about the delay in the Home Office publishing the chief inspector’s reports—I understand there are now 15 reports outstanding.
We are also concerned as the chief inspector is the statutory body, and there is no deputy or provision for the institution to exist without the chief inspector in post.
With David Neal leaving at the end of March, will the Minister update the House on what has happened to the recruitment process that ended in December?
When will the Home Affairs Committee get the pre-appointment hearing that we are entitled to have for the new chief inspector?
I think the Chairman of the Committee will appreciate that it would not be appropriate for me to comment on appointment-related matters, but we will follow the proper process in appointing a chief inspector of borders and immigration.
The shadow Home Secretary also asked about the laying before Parliament of the Government’s responses to the reports; as I said in response to that question, it will happen soon.
People who want to work in our care sector from other countries are welcome to do so where it is appropriate.
However, under the current model, many people are paying thousands of pounds to agents to contact care home owners in this country who, even if there are no vacancies, will allow people to come here and send them off to work in supermarkets or other areas.
The pay then goes back to the agent—the individuals do not even get the pay.