The qualifying games—a number of which were enthralling, with wins at home against Spain and away against Norway, were not available to view for many people other than those fortunate enough to be able to go to the match itself or able to pay for Viaplay.
That is as unfair and unjust as a refereeing error or VAR review which punishes your team.
It has meant that Scots fans have missed out on the well-earned success of their team.
Even worse, when these Euro finals are past and the qualifiers for the World cup in north America begin, Scots will again be deprived of the opportunity to watch their team on free-to-air TV.
The games go on as another competition beckons, but many Scots are excluded from watching their team’s journey, and that is neither right nor fair.
It is not the norm in Europe, where only seven countries including Scotland and Northern Ireland  are in this situation; nor is it the case in England, where qualifying games have been free to air on ITV or Channel 4 since 2018.
Even in Wales, where rights to the national team’s qualifying fixtures were also sold to Viaplay in 2022, access was available free to air on S4C.
The charging for viewing extends from the major competitions even to friendly fixtures.
While they may lack the same bite as the competitive games, many wish to see their heroes perform or new stars be given an opportunity, but the four friendly fixtures arranged for Scotland’s warm-up for Germany are all to be behind a pay wall on Viaplay, so even these non-competitive fixtures will be denied to many Scottish fans.
Meanwhile, England’s warm-up will be broadcast free to view on Channel 4.
The anomaly between Scotland and England international matches extends beyond the men’s international team.
For the women’s game, ITV has the rights to the English national team, having recently taken over from the BBC.
Scotland games are shown on BBC Alba, a channel I know and enjoy but which, although free to view, has neither the reach nor the resource of the bigger channels.
Indeed, I have seen Scottish and English fixtures going head to head on the BBC and BBC Alba.
Why is there pan-UK coverage of the England game, but restricted access to the Scottish one?
Similarly, the BBC holds the rights to England under-21 internationals while Scotland’s are left to the Scottish Football Association website, which shows that it is not just in respect of the men’s team but across genders and ages that Scots are being deprived of the right to watch their national team.
Those fixtures also matter to fans.
The Scottish football press were once described as fans with typewriters; now it seems to be the UK broadcasters who are fans with TV stations, but while the Scottish press supported the Scottish team, the UK broadcasters only seem to support England.
UK broadcasters are revealing themselves not as UK television outlets, but as Team England only.
That is happening whether we are talking about the state-funded BBC, publicly owned Channel 4, or the commercial ITV or STV channels that have broadcasting obligations beyond the border.
Some may blame the Scottish Football Association, which sold the rights to Viaplay.
Let me say at the outset that I do not hold the SFA responsible; culpability rests with broadcasters, who have not just rights but duties, and who are failing Scotland.
The SFA has a duty to the game in Scotland.
That responsibility runs from the grassroots and football simply being a game to be enjoyed by youngsters, through developing pathways for people to continue playing at whatever age or standard, and on to those entering into the professional ranks and, ultimately, the pinnacle of the national team.
The SFA is also required to nurture and develop not just the men’s game, but the growing women’s game and football among people of different ages and capacities.