I remind Members that these are topical questions.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
There is a serious point here: our modern GPS tags act as a constant physical reminder that debts to society must be repaid and that breach of a court order will be detected, so that a person who steps over the line, literally or metaphorically, and enters an area from which he is barred knows that he is liable to be returned to court and sent to prison.
We could put the entire Lobby on alcohol tags, but I think that would deal a fatal blow to the UK drinks industry.
I call the shadow Minister.
I recently visited Cookham Wood young offenders institution.
There, officers told me about the challenges they face, including a staffing shortage and shocking recruitment issues, which have led to rising levels of violence.
Can the Minister say when he last visited Cookham Wood, and why this Government continue to be unable to solve those crucial problems?
I have visited Cookham Wood.
I cannot remember the precise date, but the really important statistic to note is that in the period up to the end of September last year, we recruited an additional 1,400 prison officers.
The numbers are going up, and the attrition rate is going down. [
Interruption.]
Hold on.
That is because we have introduced measures such as the new colleague mentor scheme, rolled out £100 million on security and so on.
We recognise that the safety of our prisons is in large measure down to the quality and quantity of our staff, and we are improving on both counts.
There was an interesting debate in the House of Lords last night, in which Lord Hoffmann confirmed my understanding that the European Court of Human Rights was wrong to impose a rule 39 injunction to stop flights to Rwanda, and that we could safely ignore such an injunction.
Will the Secretary of State confirm that that is his understanding of the law, and if we get the Bill through Parliament and have flights on the ground, will he ignore such an injunction?
And would that not be a good issue on which to fight the election?
Order.
Sir Edward, you should know better.
This is topicals.
You are a member of the Panel of Chairs as well; you are meant to set an example, not abuse your position.
I do not have the advantage of having listened to Lord Hoffmann, but we do not think that the Strasbourg Court will need to intervene, given that our domestic courts will have carefully assessed whether anyone we intend to remove to Rwanda would suffer serious and irreversible harm.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
Unison, of which I am a proud member, has criticised Government plans to reintroduce employment tribunal fees, on the grounds that the
“only people who would benefit from their reintroduction are unscrupulous bosses”.
The Resolution Foundation has found that the lowest-paid workers were least likely to bring a claim, so how can the Justice Secretary defend plans to reintroduce employment tribunal fees, which will disproportionately affect those on low wages and present an obstacle to justice for those who need it most?
The £55 claim issue fee is modest, and this is completely different from the previous fee scheme, so I simply do not accept the hon.
Gentleman’s characterisation.
I am quite happy to defend that small, reasonable fee as necessary to help defray the costs of our system.
What percentage of the backlog in Crown court cases is due to foreign national offenders, and what has been done to reduce that?
Data on foreign national offenders is collected at the point when an individual becomes an offender—in other words, at the point of conviction—but in addition, the Ministry of Justice records the numbers  in custody awaiting trial who are FNOs, and that stands at approximately 3,300.