Those who are caught can face loss of privileges, more time in custody, and even a referral to the police and the Crown Prosecution Service for consideration of further charges.
Last year I was grateful for the Government’s support for my private Member’s Bill to limit Friday releases for vulnerable prisoners.
It is an important measure and is now an Act, but it is only one of the measures that we should be taking to reduce reoffending and help people get back on their feet when they leave prison.
The excellent charity Switchback has suggested that, at the very minimum, people should be leaving prison with access to ID and an internet-enabled mobile phone just to get their lives in order so that they can access universal credit and other services.
What consideration has my right hon.
and learned Friend given to those suggestions?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for his excellent work in successfully championing the limit on Friday prison releases.
The changes for which he called came into force last November and are exceptionally helpful, and he deserves great credit for that.
He is also right to point to the brilliant work of Switchback, which has supported our resettlement work.
That work includes the roll-out of 12 weeks’ guaranteed accommodation and the introduction of resettlement passports, which contain precisely the basic information to which my hon.
Friend referred, such as a prisoner’s name, date of birth, national insurance number and release date.
They help prisoners to access essential services such as housing and healthcare, and contribute to the driving down of reoffending, which, as was recognised by  the hon.
Member for York Central (Rachael Maskell) , is significantly lower than it was in 2010.
The wife of a remand prisoner at Wormwood Scrubs wrote to me recently to say that the prison is so cold that prisoners are shaking, that they have to choose between work, social time and showering, and that the food is lacking in basic nutrition.
I can explore these matters with the Prisons Minister in a couple of weeks’ time during our  joint visit to the Scrubs, but does the Secretary of State agree that such conditions are not conducive to rehabilitation?
This is an important point.
We do deprive people of liberty and sometimes we have to do so in the case of those on remand, but the conditions must be safe, decent and humane—austere, yes, but humane as well.
I commend the hon.
Gentleman for going to see the Scrubs with the Prisons Minister, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Charnwood (Edward Argar) , and I shall be very interested to hear his views thereafter.
I call shadow Minister Ruth Cadbury.
We need to tackle the revolving door of reoffending in our justice system, yet the reoffending rate, as a proportion of those leaving prison, continues to rise.
Whatever the Secretary of State may say, I have heard time and again that the lack of secure housing, adequate and appropriate healthcare, education, job training and job support means that prisoners are being left to fail after they are released.
It is the victims of crime who suffer when ex-prisoners reoffend.
Can the Secretary of State announce when the Government expect the reoffending rate to go down?
It is important to note that reoffending is down compared with under the last Labour Government.
The hon.
Lady shakes her head, but one can dispute opinions in this House, but not facts.
The reoffending rate in 2010 was around 31%; it is 25% now.
That means fewer people falling victim to crime.
The hon.
Lady refers to accommodation, and she is right to do so.
What she did not advert to is this Government’s decision to provide 12 weeks’ guaranteed accommodation, which did not happen under a Labour Government.