We have got ahead of the curve and provided certainty around sanctuary in a way that I think people in this country want to see.
The changes the Government keep making to the Ukrainian scheme have unfortunately resulted in far too many Ukrainians becoming homeless.
When will the Minister finally, as pledged by his predecessor, meet Glasgow Members of Parliament to discuss how Home Office policies are making refugees homeless in the city of Glasgow?
In fact, the announcement has provided real certainty about the future of the Ukraine schemes at an early stage, and we are ahead of the curve internationally.
The hon.
Gentleman knows me well, and we have always had a constructive working relationship.
I am very willing to meet him to discuss the issue of asylum accommodation and support for refugees in Glasgow, and I know that my colleagues in the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities who lead on the accommodation side of the Ukraine scheme would also be happy to engage with him.
I thank the Minister for all his helpful answers.
In the context of the open border, may I ask what steps have been taken to ensure that Northern Ireland does not become the back door to the rest of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to raise that point.
As he has recognised, we must ensure that our approach to border security is adopted properly throughout the United Kingdom.
I was pleased to be able to have a constructive meeting about the future of the Ukraine schemes with the new Deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland last week, as part of the conversations that are taking place with the devolved Governments.
I told her that I would be very willing to meet her again, and I was delighted to see her in her place and taking on those responsibilities.
I am sure that these are matters that she will want to discuss.
On a point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
You will be aware that the Northern Ireland Assembly was restored two weeks ago.
During the period when it was not sitting, Members of the Legislative Assembly were not fulfilling the full range of their functions, and the Secretary of State reduced their salaries.
I wrote to the Leader of the House last week about a matter of which you may well also be aware, Madam Deputy Speaker: the matter of the abstentionist Sinn Féin MPs who have not fulfilled the full range of their own functions, but have received millions of pounds in representative moneys over not two but 22 years.
While they receive no salary from the House, the money that they do receive is allocated on the same basis as Short money, namely to assist Opposition parties with such processes as scrutiny and preparation for debates, in none of which Sinn Féin participates.
I just wish to ascertain, Madam Deputy Speaker, whether the Leader of the House, having received my letter, has as yet indicated her intention of tabling a motion allowing us to discuss this matter.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his point of order and for giving me notice of it.
I have had no indication that the Government intend to table a motion on this matter, and I believe that Mr Speaker has had no such indication either.
However, the hon.
Gentleman will have an opportunity to ask the Leader of the House a question on Thursday when she has announced the forthcoming business.
I hope that that is helpful; I think that that is the direction in which he should go.
Further to that point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
This is not something that has happened in the last while; as we have just heard from my hon.
Friend  the Member for East Londonderry (Mr Campbell) , it has been going on for a number of years.