The Government launched three consultations following the gambling White Paper.
We are considering all the evidence that was received and will publish the Government response soon.
Our response to the consultation on the introduction of the online slots limit is due to be published imminently, and we are on track for implementation of the recommendations by the summer.
Will the Minister ensure that the highly regulated land-based industry can better innovate and grow by, for example, ensuring that the right option is chosen on the changes proposed to machine rules for the adult gaming sector, which are out for consultation?
The hon.
Lady is right that the rules for the land-based sector have been very out of date for some time.
That is why doing these consultations has been really helpful; it has identified further work that needed to be done.
We have had a second consultation on some of that but, again, we will still be on course to implement the changes by the summer.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The unregulated black market for gambling causes untold devastation to people’s lives, even when they are trying to quit, so what are the Government doing to protect families from the illegal black market in gambling?
The hon.
Lady is right to highlight the dangers of the black market.
That is why, as part of the White Paper, we said that we would give more powers to the Gambling Commission to be able to close down those black market websites which, frankly, are really quite dangerous.
If she will meet promoters of the bid to the cultural development fund to restore the Gala Bingo hall in Kettering.
I welcome my hon.
Friend’s interest in the cultural development fund.
As the application process for its fourth round is live, unfortunately Ministers are unable to meet bid promoters at present.
Two remarkably talented and enthusiastic individuals from Kettering, Beccy Hurrell and Lindsey Atkins, have put together a really ambitious £2 million bid to repurpose the former Gala Bingo hall in Kettering High Street, changing it into a community arts, music and family hub, which will be transformative for Kettering  town centre.
Expressions of interest in the Department’s cultural development fund must be submitted by  15 March .
Is there no way that I, Beccy, Lindsey and the council can meet the relevant Minister before  15 March  to see whether our bid might be appropriate?
I congratulate the two women who are putting forward such an exciting and interesting bid for that important building on Kettering High Street.
In preparing to answer my hon.
Friend’s question, I looked at a potted history of Kettering’s bingo hall and I appreciate the important role it has to play in regenerating the town.
I spoke to my noble Friend Lord Parkinson, as his ministerial brief covers this topic.
He is happy to meet and look into the issue, but there is a question about the appropriate timing for that meeting.
I noted the recent debate about levelling up.
I hope the bid will be successful, but I am afraid I cannot influence that.
What assessment she has made of the impact of the closure of leisure centres on the community in North Shropshire constituency.
Leisure centres provide important community hubs, connect individuals within areas in which they live and help to deliver important social and mental health outcomes.
In recognition of this and of public leisure, we have provided £60 million to swimming pools across England.
Whitchurch swimming pool in my constituency closed in March 2020.
Thankfully, there will be spades in the ground to reopen it in the coming years, but the council announced last week that swimming pools and leisure centres are at the top of its list for significant budget cuts in the coming year.