Britain has earmarked some £200 million to procure and produce long-range strike and sea drones, and become Ukraine’s largest supplier of drones.
Yet this is far from the summit of our ambitions.
In December, we set up a new taskforce to build a strong defence industrial partnership with Ukraine, ensuring that Ukraine can sustain the fight for years to come.
In January, the Prime Minister signed the historic security co-operation agreement.
This is the start of a 100-year alliance that we are building with our Ukrainian friends.
Once again, it is the United Kingdom that has signed the first such agreement, with welcome signings from France and Germany having followed.
The Ukrainians have the will and they have the skills, and they have shown that if they are given the tools, they can do the job, but their need today remains particularly urgent.
Russia is continuing to attack along almost the entire frontline, only recently decimating and then capturing the eastern town of Avdiivka.
The Kremlin continues to callously strike at civilian targets, most recently hitting a hospital in Selydove.
Putin is making no secret whatsoever of being in this for the long term.
Russia’s economy has indeed shifted on to a full-time war footing, spending some 30% of its federal expenditure on its defence—a nominal increase of almost 70% just on last year alone.
If the cruel death of the remarkable, brave Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has taught us anything, it is that Putin’s victory is something that none of us can afford.
The tyrant of the Kremlin is determined simply to wait out the west.
He believes that we lack the stomach for the fight, and we must show him that we are wrong.
This House may not be united on all matters, as we have seen in the past 24 hours, but we are united on one thing: our support for Ukraine.
So the UK will continue to double down on that support, and all freedom-loving countries must be compelled to do the same.
This year will be make or break for Ukraine, so it is time for the west and all civilised nations to step up and give Ukraine the backing it needs.
Two years ago, when I spoke to an anxious Oleksandr Kubrakov, who had retreated to that field outside Kyiv, he did not know what would happen to Ukraine.
Now, entering the third year of this conflict, it is remarkable to see that Ukrainians remain in full fight.
I know that the whole House will join me in saying that the UK will not stop supporting the brave Ukrainians, our friends, until they have won and have victory.
I do not entirely agree with the right hon.
Member’s characterisation of the UK response in terms of deindustrialisation.
I do agree that it is difficult overall to suddenly ramp up from whatever level we are producing at on a non-war footing, but it is heartening to know—I think this is right, but it is off the top of my head; I will correct the figures if I have got it wrong—that our munitions and missile production is now eight times the level it was before the war, so we have certainly stepped up.
In addition, we are carrying out rounds of procurement through the international fund for Ukraine, which we established and which is still receiving new contributions.
I am delighted that Australia has just donated $50 million to that fund.
I think—again, this is off the top of my head—there have been 27 rounds of contract procurement so far.
I am not familiar with the particular case that the right hon.