I recognise the vast contribution that these lotteries make to charities, particularly those that work in rural areas.
Of course, we will make sure that we take evidence on all those issues.
I am sure the hon.
Gentleman would agree that we want to make sure that we are developing policy based on evidence, but that does not detract from our recognition of the enormous work that these lotteries do, and we are incredibly grateful to them.
What recent progress she has made on implementing her Department’s multi-sport grassroots facilities programme.
The Government have committed over £325 million to multi-sport grassroots sites across the whole of the UK.
This is part of our mission to ensure that every community has the pitches and facilities it needs.
So far, 2,300 sites have been supported.
That includes funding for grass pitch maintenance at Waveney football club in my hon.
Friend’s constituency, creating many more opportunities for people of all backgrounds to get active.
The development of multi-sport grassroots facilities is very often led by one sport, which then faces a variety of obstacles in getting other sports authorities to participate in a particular project.
What steps is my right hon.
and learned Friend taking to remove those barriers, and to promote collaboration between different sports authorities so that much-needed facilities can be built?
I welcome my hon.
Friend’s question because it allows me to champion the fact that, as a requirement of the Government’s investment in grassroots facilities, 40% of projects need to clearly benefit a sport other than football, such as cricket, rugby, basketball or netball.
In England, the Football Foundation and Sport England work closely with the national governing bodies of other sports to encourage the development of multi-sport projects, to promote collaboration between clubs at a local level.
Over 1 million girls lose interest in sports when they become teenagers, mainly due to lack of confidence and feeling judged, but we know how beneficial sports are for mental health, and there are many other benefits.
How has the Department included gender in the implementation of the multi-sport grassroots facilities programme?
I welcome that question.
We have a national sports strategy to get 3.5 million people more active.
That is focused on trying to get those who are currently inactive into sport.
As the hon.
Lady rightly mentions, women and girls are less active in sport than  boys and men, so we are focusing in particular on that, with a national taskforce that brings together all relevant Departments and national governing bodies to ensure that we get more women and girls involved in sport across the board.
Does the Secretary of State accept that grassroots sports can play a hugely important part in levelling up?
As part of Darwen’s £120 million town deal, we have invested in our football club, our cricket club and our skate park, and we are about to open a brand-new five-a-side pitch.
Will she talk with the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities to see what part her Department can play in ensuring that sport plays its proper part in enriching the cultural lives of people in areas with levelling-up bids?
My right hon.
Friend is a huge champion for his area and for the north in general.
He is absolutely right that sport, drama, creativity—all those things—level up an area.
I am very happy to talk to my right hon.
Friend in the Levelling Up Department to consider how we can continue, across Government, to support the north.
I have recently visited sports clubs in Honiton, including youth rugby, gymnastics and football.
They are all seeking support from the local authority, East Devon District Council, on the basis of its 2017 sports pitch strategy.