Friend in the Levelling Up Department to consider how we can continue, across Government, to support the north.
I have recently visited sports clubs in Honiton, including youth rugby, gymnastics and football.
They are all seeking support from the local authority, East Devon District Council, on the basis of its 2017 sports pitch strategy.
The Government’s multi-sport grassroots facilities programme is very welcome, but does the Secretary of State consider it generous enough for youth sport, given that the co-benefits of sport for young people include a sense of camaraderie, good health and civic pride?
Our strategy is helping sport across the board, but I recognise in particular the importance of getting young people involved in sport.
We have invested around £1 billion in sport for young people, including £300 million for multi-sport pitches and £600 million in schools so that more children get the required two hours of physical education.
We are also investing across the board in youth services to get more young children active in constructive activities rather than in less appropriate ones.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
I am proud of our Government’s record in supporting the creative industries.
Figures published last week, which I am sure Opposition Members will welcome, show that our powerhouse creative industries grew by 6.8% in 2022, generating an enormous £124 billion for UK plc, putting us ahead of our ambition to grow those sectors by an extra £50 billion by 2030.
Of course, much of that depends on the amazing talent of Britain.
Many in the creative industries are benefiting from the Government’s targeted tax breaks, which are powering those industries.
Does the Secretary of State agree that we need to support local initiatives to encourage more girls to get into—or back into—and remain in sport?
I myself enjoyed a long and prosperous rugby career playing in national league 1.
Will she join me in congratulating Somerton rugby football club on its new girls rugby “skills and social” nights?
More girls should have the opportunity to play sports that are traditionally the preserve of the boys.
That is why we are encouraging all schools to offer all sports to all their pupils, whatever their gender.
In addition, we are backing women’s football, with £30 million for 30 pitches across the country to which girls will have priority access.
It is absolutely right that we continue to encourage girls and women to take up more sport.
Gainsborough was once the capital of England under the incomparable Sweyn Forkbeard.
It is an historic market town with the Old Hall at its heart.
What plans do the Government have to preserve the character of historic market towns such as Gainsborough?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for raising the beauty and heritage of Gainsborough.
Heritage, of course, has a vital role to play in levelling up, and can act as a powerful catalyst to increase opportunities and prosperity.
We recognise the opportunity that historic high streets give us, and we have a £95 million high streets heritage action zones programme that is driving the regeneration of 67 of our towns and cities.
I believe that Gainsborough has previously been a recipient of heritage lottery programmes, and we also have a scheme to help with historic churches.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
Coverage of yesterday’s Commons chaos showed how desperately we need good-quality journalism, so I am concerned about BBC Scotland’s request to Ofcom for a reduction in its broadcast news output, especially the loss of “The Nine”.
BBC Scotland’s TV news had something of a couthie image until “The Nine” came along, placing Scottish news in the context of UK and international news.
It was a compromise offering for those who wanted a “Scottish Six” on BBC 1.