He campaigned on this issue before he was a Minister, and he has been a very good Minister, but a lot of that good work was undone on Monday by the performance of the Secretary of State for Business and Trade.
I am disappointed that he has not taken the opportunity today to talk about the overturned convictions.
I understand that later today, at 12 o’clock, there will be a written ministerial statement on the subject.
I do not think that is the way to do it, as the House needs an opportunity to discuss the overturned convictions.
I will ask the Minister a few questions.
It is quite clear now that Nick Read, the Post Office chief executive, wrote to the Lord Chancellor basically opposing the overturning of all convictions, saying that up to 300 people were “guilty”.
It is not yet clear who instructed him to do that.
On Monday, the Secretary of State said it was done off his own bat.
I would like to hear what the Minister has to say on that.
If there are to be overturned convictions, they cannot just be about Horizon; they should also be about Capture.
Evidence that I have put to the public inquiry and sent to the Minister yesterday clearly indicates that the scandal predates Horizon.
Those affected need to be included in both the compensation scheme and among those with overturned convictions.
The board is meeting this afternoon, and we have made recommendations to the Minister on how to simplify and speed up the compensation scheme.
Will he give an assurance to the House that once the recommendations are agreed, we can announce them quite quickly, primarily to restore to the sub-postmasters some faith, which was wrecked by the performance of the Secretary of State on Monday?
If the Minister’s written ministerial statement at 12 o’clock is about overturning convictions, will he give a commitment to come back to the House on Monday to give an oral statement, so that the House can interrogate him and discuss that issue?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his question.
The overturned convictions are a key priority for me and my Department.
I am always keen to update the House whenever I can.
There always has to be a sequence to ensure that we follow proper process.
What we are doing potentially affects the devolved Administrations, so it is really important that we engage with them properly.
That is one of the reasons why we need to make the written statement later today.
I have never been unwilling to come before the House and report on what we are doing.
I will, of course, continue to do that.
On the letter from the chief executive to the Justice Secretary, I am aware of the allegations by Mr Staunton.
They are very serious allegations that should not be made lightly or be based on a vague recollection.
If the right hon.
Gentleman looks at the letter from the former permanent secretary, it is clear that she believes the allegations are incorrect, and that there was never any conversation along the lines referred to by Mr Staunton.
I think it is pretty clear that those allegations are false.
The right hon.
Gentleman has regularly brought up Capture.
We are keen to continue to engage with him on that to ensure that those affected are included in any compensation where detriment has occurred.
I note his point about an oral statement.
As I say, I am always keen to give such statements whenever possible, and to be interrogated on our plans.
I do not think he will be disappointed by what we announce later today.