The public rightly expect the BBC to be an exemplar of impartiality.
Our review highlighted issues in relation to both impartiality and complaints.
As a result, the BBC will undertake significant reforms on both impartiality and complaints.
At the charter review, as I have already said, we will examine whether the BBC first process remains the right complaints model.
My innate lack of deference has probably not got me far in this place over the past 22 years, but it is good to see you in your rightful place this morning, Mr Speaker.
The BBC is a great British institution, as the Secretary of State says.
In considering the mid-term review, will she reflect on the importance, in this era of fake news,  biased comment and social media, of having a space in which information and news are presented impartially and in accordance with editorial guidelines?
The BBC is criticised from the left and the right, which probably reflects the fact that it generally gets things right.
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right that the BBC plays a critical role.
It is extremely trusted not only here but across the world.
The BBC is an important institution, which is why it is so important that it remains impartial.
I know that the director-general agrees and, like me, thinks there is more to do.
That is why, in the mid-term review, we set out things that the BBC continues to need to look at.
The BBC agrees with our mid-term review and has accepted all our recommendations.
What progress her Department has made on introducing a national registration system for short-term lets.
What progress her Department has made on introducing a national registration system for short-term lets.
What progress her Department has made on introducing a national registration system for short-term lets.
The Government have delivered the legal framework for a registration scheme for short-term lets in England under the Levelling-up and Regeneration Act 2023 and have consulted on the scheme’s design.
On Monday we announced that we will implement a national mandatory registration scheme across all of England.
We will set out further detail later this year on how the register will operate.
I thank the Minister for her answer, and I thank the Secretary of State for her engagement on this issue both now and in her previous role as Housing Minister.
It is great news that there will be a mandatory short-term lets register, which will hopefully begin to relieve some of the pressure on our local housing market.
How can we ensure that North Devon’s tourist economy fully benefits from these changes?
My hon.
Friend is a real champion for her local Devon tourist economy, and she is aware of the challenges that tourism can present in local communities, especially when it comes to short-term lets, which can make it too expensive for people working in the tourism industry to live near their job.
This is a difficult issue, and we are trying to strike the right balance between people being able to have second homes and ensuring that hotels have a level playing field and that the local community has the right accommodation.
I appreciate my hon.
Friend’s campaigning on this issue.
The next phase of the project will work with the sector to get the details of the registration scheme right.
We will be reaching out to representatives of the visitor economy and likely users of the scheme to make sure it delivers for everybody as simply as possible.
North Norfolk has a significant number of holiday lets, Airbnbs and the like.
I am glad that the Minister says the Government will look at this in moderation because, in life, too much of anything is sometimes a bad thing.
There is a difference, a nuance, between a person who rents out a room in their home via Airbnb to earn some extra income and whole streets and areas being turned into holiday lets.