That guidance is being updated, so I can reassure my hon.
Friend on that point.
He is right that clergy will always rightly tell everyone they come across about the love of Jesus, but clergy do not determine asylum claims.
Of course, priests are expected to uphold the law and make truthful representations of character.
I hope that reassures him.
I also note that in the recent Times investigation of 28 cases heard by the upper tribunal where a claimant cited conversion to Christianity as a reason to be granted asylum, only seven were approved, 13 were dismissed, and new hearings were ordered in eight other cases.
My hon.
Friend will have heard the comments made by my hon.
Friend  the Member for East Worthing and Shoreham (Tim Loughton)  at Prime Minister’s questions.
The problem is, this brings the Church of England into disrepute.
It implies that some vicars are naive, foolish and innocent.
It is important for the credibility of the Church of England that training is more robust and that well-meaning folk do not endanger our society.
I hear very clearly what my hon.
Friend says.
I know that he, like me, takes seriously the reputation of the Church of England.
He cares a great deal about it, and I am grateful to him for that.
I repeat the answer I gave my hon.
Friend  the Member for Kettering (Mr Hollobone) : priests are required to use discernment, to recognise that there might be mixed motives, and always to put forward truthful representations of character.
I heard the words of my hon.
Friend  the Member for East Worthing and Shoreham (Tim Loughton)  as well.
When there is plenty wrong and plenty to complain about, it is not always the case that we should blame the established Church, is it?
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend.
Any institution run by humans will never be perfect, but he is right that the Church of England was unfairly accused of being involved in some cases, when it had no involvement at all.
What recent progress has been made on implementing the decisions taken by the General Synod in February 2023 relating to clergy in same-sex relationships.
In February 2023, the General Synod passed a motion to welcome the decision by the House of Bishops to replace a document called “Issues in Human Sexuality”.
The House of Bishops has published pastoral guidance that partially replaces that document.
It is working on further pastoral guidance that would allow the document to be replaced entirely.
Papers going to tomorrow’s General Synod once again recommend backtracking on the agreements made, not just in February but in the autumn General Synod, regarding same-sex blessings and the rules governing priests in same-sex relationships.
That is totally unacceptable.
Yesterday’s report by Professor Alexis Jay on safeguarding in the Church of England was excoriating.
It pointed to serial failures, and recommended setting up a completely independent body, the Church being stripped of its responsibilities, and those being handed to an independent regulator.
It pains me to say this, but does the hon.
Gentleman agree that dealing with both those very important historical challenges for the Church appears to be beyond the capacity and will of its current leadership, and that perhaps our established Church might benefit from a fresh start at the top?
The right hon.
Gentleman takes these issues very seriously and has a long involvement with the Church of England.
Starting with the second issue, the Church commissioned Professor Jay’s report.
The Church gets the seriousness of these issues, and it will consider very seriously how to respond.
The archbishops have described her report as a “vital next step”.
We are not in denial, and we will put things right.
The right hon.
Gentleman also knows very well how the General Synod of the Church of England works; it is a sovereign body.
It meets again this weekend.