I am delighted that Australia has just donated $50 million to that fund.
I think—again, this is off the top of my head—there have been 27 rounds of contract procurement so far.
I am not familiar with the particular case that the right hon.
Member cited, so I will write back to him on the detail, but it is encouraging that we have been able to set up a mechanism so that other countries that have not had our scale of ambition and footprint on Ukraine can put in their own money, so that we can buy in coalition on their behalf.
We will continue to do that.
I rise to present this petition on behalf of my constituents in Hornsey and Wood Green, who are angry and disappointed that Barclays bank wishes to close its busy Crouch End branch, barely a year after it closed its Muswell Hill branch.
Before that, it closed the Wood Green and Highgate village branches.
It must be a world record for four branches of one bank to close in an area.
It is deeply disappointing that a bank started off by Quakers in the 1690s has such a poor sense of how to serve its community.
Many of those who signed my petition are older residents.
They told me that they feel
“left out and discriminated against”
because they are being pushed online when they want to talk to “people not machines”.
A lot said how anxious they were about becoming victims of fraud and how to travel to the next bank would take a round trip of an hour on two buses.
Almost half of all banks across the country that were open in 2015 have closed.
That is bad for customers, bad for businesses and bad for our dying high streets, and action needs to be taken.
The petition states:
“The petitioners therefore request that the House of Commons urge the Government to act to protect essential in-person banking services.”
Following is the full text of the petition:
[The petition of residents of Hornsey and Wood Green,
Declares that the petitioners are extremely disappointed at the announcement of the closure of Halifax's Muswell Hill branch in November 2023, further notes that bank branches are the heart of communities, and are relied upon by local communities, especially old and disabled people, those who need access to cash and those without internet banking; further notes that they are also vital for local businesses.
The petitioners therefore request that the House of Commons urge the Government to act to protect essential in-person banking services.
And the petitioners remain, etc.]
[P002857]
The Secretary of State was asked—
Whether she has had recent discussions with the BBC board on the implementation of recommendations in the BBC mid-term review.
The BBC is a hugely valued institution, and the mid-term review seeks to ensure that it continues to provide an outstanding service by improving its processes in relation to both impartiality and complaints.
I regularly meet the BBC’s chair and director-general, and I will continue to use those meetings to raise these important issues.
I started my career as a BBC reporter, and I firmly believe in the importance of our national broadcaster being both independent, particularly at moments and eras such as this, and completely impartial.
However, every year, many people complain that the BBC is not as impartial as it should be, even that it is biased, and the BBC then dismisses the vast majority of those complaints.
Does my right hon.
and learned Friend think that the public would perhaps have more confidence in how those complaints are investigated if they were investigated independently from the outset?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The public rightly expect the BBC to be an exemplar of impartiality.
Our review highlighted issues in relation to both impartiality and complaints.
As a result, the BBC will undertake significant reforms on both impartiality and complaints.