Will the Minister work with me on that?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point, and I have heard that from fans in my constituency.
It is a decision for football, but I will be happy to raise the issue with the various leagues.
I recognise the impact that such postponements have on fans up and down the country.
Does my right hon.
Friend share my concern that the large number of inquiries that Ofcom has launched against GB News, for conducting itself in exactly the same fashion as other channels routinely do, is in danger of looking biased and political, and that Ofcom is in danger of putting itself in judicial review territory?
The Government and I are in favour of media plurality, and it is important that different channels express different views across our vast political landscape.
I am pleased that GB News has chosen to be regulated by Ofcom, and I know that Ofcom carries out its job appropriately.
The hon.
Member for Broxbourne, representing the House of Commons Commission, was asked—
What support and protection is available for Members who have experienced threats and other forms of intimidation.
With your indulgence, Mr Speaker, I will read quite a long answer into the record.
It is essential that Members and their staff can perform their parliamentary duties safely and securely, both on and off the estate.
The Commission considers that to be of the highest importance.
Members should report immediate threats to the police on 999.
Members can report any other threats, whether online, on the street or in their constituency, to the parliamentary liaison and investigations team of police officers based on the estate.
The House administration recognise that threats and intimidation can impact MPs’ emotional health and wellbeing.
The parliamentary health and wellbeing service offers direct psychological support for Members, such as counselling and a confidential helpline, and assistance to family members who live with a Member of Parliament.
Occupational health experts in the team are always on hand to support Members who might be subject to threat.
While we do not discuss security measures on the Floor of the House, I confirm that the Parliamentary Security Department supports Members with a range of other processes, which are kept under continuous review.
I shall briefly cover those, Mr Speaker, and then come to a close.
It provides protection at Members’ homes and constituency offices, and can provide security operatives for constituency surgeries and Members’ other parliamentary duties off the estate.
It gives Members tailored advice for their individual circumstances.
That includes security and situational awareness training, which is available to all MPs, their families, and staff.
Members can access hands-on cyber-security advice for their personal mobile phones.
A team monitors social media and other open-source sites for threats to Parliament or Members.
As a member of the consultative panel on parliamentary security, this cause is close to my heart and I will continue to champion it as a member of the House of Commons Commission.
Some Members of the House will know that I had a death threat.
A gentleman was arrested and went into a mental institution.
When he was released, the House authorities and the Met police met me and said, “This gentleman is now out and he knows where you live.”
I listened very intently to what the hon.
Gentleman said, but that was the last I heard.
I am a person who watches where he walks and does not stand by the side of the platform on the tube.
I alter my way of coming into the House.
It is very stressful.
I have to say that in all that has been said by the hon.
Gentleman— I know that he believes it and is passionate about it—there does not feel like there is very much for those on the receiving end.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for giving me advance notice of his question.