I note his point about an oral statement.
As I say, I am always keen to give such statements whenever possible, and to be interrogated on our plans.
I do not think he will be disappointed by what we announce later today.
Now that the then permanent secretary has outlined that she did not implicitly or explicitly tell the then chairman of the Post Office to slow down compensation, I hope we can spend time less time talking about someone who has lost his job and more time talking about postmasters who have lost everything.
Will the Minister, who is doing great work in sorting this out, recommit to August as his target date for getting compensation—life-changing compensation —out of the door as soon as possible?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his work on this matter; as my predecessor, he did a tremendous job.
The most concerning allegation we heard over the  weekend was about the delay in the payment of compensation.
In her letter, which is publicly available, the permanent secretary wrote:
“It is not true that I made any instruction, either explicitly or implicitly.
In fact, no mention of delaying compensation appears in either note.”
So I agree with my hon.
Friend that we should move on from that and focus on what really matters, which is getting what he rightly described as life-changing compensation to postmasters as quickly as possible.
That is his, and will remain our, No.
1 priority.
I call the shadow Minister.
Let me first pay tribute to my right hon.
Friend  the Member for North Durham (Mr Jones)  for securing the urgent question, and indeed for all the work he has done over many years, along with other Members, in trying to secure justice for sub-postmasters.
The Post Office Horizon scandal is one of the most insidious injustices in our country’s history.
It has robbed innocent people of their livelihoods, their liberty and, all too sadly, their lives.
At least 60 sub-postmasters have died without seeing justice or receiving compensation, and at least four have taken their own lives.
More than 20 years on, the victims and their families are still suffering from the consequences and the trauma of all that they have been put through.
They have been trapped in a nightmare for too long.
We all want to see the exoneration of all who remain convicted, and the delivery of rightful compensation to all affected sub-postmasters, as quickly as possible.
Labour wants to see a swift and comprehensive solution to this insidious injustice, and we are willing to work with the Government to ensure that happens.
Will the Minister please provide an update on the timeline to which he is working to amend the seismic damage that this scandal has caused, and will he please give an assurance that he is acting with the appropriate speed that is required for necessary legislation to go through?
Victims have already waited too long for justice, and we must act now, with the speed and urgency that this awful scandal requires.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for the way in which he has approached this matter.
There was nothing in his remarks that I disagree with.
As I said earlier, 78% of claimants have received full and final compensation, but we fully share his wish, and that of his party, for a swift resolution and a swift end to this, and we have engaged significantly and extensively with his colleagues on the Front Bench.
As for how we overturn convictions, the measures that we are taking are clearly unprecedented, but this is an unprecedented situation.
The hon.
Gentleman asked about the timeline.
We have always said that it is weeks, but it is fewer weeks now than it was.
I do not think he will be disappointed— I said this to the right hon.
Member for North Durham as well—by what we will say, hopefully, later today, but this has taken too long.