We have always said that it is weeks, but it is fewer weeks now than it was.
I do not think he will be disappointed— I said this to the right hon.
Member for North Durham as well—by what we will say, hopefully, later today, but this has taken too long.
We are working daily to resolve these issues, and the overturning of convictions, the legislation and the compensation cannot come too quickly.
My hon.
Friend has done a great job, but I am conscious that there are still many people waiting to settle.
Much of  that is due to the fact that the Post Office is not releasing information that has been requested by my constituents or, indeed, their solicitors.
I hope that my hon.
Friend can put across to the chief executive of the Post Office how critical it is to regain trust by releasing that information, because I fear that other sub-postmasters, or people who might otherwise have been interested in dealing with the Post Office, will start either to move away or not to take up those business opportunities, which would also damage communities—and that is already happening in my constituency.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for her question and for making that point; she is absolutely right.
Disclosure both to the inquiry and on individual cases, which is required to be able to compile claims, has been too slow.
If Post Office Ltd and its management team are going to rebuild trusts with claimants and the wider public, it is absolutely incumbent on them that this is done properly and that the governance around it is done properly.
That is part of the reason why the Secretary of State acted as decisively as she did, but I absolutely concur with my right hon.
Friend.
Alongside her, I urge Post Office Ltd to deliver disclosure more quickly.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
Documents published this week by the BBC reveal that the Swift review, dated February 2016, noted that Post Office Ltd “had always known” about the balancing transaction capability that allowed transactions to be addended remotely, which is what happened.
The lawyers for Post Office Ltd did nothing about that, and many people still do not trust it.
A letter has been circulated, and  the right hon.
Member for North Durham (Mr Jones)  deserves all the praise we can give him today.
I have a copy of his memo, which says that anyone can write to him on any issue and get advice on how to pursue claims.
The Minister has given us a list of percentages and so on, but it is still not fast enough.
It is still not good enough, and one of the reasons is that Post Office Ltd is still not trusted; people want nothing to do with it.
I cannot fix that, but I do not think that the spat between the Secretary of State and Henry Staunton this week did anything to increase sub-postmasters’ confidence, and we really need to get this sorted.
Yes, the Horizon shortfall scheme has been well managed in some regards, and claims are going through and being paid, but how much is being paid?
So many sub-postmasters are getting derisory offers—not just people in the GLO scheme, but normal, everyday sub-postmasters who have been putting in money for years.
We need to get this sorted.
I appeal to all sub-postmasters affected to put in a claim.
I entirely agree with the hon.
Lady on that point and on a number of other points she raised, and I thank her again for the work she has done in this area for many years.
I, too, am concerned about some of the information that came to light this week, and the public inquiry is there to examine any allegations relating to who knew what and when.