The right hon.
Gentleman also knows very well how the General Synod of the Church of England works; it is a sovereign body.
It meets again this weekend.
Reconciling different viewpoints so that we can walk together is not easy, but we are committed to that.
I know that his words will have been heard and noted by members of the General Synod in advance of its debate.
The hon.
Member for Broxbourne, representing the House of Commons Commission, was asked—
If the Commission will take steps to increase the use of digital tools in parliamentary services to support the productivity of Members.
The Parliamentary Digital Service supports the Commission by delivering technology for Members, and tools are under constant development.
A range of productivity tools are already available to Members and their staff from Microsoft via the Parliamentary Digital Service.
They include Microsoft Forms, which helps with tasks such as collating constituents’ information.
Microsoft Planner can track workstreams in an MP’s office and is used by some offices to induct new staff. “
Bookings with me” can arrange one-to-one time with external guests, such constituents.
PDS independently investigates and works with Parliament’s suppliers to explore new technologies that could benefit MPs in their work.
The team welcomes volunteers from the Member community to pilot such services ahead of full roll-out.
As the Chair of the Administration Committee, I would be happy to arrange for the hon.
Lady to meet any relevant officials.
Like most Members, I receive hundreds of invitations every week, and much more spam.
It takes a member of my team hours—sometimes days—to go  through them all.
That is time that could be much better spent supporting constituents, particularly in a cost of living crisis.
There are digital tools that can help with that; none that the hon.
Gentleman mentioned will do so.
Microsoft recently demoed its Copilot tool, which uses artificial intelligence.
Other tools are available.
While there may be issues of privacy, security and bias with such tools, as with much AI, can he confirm that the Commission is looking specifically at AI tools to help us in our work for our constituents?
I can.
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right: there are security issues that need to be looked at closely, but I have an answer, specially prepared.
Copilot is Microsoft’s version of ChatGPT, a generative artificial intelligence service.
Now, this is the relevant bit: PDS has arranged a series of internal workshops with Parliament’s Microsoft partner to allow PDS staff to explore how this technology could be used in the parliamentary network.
The outcomes of those workshops will feed into Parliament’s overall AI strategy—I am nearly there, Mr Speaker.
I speak as the proud owner of a Nokia.
The recent and rapid development in artificial intelligence, especially generative AI, presents exciting opportunities.
The hon.
Member for South West Bedfordshire, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked—
What steps the Church is taking to support Anglican churches in countries listed in the World Watch List 2024.
Through the sister Churches of our communion and our linked missionary societies, the Church of England   continues to provide both prayerful support and practical assistance to all parts of the Anglican communion where freedom of religion or belief is threatened or impaired.
The Church works with our Government, other Governments around the world, and multilateral bodies such as the United Nations to advocate forcefully for freedom of religion or belief.
Following the implementation of much of the groundbreaking Truro review, the UK is now seen as a global leader on religious freedom.
However, sadly, persecution is exponentially increasing across the world, so we need to embed that work.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that, like Governments, religious leaders need to commit to strategic thinking, structural change and the provision of additional resources if together we are to effectively tackle this global scourge?
Indeed I do.
On embedding that work, it is good news that my hon.