I associate myself with the words of praise for the Minister’s speed and attention on this issue.
I think a legally binding instruction for the Post Office and the Department to deliver at speed is a necessity in the new Bill.
The Minister has told us today that about £160 million has been paid in compensation, but there is provision for about £1.2 billion, which means that only 13% of the money has been paid  out.
He updated the House on the number of claimants, and there were 555 people in the GLO group and 700 who were convicted.
As the Minister told us, only 73 people have had their final compensation fully paid, which is only 6% of the two groups.
The confusion at the beginning of the week about who said what to whom shows there is confusion about the instruction to deliver at speed.
When the Bill comes before us, will the Minister reflect on the necessity for a legally binding deadline under which the Post Office must make information available in 20 to 30 days and an offer must be made to settle within 20 to 30 days, with a legally binding deadline for final resolution?
Otherwise, frankly, I worry that the ambiguity will still cause delays.
He knows as well as I do that justice delayed is justice denied.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for paying regular attention to this issue.
I know that the Committee has a session next week and will be asking some of those questions.
We are keen to get compensation to victims as soon as possible.
We are somewhat at the mercy of claims, and we cannot offer compensation if claims do not come in.
Like others, I am very keen for people to come forward to submit a claim.
One of the reasons why we put forward the fixed-sum awards of £600,000 for overturned convictions and £75,000 for members of the GLO scheme is to try to accelerate the payment of compensation, which contradicts the claim that people are trying to slow things down.
I am meeting the Horizon compensation advisory board this afternoon to look at its recommendations for accelerating compensation.
We have taken nothing off the table, and I remind the right hon.
Gentleman that the House recently voted to extend the compensation deadline from  4 August , on the recommendation of Sir Wyn Williams, because we do not want people to be timed out of compensation.
The maximum budget for compensation has, thus far, been set at £1 billion.
One of the issues we are trying to resolve urgently is the fact that people are reluctant to come forward to have their convictions overturned by the Court of Appeal, which is one of the reasons why we have not compensated enough people with convictions.
We cannot compensate them until we overturn their convictions, which is exactly why we have proposed the legislation.
Once we have done that, the door will be opened for compensation to flow freely.
That is exactly what the right hon.
Gentleman and I want to see.
There has never been any confusion in our mind about the need to deliver this quickly.
I have focused on that every single day, both since I have been in office and before.
I have never been resisted by anyone in my Department or in other parts of Government.
There may be confusion, but I promise that there has been no confusion in Government.
I add my thanks to the Minister for his work in helping me to advise my constituents who have come forward asking many questions about the situation that they found themselves in.
I am very pleased that the Government are working to compensate postmasters who were convicted in a court of law, but there are many individuals who worked for the Post Office and faced disciplinary  proceedings who did not end up in court.