North Norfolk has a significant number of holiday lets, Airbnbs and the like.
I am glad that the Minister says the Government will look at this in moderation because, in life, too much of anything is sometimes a bad thing.
There is a difference, a nuance, between a person who rents out a room in their home via Airbnb to earn some extra income and whole streets and areas being turned into holiday lets.
Can the Minister assure me that we will properly consider the nuances?
I can provide my hon.
Friend with that assurance.
We are aware that the proliferation of short-term lets has caused real concern in communities such as his.
We do not want to clamp down in a way that will make life difficult for people who rent out their rooms on a very irregular basis, but as he said, when whole streets are causing a problem, we think the most important thing is that we get an understanding of the scale of the problem.
Our scheme is designed to give us that data and the next steps can be taken after that.
I call Bob Blackman—not here.
Cambridge has long suffered from the antisocial behaviour problems associated with short-term lets and Cambridge City Council has long asked for action, so I welcome this long overdue announcement.
Will the Minister say more about enforcement and the resources that are needed for councils to enforce, so that we can actually deal with the antisocial behaviour problems that, sadly, too often come with short-term lets?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising the issues in Cambridge city, and I appreciate that in a city such as that that there will have been significant problems in this area.
He may be aware that this was a joint announcement with the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities.
We are there to put the mandatory register together, which gives us the data that local authorities can use, but it will be for DLUHC to look at the some of the powers that can be implemented to deal with the antisocial behaviour problems that the hon.
Gentleman cites.
I thank the Minister for those answers.
Tourism and short-term lets are very important to my constituency, and I understand the issues clearly.
There are benefits—it is not all negatives—and it is important that the positives are marked up as well.
Let me ask her a simple question: now that we have a reactivated Northern Ireland Assembly on the go and working hard—[Interruption.]—will she share some of her ideas on this issue with it, and in particular, with the council in my Strangford constituency?
I thank the hon.
Member for his question, but unfortunately, on the point of substance, somebody coughed and I slightly missed the key point—I apologise.
I think he asked about sharing expertise with Northern Ireland.
We will be happy to do so, because it is important to learn the lessons of how these issues are being addressed across the country.
In Labour-run Wales, there is a real mess over how to deal with the issue of holiday accommodation, and the situation is similar in Scotland.
We want to learn those lessons for the English scheme and we will be happy to share the lessons with Northern Ireland.
What progress her Department has made on responding to the consultations on the gambling White Paper.
The Government launched three consultations following the gambling White Paper.
We are considering all the evidence that was received and will publish the Government response soon.
Our response to the consultation on the introduction of the online slots limit is due to be published imminently, and we are on track for implementation of the recommendations by the summer.