Gentleman— I know that he believes it and is passionate about it—there does not feel like there is very much for those on the receiving end.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for giving me advance notice of his question.
I am so sorry that he has experienced this after giving more than 40 years of service to this Parliament and this country.
I will endeavour to meet him next week with security officials to go through his concerns one by one.
I hope to see him at a meeting next week if he is free.
The hon.
Member for South West Bedfordshire, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked—
Whether the commissioners have issued recent guidance to church parishes on securing buildings to prevent theft.
Whether the Commissioners have issued recent guidance to church parishes on securing buildings to help prevent theft.
Before I reply to my hon.
Friend the Member for Buckingham, may I pass on my condolences, and I am sure those of the whole House, to the family and friends of Alan Wilson, the Bishop of Buckingham, who died suddenly last Saturday?
There is comprehensive advice to all parishes on the Church of England website about how to keep buildings secure, which we regularly update.
All buildings used for religious worship are also eligible for the Home Office’s hate crime protection scheme.
I join my hon.
Friend in passing on my condolences to the family of the late Bishop of Buckingham.
Vicars tell me that theft from churches is a continuing problem in my constituency and that the insurance sector is now demanding that churches must be locked unless someone from the church is present inside.
That clearly creates a big challenge for those wanting a moment of quiet prayer or reflection or to just enjoy the beauty of our historic churches.
Can my hon.
Friend tell me what the Church Commissioners are doing with the insurance sector to ensure that our churches can remain, while secure, open for quiet prayer and reflection?
I am sorry to learn of the experience in my hon.
Friend’s constituency, and I can tell him that he is completely right about the importance of keeping churches open for those who want to come.
The good news is that keeping churches open increases footfall, and that deters criminals.
Locking up churches is a poor deterrent to thieves.
I can also tell him that funding for roof alarms was provided by the diocese of Oxford back in 2019, when there was a spate of thefts from church roofs in his area.
I encourage churches in his constituency to contact the diocese again to see whether that might be made available.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his answers thus far.
He will recall that I have previously asked at Church Commissioners questions about thefts from churches in my constituency and neighbouring constituencies, St John’s and St Andrew’s.
At St Andrew’s, the theft took place during the mass, which is outrageous, to put it mildly.
In my view, the Church Commissioners are not listening to the police’s advice and support.
What needs to happen is for churches to get at least the same support and assistance from the police as other places of worship.
Will he use his good offices to go back to the Church of England and ensure dialogue between the police and the Church to protect our churches as places of worship?
I am sorry to learn of my hon.
Friend’s concerns.
I will certainly feed that straight back to the hierarchy of the Church and ensure that those meetings happen.
However, I am pleased to tell him that following his question to me on this issue last month, the police have arrested a suspect for a series of church burglaries in Barnet, Brent and Harrow, and he is remanded in custody.