I entirely agree with the hon.
Lady on that point and on a number of other points she raised, and I thank her again for the work she has done in this area for many years.
I, too, am concerned about some of the information that came to light this week, and the public inquiry is there to examine any allegations relating to who knew what and when.
It would be wrong of us to duplicate the inquiry’s efforts, because it is a public inquiry that has the powers to summon witnesses to give evidence and to carry out other forms of evidence gathering, which is the right way to do this.
I agree with the hon.
Lady that compensation cannot come fast enough and that Post Office Ltd has to rebuild trust not just with the wider public; key to this are the postmasters.
Yes, of course we want to make sure that people get fair compensation.
May I point gently to the performance so far of the group litigation order scheme?
Fifty-eight full claims have been received, 48 offers have been made and 41 have been accepted without going to the next level, which is the independent panel.
That tends to indicate that those offers are fair, because people have recourse to the appeal process.
I am aware of one or two high-profile cases where people say they have not been offered a fair amount.
I cannot talk about individual cases, but we urge any of those individuals to go to the next stage of the process, which is the independent panel.
The whole scheme is overseen by Sir Ross Cranston, who has a very good reputation both in this House and further afield.
We absolutely believe that the process will offer fair compensation, but we urge people to return to the table and ensure that their claim is properly considered by all means available.
I thank my hon.
Friend for all the work he has done on this issue—not only on the Front Bench, but on the Back Benches.
No amount of compensation can compensate the victims of this complete scandal.
However, it does help, and speeding up the process is obviously important.
Will he, during the passage of the legislation that the Government have promised to introduce, ensure that innocent victims are not only compensated, but completely exonerated?
In their communities, they have suffered the stigma attached to all this, and they need to have their names cleared and their reputations restored.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his regular contributions on this subject, which he frequently raised prior to the ITV series.
I appreciate his work.
My hon.
Friend is right to say that no amount of compensation can make up for what happened to many people’s lives.
We want all the innocent people to be exonerated.
We know there is nervousness, with some victims not trusting the process—they have simply had enough.
We met Howe & Co., one of the solicitors, to talk about this issue yesterday, and its contention is that around 40% of the people who received a letter saying, “We will not oppose an appeal,” still will not come forward.
We need a process that does not require people to come forward if we are to have a mass exoneration of those affected by this horrendous scandal.
We hope to announce that later today.
I call the Chair of the Business and Trade Committee.
I associate myself with the words of praise for the Minister’s speed and attention on this issue.
I think a legally binding instruction for the Post Office and the Department to deliver at speed is a necessity in the new Bill.
The Minister has told us today that about £160 million has been paid in compensation, but there is provision for about £1.2 billion, which means that only 13% of the money has been paid  out.