Coverage of yesterday’s Commons chaos showed how desperately we need good-quality journalism, so I am concerned about BBC Scotland’s request to Ofcom for a reduction in its broadcast news output, especially the loss of “The Nine”.
BBC Scotland’s TV news had something of a couthie image until “The Nine” came along, placing Scottish news in the context of UK and international news.
It was a compromise offering for those who wanted a “Scottish Six” on BBC 1.
Although “The Nine” created a pathway for young talent, I said at the time that its slot—tucked away on a channel that many struggled to find—could be its undoing, and now it has been pulled.
In an election year, we need more scrutiny of politicians, not less, and the need for a properly resourced “Scottish Six” remains.
I hope Ofcom will say no to the proposals, and I know that the Cabinet Secretary for culture, Angus Robertson, opposes the reduction in news output.
Does the Minister?
I am aware that the BBC is looking at changing its programme mix in relation to news in Scotland.
My understanding was that those changes were cost-neutral, but I hear what the hon.
Gentleman says and appreciate that he has concerns about them.
He will be aware that we do not hold direct power over the BBC’s programming mix.
I am sure that the director general has heard his concerns.
As I say, I think the BBC is still investing in quality news content in Scotland, but it may be that the mix is changing, and the hon.
Gentleman is clearly unhappy about that.
Cheadle Town FC have been a member of the north west counties football league since 1983.
However, the oversubscribed division leaves Cheadle Town and other south Manchester clubs at risk of being moved laterally into a midlands division, meaning a significant increase in the club’s travel costs and an impact on gates, breaking their identity as a northern club, and challenging their future viability.
I have met the Football Association and raised the club’s concerns.
Will my right hon.
and learned Friend join me in urging the FA to review its processes and listen to south Manchester clubs that want to keep their teams northern?
My hon.
Friend is a massive champion for her area—she has previously raised this issue with me and with the sport Minister.
As she rightly recognised, levels five to 10 of the English football league system are administered by the FA, and decisions regarding which league a team plays in at those levels are for the FA in its role as governing body.
I am sure the FA is listening to my hon.
Friend’s concerns and will have heard her plea this morning.
I call the shadow Minister.
This week in the House, I raised with the Economic Secretary to the Treasury the fact that serious delays in His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs issuing A1 forms mean that touring musicians are waiting months to be paid.
A1 forms ensure that musicians do not have to pay additional tax when touring in the EU, but some musicians are waiting six to nine months, or even a year, for those forms.
One leading singer told me that musicians feel like “hostages” of HMRC incompetence, so what is the Secretary of State doing alongside Treasury Ministers to sort out this mess, which is hitting UK musicians so hard?
I recognise the importance of touring to many of our fantastic industries.
We have bilateral agreements with many other countries to ensure that touring can take place, but I will continue to ensure that as a Government, we take every step across the board to make sure that our musicians can tour appropriately.
What assessment has the Minister made of the BBC’s proposals to launch four new national music radio stations and to relaunch an existing station, Radio 5 Sports Extra?