Friend’s concerns.
I will certainly feed that straight back to the hierarchy of the Church and ensure that those meetings happen.
However, I am pleased to tell him that following his question to me on this issue last month, the police have arrested a suspect for a series of church burglaries in Barnet, Brent and Harrow, and he is remanded in custody.
I have been told that the Metropolitan police is in close contact with the diocese of London and local churches, but there clearly needs to be more dialogue.
I will ensure that that happens.
I recently had the pleasure of visiting the Holy Trinity church at Dunkeswell, which sits on the site of the Cistercian  Dunkeswell abbey in my constituency.
Visiting it is a moving, spiritual experience.
Given that some sites such as that are in rural, remote areas where there will simply never be the footfall that the hon.
Member describes, can he assure us that we can continue to keep them open in spite of any threat of theft?
I completely understand the hon.
Gentleman’s point.
Like him, I am a lover of our rural churches.
I suggest that he points the churchwardens and the priest to the comprehensive advice on the Church of England website and perhaps has further conversations with the diocese and local police.
If there are still issues, I ask him to come back to me about that.
I thank the Second Church Estates Commissioner for that answer.
We live in an age where modern technology is available as a method of addressing these issues but is incredibly expensive.
What funds are issued to us in Northern Ireland through Barnett consequentials to ensure that churches can adequately secure buildings with security cameras and CCTV?
If there is currently no funding, could that be considered when we take into account the rural and isolated status of so many church buildings?
I am sorry to tell the hon.
Gentleman that, as far as I am aware, this area is not covered by Barnett consequentials.
Again, I direct him to the advice on the Church of England website, which can be seen by churches in Northern Ireland.
If there are particular issues, I am happy to have a quiet conversation with him in the Tea Room to see how we can share best practice to try to help his churches.
If the Church will have discussions with the Secretary of State for the Home Department on the Church’s guidance for clergy on supporting asylum seekers.
Whether the Church provides training for clergy on supporting asylum seekers wishing to convert to Christianity.
What guidance the Church issues for clergy on supporting asylum seekers wishing to convert to Christianity.
Both archbishops have offered to meet the Home Secretary, and the Church has provided advice and guidance for clergy to consider when dealing with requests for baptism from asylum seekers.
The guidance refers to the need for discernment and recognises that there may be mixed motives on the part of asylum seekers requesting baptism.
I welcome that meeting.
Those who are genuinely seeking to convert to Christianity should of course be allowed to do so.
But is my hon.
Friend aware that there is growing concern in this country that the Church of England—naively at best, and deliberately at worst—is being seen to aid and abet asylum seekers in getting around the laws of this country and remaining in the United Kingdom?
May I urge the Church of  England to update its guidance entitled “Supporting Asylum Seekers—Guidance for Church of England Clergy” as soon as possible to ensure that it is in alignment with new legislation passed in this House?
That guidance is being updated, so I can reassure my hon.
Friend on that point.
He is right that clergy will always rightly tell everyone they come across about the love of Jesus, but clergy do not determine asylum claims.