Member made.
Does my right hon.
and learned Friend agree that individual sports clubs have a role to play in providing youth services?
In that respect, can I thank the Government for funding Lichfield sports club and Chasetown football club, which have both received grants for the work they do—grants that reach up to £2.5 million?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
He is a fabulous champion for Lichfield, and I am pleased that young people in Lichfield are getting the benefit of Government funding.
The Government’s promise to protect music creators from the potential negative impacts of artificial intelligence relied on a deal between tech companies and the music industry.
However, it emerged earlier this month that those discussions have collapsed.
Will the Secretary of State admit that their plan has failed, and say what the Government are going to do about it to support the creative sector?
I wish Labour Members would actually read our White Paper on AI, because in that paper we recognise the importance of this issue and the importance of protecting the creative industries.
The White Paper sets out what we are doing about transparency, which is a key issue.
We are of course continuing to work with both sides of the industry—the AI tech giants and the creators—to ensure we come to an appropriate resolution of this issue.
I refer Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Will the Minister please update us on the independent regulator, and can he quite literally get the ball rolling to get this Bill in front of the House?
My hon.
Friend has been a doughty campaigner when it comes to the issue of football regulation, and it was good for me—
She didn’t say that.
Do you know, I was told that the hon.
Gentleman is a difficult man to ignore, but it is always worth trying.
Try harder!
I am, don’t you worry.
Order.
Maybe you can carry on that conversation afterwards.
My hon.
Friend has done a lot of work in this area.
We are absolutely committed to introducing the recommendations of the White Paper, which we have published, and a Bill will be published shortly.
The chair of Girlguiding UK has recently informed me that with Government funding, Girlguiding can at least be sustained in three overseas military bases.
Will the Minister update me on his discussions to ensure that girls living on UK overseas military bases can continue to access Girlguiding?
I know the hon.
Lady has done a lot of work in this area, and we had a good Westminster Hall debate on this.
Girlguiding is an independent organisation, and must make its own organisational and directional decisions.
The Department is working closely with the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office, the Ministry of Defence, Girlguiding, and representatives from overseas territories to see whether we can come up with a solution.
What are the Government doing to promote facilities for padel tennis?
We work closely with national governing bodies such as the Lawn Tennis Association.
It has done amazing work training 17,000 teachers across the country to teach tennis, padel tennis and so on.
I went to see it myself recently at the national centre—[Interruption.]
I am not doing very well here, I know that, but my hon.
Friend raises an important point, and I will continue to raise it with the national governing body in due course.
There have been a number of late postponements of football matches recently, causing massive inconvenience and putting many fans, including Barnsley football club fans, seriously out of pocket.
I have suggested to the English Football League that it adopts a postponement promise that would stop that from happening.
Will the Minister work with me on that?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point, and I have heard that from fans in my constituency.