There may be confusion, but I promise that there has been no confusion in Government.
I add my thanks to the Minister for his work in helping me to advise my constituents who have come forward asking many questions about the situation that they found themselves in.
I am very pleased that the Government are working to compensate postmasters who were convicted in a court of law, but there are many individuals who worked for the Post Office and faced disciplinary  proceedings who did not end up in court.
However, their professional reputations were trashed, they had no ability to find jobs when they were dismissed, and they were significantly out of pocket.
The Post Office must know whom it disciplined; it must have records through the disciplinary procedure.
Will the Minister outline what steps the Post Office has taken to contact those individuals so that they can get the compensation that they rightly deserve?
I thank my hon.
Friend for so ably representing his constituents who have fallen victim to this scandal.
People do not need to have gone before a court of law to be compensated.
A postmaster with a contract with the Post Office can access either the Horizon shortfall scheme or the GLO.
A prosecution of any form is not required to be able to claim through those schemes.
I think he raises a point about somebody who worked for a postmaster or for the Post Office.
That is separate and I am very happy to talk to him about that point, which has been raised by a number of Members.
The Post Office would not necessarily know whether a postmaster who is working independently and runs an independent business had disciplined their members of staff, so it might not be as straightforward as he sets out.
Nevertheless, I am happy to engage with him on that.
The problem for many sub-postmasters and sub-postmistresses is the quantification of what they are due to be repaid under the shortfall scheme, because payments were made out of their own pocket on several occasions over a long period.
It is difficult in those circumstances for the claimants to know that they have been properly compensated, because the Post Office cannot tell them how much it should be repaying.
To take a step back, is it not apparent that we cannot continue to leave the Post Office to mark its own homework and that the independent elements of scrutiny need to be strengthened?
Somebody independent of Government and the Post Office must be put in charge of not just sorting this out, but doing so at speed.
I agree with the right hon.
Member’s points, and he is right that quantification is very difficult.
These situations are complex.
It is about not just financial loss, but the personal impact, including the impact on mental health, physical health, reputation—all those things.
In those situations, we should give the claimant the benefit of the doubt where this cannot be evidenced.
In many cases, the records are no longer available.
We have independent people in all parts of the process.
Members of the Horizon shortfall scheme include eminent KCs, such as Lord Garnier from the other place.
We have Sir Ross Cranston overseeing the GLO scheme, and in the overturned convictions scheme, we have Sir Gary Hickinbottom—they are eminent retired High Court judges.
I have great faith in their holding our feet to the fire and getting the right quantum of compensation to the right people at the right time.
Indeed, the Horizon compensation advisory board, with  the right hon.
Member for North Durham (Mr Jones)  and Lord Arbuthnot, is also holding our feet to the fire, making sure that we do the right thing and deliver the right amounts of compensation.
I will meet it again later today.