Friend agree that, like Governments, religious leaders need to commit to strategic thinking, structural change and the provision of additional resources if together we are to effectively tackle this global scourge?
Indeed I do.
On embedding that work, it is good news that my hon.
Friend’s International Freedom of Religion or Belief Bill had a successful Second Reading in this House on  26 January , and that it goes to Committee in April.
I am glad that the Bill is strongly supported by the Foreign Secretary, and that the Bishop of Winchester has offered to take it forward in the other place; of course, he was the person who wrote the original report.
However, my hon.
Friend’s challenge is fair.
As our Government step up on this global challenge, the Church of England and the Anglican communion need to as well.
I will pass her remarks back to Lambeth Palace.
That completes the questions, but I would like to answer Sir Charles.
The security of all Members really matters.
It is taken very seriously in this House.
Work is ongoing, and I am having serious conversations about what we do going forward.
I can tell you that we have some of the best people working on it, and I would like to thank them for what they do.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Business and Trade if she will make a statement on financial redress for sub-postmasters and outstanding issues relating to the Post Office Horizon scandal.
As a Back Bencher, I first spoke on the matter of compensation for victims in March 2020, which is obviously long after the right hon.
Gentleman first campaigned for it.
I pay tribute to his campaigning on this subject, which remains undiminished.
My appetite for compensation for postmasters is equally undiminished, although I accept the need to increase the pace of delivery.
As of this month, £160 million has been paid in financial redress to more than 2,700 victims affected by the Horizon scandal.
More than 78% of eligible full claims received have been settled as follows: 102 convictions have been overturned, and 42 full claims have been submitted, of which 32 have been settled; 2,793 applications to the Horizon shortfall scheme have been received, and 2,197 have been settled; 58 full claims have been submitted to the group litigation order scheme, and 41 have been settled.
Our top priority remains ensuring that victims can access swift and fair compensation.
We have introduced optional fixed-sum awards of £600,000 for victims with overturned convictions and of £75,000 for group litigation order members as a swift means of settlement, and 100% of original applicants to the Horizon shortfall scheme have received offers of compensation.
Today we are discussing what other measures can be taken to speed up compensation with the Horizon compensation advisory board, on which the right hon.
Gentleman sits.
Since the Prime Minister’s announcement on  10 January , officials in the Department for Business and Trade and the Ministry of Justice have been working at pace to progress legislation for overturning convictions related to the Post Office’s prosecutorial behaviour and Horizon evidence.
I will provide a further update to the House very soon.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for granting the urgent question.
I draw the attention of the House to my interest as a member of the Horizon compensation advisory board.
I like the Minister.
He campaigned on this issue before he was a Minister, and he has been a very good Minister, but a lot of that good work was undone on Monday by the performance of the Secretary of State for Business and Trade.
I am disappointed that he has not taken the opportunity today to talk about the overturned convictions.
I understand that later today, at 12 o’clock, there will be a written ministerial statement on the subject.