Friend agree that that is a shameful way to treat people who have served and given so much to our country?
I agree.
I am afraid that when it comes to serving personnel and veterans, there is a gulf between what the Government say and promise and what they do; that is not the only example.
One thing not in the Government’s amendment to Labour’s motion is a pledge to protect the NHS dentistry budget.
That is odd, because the Prime Minister promised to do exactly that 18 months ago.
The truth is that the Prime Minister broke that pledge in November when he gave the go-ahead for dentistry underspends to be raided, effectively waving the white flag on the future of the service.
Can you believe it?
Despite everything we have heard, there are dentistry underspends, and the Prime Minister thinks that other things are greater priorities than this crisis.
The consequences of that decision are now being felt.
The budget in some areas of the country is running out and dentists are having to stop NHS work for the remainder of the year.
It is so deeply frustrating.
NHS dentists want to do more NHS work; it is the Government who are standing in their way.
The Nuffield Trust’s stark report into the crisis suggested that NHS  dentistry may have to be scaled back and made available only to the least well-off.
Such an approach would be the end of NHS dentistry as a universal public service, yet that is exactly the approach that the Government are piloting in Cornwall.
Children, the over-80s and those with specific health needs are given treatment; everyone else has to go private or go without.
They will not admit it, but this is the future under the Tories: further neglect, decline and patients made to go without.
Worse still, NHS dentistry is the ghost of Christmas yet to come under the Tories.
That is not partisan overreaction on our part; that is according to the lead author of the Nuffield Trust’s report.
He wrote:
“For the wider health system, the lessons are troubling: without political honesty and a clear strategy, the same long-term slide from aspiration to reality could happen in other areas of primary care too.”
What has happened to NHS dentistry under the Tories is coming to the rest of the NHS if they are given another five years.
That is not the continuity that the country is looking for—it is looking for change with Labour.
My Bath constituency is also described as an NHS dental desert.
The only option for people is to go private.
The hon.
Member has already said that it is Dickensian.
Does he agree that it is not just a health problem but an equalities issue that the Government fail to recognise?
I totally agree.
In fact, Claire Hazelgrove, Labour’s candidate in Filton and Bradley Stoke—next-door to the forthcoming by-election—was telling me about problems in her constituency and that exact challenge of people being left without or having to go private.
One patient told her that her dental practice was now only seeing private patients.
That same patient cares for her 84-year-old dad with dementia, who needed a tooth removal to allow him to eat.
His appointment was also cancelled.
That is what is happening before our eyes.
What of those who cannot afford it?
Anna Dixon, Labour’s candidate in Shipley, told me of a woman in her town who had been turned away as an NHS patient and could not afford to go private.
She was struggling with pain, it was affecting her eating, and she was at her wits’ end.
With the Tories, if you have not got the money, you have not got the care.
As a neighbouring MP, I thank my hon.
Friend for mentioning Claire Hazelgrove, our candidate in Filton and Bradley Stoke, who is doing tremendous work on this.