They are all dedicated to ensuring that every child has the right support in their time of need.
The Bill would be a significant step towards achieving that.
Question put and agreed to.
Ordered,
That Munira Wilson, Ed Davey, Daisy Cooper, Helen Morgan, Layla Moran, Sarah Dyke, Richard Foord, Sarah Green, Sarah Olney, Tim Farron and Wera Hobhouse present the Bill.
Munira Wilson accordingly presented the Bill.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 21 June , and to be printed (Bill 75).
I inform the House that I have selected the amendment in the name of the Prime Minister.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I beg to move,
That this House recognises that NHS dentistry is in crisis, with eight in 10 dentists in England not taking on new NHS patients and vast parts of the country considered so-called dental deserts, where no dentists are available; regrets that this has led to people resorting to DIY dentistry or attending A&E to access urgent care; is concerned that tooth decay is the most common reason children aged six to 10 are admitted to hospital; and therefore calls on the Government to provide an extra 700,000 urgent appointments a year, introduce an incentive scheme to recruit new dentists to the areas most in need and a targeted supervised toothbrushing scheme for three to five year-olds to promote good oral health and reform the dental contract to rebuild the service in the long-run.
Happy new year, Mr Speaker.
After 14 years of Conservative neglect and mismanagement,
“NHS dentistry in England is at its most perilous point in its 75-year history.”
That is the conclusion of the Nuffield Trust think-thank, and who can blame it?
Eight in 10 NHS dentists no longer take new patients.
According to the NHS, no dentist is taking on new adult patients in entire constituencies such as Broxtowe, Bolsover, Stoke-on-Trent South and Stroud.
Five million patients tried but failed to get an appointment in the past two years.
Millions more needed dental care but did not bother trying to book an appointment because they knew it would be impossible.
Tooth decay is now the No.
1 reason why children aged six to 10 end up in hospital.
We face the moral outrage of one in 10 Brits saying that they have been forced to attempt dentistry themselves because the NHS was not there for them when they needed it.
This is Dickensian—DIY dentistry in 21st-century Britain.
Is there any greater example of the decline that this country has been subjected to under the Conservatives?
May I add Rotherham to the list that my hon.
Friend is quoting?
To give an example, one of my constituents has been trying for more than a year to register with an NHS dentist.
He has now had to go private for the consultation, which said:
“Your teeth are in a very poor condition with most of your remaining teeth decayed and unsaveable.
All your teeth except 2 …need extracting.”
He has been living for more than a year on painkillers and soup.
I have raised this with the Minister and got no satisfaction.
This is what Tory Britain is doing to dentistry.
I totally agree with my hon.
Friend.
We have heard so many heartbreaking stories like the one she mentions from her constituency.
A service that once was there for all of us when we needed it is almost gone for good.
Will the hon.
Gentleman give way?
I will, so that the hon.
Gentleman can explain why that is the case.
Is there any greater landmine of a Labour legacy than the 2006 contract that it designed, which is pulling us down?
Labour Members need look no further than their own designs on the NHS.
We are sorting out their mess.
The sound you can hear, Mr Speaker, is the scraping of the barrel.
How has the hon.