Early intervention is crucial.
Research tells us that half of all lifetime mental health disorders start before the age of 14.
Stepping in as soon as warning signs start to show can often help to prevent conditions from becoming more severe.
When Nicole, now aged 19, was struggling with her mental health, she had to wait a very long time before she could access any support.
Describing that time, she said:
“Waiting for suitable mental health support meant that my whole life felt like it was paused and erased…I was left without suitable support and my mental health left to deteriorate.”
This story is not unique, nor is it unusual.
I know that colleagues across the Chamber are aware of many similar stories in their own constituencies.
The state of our children and young people’s mental health is a significant and urgent challenge facing our country and, frankly, this Government are not taking it seriously enough.
In December 2021, the Health and Social Care Committee warned that the combination of unmet need before the pandemic and additional needs created by the pandemic were significant.
It said that the Government’s plans
“are simply not sufficient for the task at hand.”
In the two years since, there is no indication that their approach has improved.
Last month, when I asked the mental health Minister,  the hon.
Member for Lewes (Maria Caulfield) , in a written question what proportion of mental health funding had been allocated to children and young people, I received an answer that such funds are not “separately identifiable.”
How can a Government begin to take a problem seriously when they do not even know how much money they are spending on it?
Sadly, in the eyes of the Treasury children and young people are too often seen as a financial burden and a drain on Government resources, and that is just wrong.
Spending on education and services to support our children is an investment in their future and our country’s future, and it is time that the Government recognised that.
The introduction of mental health support teams has been an encouraging step forward, but they are under-resourced and overstretched.
Last year, I visited Carshalton Boys Sports College.
I met MHST staff as well as some of the pupils they were supporting.
The boys talked about how the team had helped them to learn coping techniques for anxiety and how to identify the techniques that work for them.
The staff mentioned how important it was that they could intervene early before things escalate and children need other services, such as child and adolescent mental health services, but what struck me was that the team was stretched thinly across many local primary and secondary schools, which meant that their valuable skills and service were available only for half a day to one day per week in each school.
Furthermore, research by the Liberal Democrats revealed that by the end of this year half of secondary schools and three quarters of all primary schools in England will still have no access at all to mental health support teams.
Instead, the role of supporting children’s mental ill health falls on teachers, who are already managing a heavy workload at the same time as contending with extremely overstretched budgets.
With many schools struggling to afford the basics, sadly some of those that have found their own money for mental health support are being forced to cut back, which is why schools must not have to fund the provision themselves.
My Bill makes it clear that funding needs to be made available for the proposed statutory duty for all state schools.
Using the “polluter pays” principle, Liberal Democrats have proposed funding mental health practitioners through tripling the digital services tax on our big social media companies, given the harm that they have contributed to our children’s mental health.