This is an important point: the sentencing levels are much higher—up by 30% compared with 2010.
I draw the attention of the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests in that my wife is an education lawyer.
Parents appealing decisions in relation to education, health and care plans and health needs are forced to wait between nine months and 13 months from appeal registration to hearing.
That is far too long in terms of a child’s development.
Does my hon.
Friend agree with that?
Does he also share my concern that some schools are delaying providing education, health and care plans in the knowledge that it will take a year or more to have an appeal?
My right hon.
Friend is right.
Despite special educational needs and disabilities appeals and disposals being up by 24% and 29% respectively, I do share his concerns, and systematic reform is required.
That is why through the SEND and alternative provision improvement plan, the Department for Education and ourselves will be working hard to ensure that it is improved.
I am more than happy to meet my right hon.
Friend to go through the details.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Children’s Commissioner’s report on family contact in the youth estate states that at the weekend, in two young offenders institutes, boys spent only up to one hour outside their cell each day.
We can clearly see why that has led to an increase in violence.
What is the Minister going to do about it?
It is important to note that, since 2010 when we came into power, the number of under-18s in custody has dropped dramatically.
The cohort now in young offenders institutes is, to put it politely, highly complex.
We take that extremely seriously and want to ensure there are sufficient staff.
We do not give up on people, but it is important to recognise that that cohort will have been convicted of extremely serious offences, and we want to ensure there are sufficient resources to try to get the best out of them.
I recently met the senior coroner for my area about concerns over health services in north Wales and to discuss preventable deaths.
As part of that work, he pointed me towards the Preventable Deaths Tracker, set up by Dr Georgia Richards in Oxford.
Will the Secretary of State commit to meeting Dr Richards and me to discuss the potential benefits of the tracker?
My hon.
Friend makes a great point.
My officials have already met Dr Richards to discuss her work on the tracker and, together with the Chief Coroner’s office, we are exploring with her team how best to share the tracker on the various websites.
However, I am more than happy to meet with my hon.
Friend and Dr Richards to discuss how we can work together.
Numerous studies have found that the numbers of minoritised and migrant women being held on remand are disproportionately high.
For example, 10% of female black and Asian defendants were remanded in custody   by magistrates courts, compared with 7% of white women.
What steps are the Government taking to address those clear inequalities in the use of remand?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady; she will be aware of the work being done across the criminal justice system through both the race disparity review and the Lammy review in that context.
Decisions on remand are taken by the judiciary, so it would be wrong for me to comment on judicial decisions, but I am happy to meet her to discuss this further if that would be helpful, and so is the Minister for disparity in the justice system, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Finchley and Golders Green (Mike Freer) .
Can the Secretary of State confirm that the Director of Public Prosecutions could take over a private prosecution and discontinue it?
The Crown Prosecution Service can take over any criminal prosecution.