That Government cannot come soon enough.
My hon.
Friend is making an excellent speech.
Does he agree with me and my constituent in Crouch End who has not had a check-up since 2019 that the link between poor oral health and oral cancer is serious?
That could be contributing to the terrible problem we have with cancer waiting times.
I totally agree with my hon.
Friend.
Prevention is better than cure.
It is a truism, and it is also the foundation pillar of what would be Labour’s 10-year plan for reform and modernisation of our national health service.
A part of that plan is before the House today, and Government Members will have to explain to their constituents, only months, if not weeks away from a general election, why they are refusing to support it.
The Government’s amendment to the motion promises that the dental recovery plan is coming soon, but it was due last summer; now, they cannot put a date on when the plan will arrive, when it will be implemented or even say what it is.
Conservative Ministers have taken a look at the state of NHS dentistry, at the millions of people across the country who cannot get an appointment to see a dentist and at children in their own constituencies whose teeth are rotting, and their conclusion is: what is the rush?
Let me tell them why they should get their skates on.
A 17-year-old boy in Plymouth had to undergo emergency surgery on an abscess in his mouth last year.
He spent two months trying to book an NHS dentist—he  said that he was on hold for about three hours per day.
According to figures on the NHS website, no dentists are taking on new NHS patients in the Plymouth, Moor View constituency.
It was left too late, and when he finally got the healthcare he needed, he required emergency surgery, which has left him scarred for life.
In Worthing West, Labour’s candidate Dr Beccy Cooper told me of an 82-year-old great-grandfather on pension credit who told her that he will not be going back to an NHS dentist before he dies.
He tried to get an NHS dentist in Worthing, but no one will take him on the NHS to receive low-cost treatment.
Dr Beccy Cooper also tells me that residents who cannot get a dentist are being told to look for one in Hampshire, more than 60 miles away from where they live.
On that important point, a couple who moved into new housing in my constituency tried to get an NHS dentist for over a year without any success whatsoever.
They have got two options: they either go private or use their previous dentist, who is 20 miles away.
That is wholly unacceptable.
Will my hon.
Friend simply explain how Labour’s plan will eradicate this unacceptable issue?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
We will have: 700,000 appointments, making a difference straightaway; supervised toothbrushing for three to five-year-olds to reduce future demand on NHS services; and reform of the NHS dentistry contract so that we can rebuild an NHS dentistry service worthy of the name.
That change cannot come soon enough.
My constituent Amy has been in contact with me about the difficulties that she and her five children have had getting NHS dentist appointments.
She explained that her husband was in the military and therefore they had to move home frequently, and each time they moved they found it harder to get an NHS dentist.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that that is a shameful way to treat people who have served and given so much to our country?
I agree.
I am afraid that when it comes to serving personnel and veterans, there is a gulf between what the Government say and promise and what they do; that is not the only example.