We do not wish to bring forward legislation that will not be successful.
This is a matter of great importance to the general public, and we wish it to be successful.
I hope the House will understand why we have given it a heads-up of the business for next week.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
Normally business statements allow Back Benchers as well as Front Benchers to ask questions of the Leader of the House.
This is a difficult precedent because it does not give the Back Benchers a voice.
Saying that it is just a matter of convenience for amendments is not good enough when the Government are in charge of the business and could have done this in a more organised way to give everybody a say.
I think this is a deplorable development.
In general, I would expect the House business to be announced via a statement or in response to the business question.
It would of course be in order to ask questions about the timetabling of this business during Thursday’s business statement, but you have made the point and at least you have got it on the record.
Let us move on.
Motion for leave to bring in a Bill ( Standing Order No.
23 )
I beg to move,
That leave be given to bring in a Bill to make provision to require every school to have access to a qualified mental health professional; and for connected purposes.
Mr Speaker,
“He used to be such a lovely happy little boy and now he’s so sad.
I’m terrified for his future.
All I’ve ever wanted was to help my son and I’ve failed and fallen at every hurdle.”
Those are the anguished words of a constituent of mine who is mother to a nine-year-old.
Week in and week out, I speak to parents whose children are struggling with their mental health and struggling to access appropriate support.
When I speak to headteachers, they tell me that some of the most pressing challenges facing our education system come from outside the classroom, and mental health is among the biggest.
Teachers often feel as though they are the fourth emergency service, filling the gap left by under-resourced services across the country.
Let us be clear: mental health services for young people before the pandemic were inadequate.
Since the pandemic, despite the best efforts of everyone working in the sector, services are on their knees.
The current generation of children have had to contend not only with rising pressures and judgments brought by social media, but with the huge consequences of a global pandemic.
It is unsurprising that such challenges have taken their toll on children’s and young people’s mental health.
It is estimated that one in five children between the ages of seven and 16 has a probable mental health disorder.
If six children in every classroom were diagnosed with a physical condition such as diabetes, there would rightly be a public outcry, and there would be no discussion about urgently putting both proper treatment and preventive measures in place.
We would just do it.
Mental health is no different and should not be treated any differently.
We must do everything in our power to ensure that every child arrives at school happy, healthy and ready to learn and thrive.
My Bill provides one of the tools to help to achieve that.
It would place a dedicated qualified mental health practitioner in every school—primary and secondary—giving every child in school access to care and support from the moment they start to need it.
Early intervention is crucial.
Research tells us that half of all lifetime mental health disorders start before the age of 14.
Stepping in as soon as warning signs start to show can often help to prevent conditions from becoming more severe.