I know that she campaigns tirelessly on this issue.
I am more than happy to arrange a meeting with my noble Friend Lord Bellamy, who leads on this issue, to update her and the noble Baroness Deech—
Order.
I call Richard Burgon.
To reduce reoffending we need a strong, locally focused and stand-alone probation service—similar to how things were before privatisation—so why are the Government moving in the opposite direction with their One HMPPS programme, which has triggered a formal dispute with the probation unions because it subsumes probation still further into prisons?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his question; it is nice to answer questions from him again, as I did when he was shadow Secretary of State.
The One HMPPS programme is about different parts of the system working well together to create a system that delivers the outcomes that society wants to see.
I take the opportunity, prompted by the hon.
Gentleman, to pay tribute to all the staff in the probation service.
I had the pleasure of visiting some of them in Southwark recently, and I pay tribute to all the work they are doing.
In a perfect world, the victims of the Horizon IT scandal would have their cases individually assessed by the Criminal Cases Review Commission and the Court of Appeal, but we are not in a perfect world.
The scale of the miscarriage of justice is enormous, and there are hundreds of victims who understandably do not want to come forward because they have lost faith in the process.
Will my right hon.
and learned Friend the Lord Chancellor now consider the exceptional and unique step of legislating to quash the convictions?
I am grateful to my right hon.
and learned Friend, who speaks with such authority.
The circumstances are truly exceptional.
When I was a Back Bencher, I went on the record as saying that Horizon is the most serious miscarriage of justice since the Guildford Four or the Birmingham Six.
But the clue is that there were four in the Guildford case and six in the Birmingham case; we are talking about hundreds of people.
The situation is truly exceptional and unprecedented, and it will need an appropriate resolution.
Under the Illegal Migration Act 2023, victims of human trafficking who arrived in the UK via irregular routes would not have legal recourse to receive support under modern   slavery provisions.
Are Ministers comfortable with that?
They do not look like monsters, so I assume not.
If they are not, what will they do about it?
I will have to write to the hon.
Gentleman and check exactly what the provisions are for legal aid under the Illegal Migration Act.
I am more than happy to provide him with the details and meet him if necessary.
Precisely because legislating to overturn convictions would be so unprecedented, will my right hon.
and learned Friend the Lord Chancellor make sure that before such a step is taken, he is satisfied from conversations with the senior judiciary that the means of triaging and consolidating appeals that currently exist may not be capable of delivering justice within an acceptable timeframe?
That is precisely the point, and my hon.
Friend has put his finger on it.
Of course, we would not want to stray into the normal lane of the judiciary; we have huge respect for our independent judiciary, who do an exceptionally good job of ensuring that there is fairness on the facts before them.
As I have said, the case is wholly unprecedented, and we will want to have exhausted all alternatives before taking radical action.
Spending on housing legal aid has fallen by more than half in the past decade, from £44 million to £20 million.
Is this a proper response to growing insecurity, overcrowding and poor conditions in the housing market, or might it be a contributing factor?
I have to say to the hon.