I will not go on about how I might have got people into Wormwood Scrubs in the past in one way or another—[Interruption]—and, indeed, got some of them out!
I am sure the Minister will know that a key point that comes up time and again in reports from His Majesty’s chief inspector of prisons, and when issues are raised by the Justice Committee, is the lack of purposeful activity.
The physical estate is part of that problem, but so are issues relating to staffing and access to education and other provision.
Is it perhaps time for a strategy for the whole of the Prison Service with rehabilitation at its centre, and might not one solution to the problem be a statutory definition of the purposes of prison, of which rehabilitation—along with protection of the public—would be a key part?
Would that not be a way of holding people’s feet to the fire in order to deliver rehabilitation in the public interest?
I shall certainly be happy to have that discussion with my hon.
Friend if he feels that it would be useful.
He is right to highlight the importance of adequate staff numbers, but I should point out that they have increased by 6.7% in the past year.
I am also happy to tell him that this month we are launching the national regime model, which will require prisons to set out ambitious plans for dedicated purposeful activity—time out of cell.
That will indeed hold their feet to the fire, because, as we know, such a regime is central to rehabilitation.
I call the shadow Minister.
The latest figures show that the reoffending rate among those leaving prison has increased.
That is partly because prison is failing to rehabilitate—which is no surprise, given how overcrowded, understaffed and dangerously unsafe many prisons are.
In one case, after heavy rain, prison officers were having to wade through raw sewage while prisoners remained locked in their cells.
Does the Minister accept that the appalling state of our prisons is not only failing to reduce crime, but breeding it?
The hon.
Lady will not be surprised to hear that I do not agree with her assessments.
I would highlight that reoffending rates are down on where they were when we inherited them in 2010.
I have highlighted to the hon.
Lady the investment in new staff and in our buildings.
I would also highlight to her, and I hope that we will enjoy her support on this, the success of tough community sentences in reducing reoffending, compared with sentences of fewer than 12 months.
I look forward to her support in delivering those changes.
I am going to remain on the subject of the prison estate.
The Minister made a valiant attempt to defend the Conservatives’ woeful record on prisons, but they are failing to build the prison spaces we need to reduce this cycle of crime.
Just last week it was revealed that the Government had built only 380 of the 1,000 pop-up prison cells that they promised by the end of 2023.
Therefore, can the Minister at the very least confirm when the remaining 620 pop-up places will be built?
I would gently say to the hon.
Lady that we will take no lessons on prison building from the Labour party—the party that promised three Titan  prisons, with 7,500 places.
How many were built?
Zero.
This is a Government who are committed to building 20,000 new, state-of-the-art prison places.
Two prisons have already been built.
One is in construction.
One has just received planning permission, and I am hopeful that the other two of the six will receive that in due course.
What steps he is taking to increase early access to legal advice.
Last year we spent £1 billion on civil legal aid to support the most vulnerable, and we recognise the potential benefits of early legal advice in supporting people to resolve their problems earlier.