We have taken, and are taking, action to address specific issues with the Human Rights Act, including through the Illegal Migration Act 2023, the Victims and Prisoners Bill and the Overseas Operations (Service Personnel and Veterans) Act 2021, which address the vexatious claims against veterans and the armed forces.
The Rwanda Bill is the second piece of legislation that this Government have introduced that they cannot guarantee will comply with vital convention rights.
Does that not illustrate the total inadequacy of UK human rights legislation?
Any old Government—even a crumbling Tory Government—can rip up fundamental rights without constraint, doing over the Supreme Court in the process.
No, I reject that characterisation.
The European convention on human rights, under article 13, provides a right to an effective remedy.
We think there is a perfectly respectable argument that our legislation fulfils that.
We are committed to human rights, and we think we have a route that safeguards those rights and delivers on the interests of the British people.
The human rights campaign organisation Just Fair has said that a human rights Bill for Scotland would provide a blueprint for how the UK as a whole could enshrine social, economic and cultural rights in domestic law.
I am certain that the Scottish Government would be happy to share their experience and expertise in this area, so will the Secretary of State commit to engaging with them, with a view to bringing forward equivalent UK legislation, following their example?
I completely agree on the common interest we share across the United Kingdom in wanting to advance social and economic rights—put another way,  ensuring good jobs and good public services.
Of course that is right.
What is questionable is whether it is sensible to make those rights justiciable, as we would find people pursuing all sorts of actions that clog up the courts, leaving them unable to deal with other matters.
The hon.
Gentleman is right on the principle we all want to achieve for people in our country.
Is he right in wanting more litigation and more legislation?
I think we have different views on that.
The Scottish Government will bring forward a human rights Bill for Scotland, which is the right thing to do.
Given the Justice Secretary’s previous statements in support of human rights and the ECHR, will he confirm his support for the Scottish approach?
Surely putting human rights at the heart of Government and the wider public sector is the right thing to do.
It is important not to conflate those two things.
We are a member of the European convention on human rights—I have already mentioned article 13—but that does not, in and of itself, determine how one should give effect to those rights.
We already have the Human Rights Act 1998.
It is not at all clear to me that Scotland’s proposed human rights Bill would advance human rights across the United Kingdom, but of course we will listen carefully to whatever the Scottish Government decide to introduce.
I am sure that the Secretary of State is aware that the ECHR and the HRA are integral to the Good Friday/Belfast agreement, setting out a framework for the policing and the very governance of Northern Ireland.
Does he agree that any attempt to overhaul the ECHR and the HRA from this place could have serious consequences for the communities of Northern Ireland?
We have a human rights framework that we consider to be important.
We are mindful of the points that the hon.
Gentleman raises.
We are satisfied that we can deliver on the priorities of the British people.
It is a perfectly reasonable priority to want to ensure that we have warm hearts but an open front door, and we are satisfied that we can do so within our international legal obligations.