I call the shadow Minister.
The latest criminal court statistics show a Crown court backlog of 66,547 cases, once again breaking records.
The next quarter has just ended, so does the Minister expect the figures to break records again?
In addition to the measures that we have already taken—unlimited sitting days, recruitment of judges, investment in courts to ensure they are resilient, and extending Nightingale courts—I can reassure the hon.
Gentleman that we are building 58 new court rooms to ensure we have capacity.
I have not seen the figures on the backlog, but the latest figures for the number of disposals—[Interruption.]
Our courts and our judges are working flat out, as are all members of the criminal justice system.
I reassure him that the level of disposals being undertaken by our judiciary is up and the work of our judiciary is exemplary.
What steps he is taking to reduce reoffending.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his question.
Between 2010-11 and 2020-21, the overall proven reoffending rate decreased from 31.6% to 24.4%.
The Government continue to take action to drive down the reoffending rate even further by investing in initiatives to get more offenders into work, stable accommodation and substance misuse treatment on their release.
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right; the key to rehabilitation and ending reoffending is employment and stable accommodation.
He has spoken already about purposeful activity today, but may I ask him to look at making the subsistence payment available to all prisoners on release, because that would ensure access to the sort of settled accommodation that is required?
My hon.
Friend makes an interesting suggestion.
I am happy to meet him, if that would be helpful, to discuss further his ideas.
I refer to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests, which concerns my involvement with organisations related to addiction and recovery.
I acknowledge the positives of rolling out incentivised substance-free living wings, but they do not offer recovery as part of the process.
Recovery wings offer a far greater chance of rehabilitation as they get people into recovery while they are in prison and before they are released.
Currently, there are only seven planned across the prison estate, and I think that it will take Ministers to challenge civil servants and NHS fundholders to see those rolled out.
Will the Minister examine the benefits of expanding recovery wings across the whole of the prison estate?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for both his question and the tone in which he asks it.
He is absolutely right to highlight the importance of this scheme.
As he will be aware, those seven wings are a relatively new step forward.
We are seeing how they operate.
I think, if I recall, they were initiated by the former Deputy Prime Minister, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Esher and Walton (Dominic Raab) , when he was in post in the Ministry of Justice.
I continue to look at this very carefully, but I am watching to see how those wings operate first, but I do so with an open mind.
What steps his Department is taking to help ensure the safety of victims after violent offenders are released.
Protecting the public is our top priority.
Offenders are subject to strict licence conditions on release, which can include tagging and exclusion zones, and they can of course be returned to prison if they breach those conditions.
Victims of violent and sexual offenders serving prison sentences of 12 months or more are legally entitled to request protected licence conditions on release, including exclusion zones.
The probation service works with partners including the police under the multi-agency public protection arrangements, to closely manage the risk presented by the most serious offenders.
Rhianon Bragg’s attacker was convicted of stalking, possessing a firearm and making threats to kill.