Whether he is taking steps to help improve the safeguarding of prisoners with mental health needs.
We are committed to improving mental health outcomes for prisoners, including recruiting additional staff, because having adequate staffing in prisons is important; investing £625,000 of funding in the Samaritans each year until March 2025, which includes the delivery of the Listener scheme; and working alongside NHS England, which is responsible for delivering mental health support services in the custodial estate to ensure that they are joined up and effective.
I have been working with a constituent whose son sadly took his own life in Pentonville last year.
Although it is well established that there is a high rate of mental health problems among prisoners, the provision of support is insufficient and even reliable data on the scale of the issue is lacking.
Will the Government commit to a full review of the support and safeguarding for prisoners with mental health problems?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady, and I hope that through her I can pass on my sympathies and condolences to her constituent.
I am not aware of the details of that case, but if she wants to write to me, I would be happy to look at that specific case.
Sadly, there are too many deaths in custody and every one is a tragedy, so I am always happy to look at ways in which we can better improve the support available to those with mental health conditions or other health conditions that might make them more vulnerable within a custodial environment.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
I thank the many His Majesty’s Prison and Probation Service and His Majesty’s Courts and Tribunals Service staff who continue to work hard over the Christmas period to deliver justice and keep us safe.
Since the last Justice questions, the Victims and Prisoners Bill has passed its Third Reading in this House.
It will enshrine the overarching principles of the victims code in law.
It will establish a permanent independent public advocate for victims of major incidents, and it will enable a second check on Parole Board decisions in the interests of public safety.
The Sentencing Bill, which is cracking down on the worst offenders by extending whole-life orders for any murder involving sexual or sadistic conduct, also passed its Second Reading, as did the Criminal Justice Bill, which will ensure, among other things, that criminals face up to the consequences of their appalling actions by requiring them to attend their sentencing hearings.
Finally, in December, I took part in a park run at HMP Onley alongside prison staff and serving prisoners.
Congratulations to all who took part, except perhaps my private secretary, who had the audacity to beat me.
The Minister mentions sexual offences, but it frustrates me beyond belief that my constituents have to wait on average 839 days for their cases to be heard.
Is the distress caused taken into account, or is the system too broken?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to raise the issue of victims of serious sexual offences.
We take that incredibly seriously, and that is why we have introduced measures such as section 28, which enables evidence to be taken and recorded in advance.
We have increased the fees for barristers to make that more straightforward.
We have also increased the number of independent sexual violence advisers, who accompany, as it were, those victims on that journey.
That is very important to prevent dropout rates.
This is an important point: the sentencing levels are much higher—up by 30% compared with 2010.
I draw the attention of the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests in that my wife is an education lawyer.
Parents appealing decisions in relation to education, health and care plans and health needs are forced to wait between nine months and 13 months from appeal registration to hearing.