With the Tories, if you have not got the money, you have not got the care.
As a neighbouring MP, I thank my hon.
Friend for mentioning Claire Hazelgrove, our candidate in Filton and Bradley Stoke, who is doing tremendous work on this.
I have done a survey of my constituency and have found that about 98% of Bristol NHS practices are not taking on new patients.
One issue I have also come across is that, even when people do have access to an NHS dentist, they cannot afford even those lower fees, and as a result they are being removed from the active patient list and losing access to that.
We can understand how, during the cost of living crisis, people might delay a check-up for a few months because there are so many other pressing demands on their budgets.
I totally agree, and I do not think we should be complacent about this as a country.
The NHS is already becoming a two-tier healthcare system, where  those who can afford to go private are paying and the rest are left with an increasingly poor service for poor people.
Government Members protest now, but they admit their goals once they leave the Department for Health and Social Care.
The Health Secretary’s predecessors may not have said it when they were in her place at the Dispatch Box, but, as soon as they were out the door of the Department, the right hon.
Members for West Suffolk (Matt Hancock) and for Bromsgrove (Sir Sajid Javid) said what they really believe: patients should be charged for GP appointments.
Well, why stop there with this Conservative philosophy?
Why not go further?
That is the future for the health service if the Conservative party is given another five years.
That is the risk facing patients across the country, and that is the choice facing voters at the next general election: further neglect, mismanagement and decline under the Conservatives or change with Labour and a decade of national renewal.
On NHS dentistry, the need for change could not be clearer.
By the Conservative party’s own admission, it does not have a plan—just the vague promise of one coming in the future.
All it does have is a record of 14 years of failure.
If we stick to the current path, full universal access to NHS dentistry may be gone for good.
The Conservatives may be happy to wave goodbye to this vital public service, but that is not the Labour way.
With Labour, there is a clear plan, with immediate steps to tackle the crisis and long-term reform to rebuild dentistry.
There will be more appointments, more dentists, more support for children and long-term reform to put the service on a sustainable footing, paid for by abolishing the non-dom tax status.
That is because Labour believes that people who live and work in Britain should pay their taxes here, too.
It does not matter whether they live on Downing Street or any other street: if they make their money here in Britain, they should pay their taxes here, too.
My hon.
Friend is making an excellent speech.
Abby Lane, in my constituency, has contacted over 30 dental practices.
Not one is accepting her and her one-year-old child, who desperately needs dental treatment.
Is it not the case that we now need to reform the system so that local commissioners can ensure that dental commissioning is happening in local areas where there is need, and not just have this patchwork system where dentists are fleeing because it is not paying well enough?
I totally agree.
The tragedy is that if we look at the system as a whole and think about the pressure the whole system is under, and if we got NHS dentistry right, we would not only be saving patients untold pain, but saving the NHS money.