One has just received planning permission, and I am hopeful that the other two of the six will receive that in due course.
What steps he is taking to increase early access to legal advice.
Last year we spent £1 billion on civil legal aid to support the most vulnerable, and we recognise the potential benefits of early legal advice in supporting people to resolve their problems earlier.
For example, last year we launched a £10 million housing loss prevention advice service.
We invested in advice for welfare benefits issues, and early legal advice is also available for victims of domestic abuse in private family law proceedings, subject to the relevant means and evidence requirements.
We will continue to invest in legal aid where we can see a benefit.
I thank the Minister for that response.
Like many Members across this House, I regularly have constituents coming to me with many legal issues needing legal advice and support.
Obviously, many Members are not appropriately qualified to offer that legal advice and support.
Citizens Advice in Stoke-on-Trent are doing an excellent job trying to support many of my constituents with legal issues, but does my hon.
Friend agree that it is vital that members of the public get timely and affordable legal advice when they need it?
My hon.
Friend is right to praise the work of voluntary organisations such as Citizens Advice, and as I said in my original answer, we agree that investing has benefits.
That is why, since 2015, we have invested more than £25 million to support litigants in person, including our current grant funding of around £10.4 million for improving outcomes to legal support grants.
That is supporting 59 organisations across England and Wales, enabling them to provide urgent legal support and advice to help people resolve their legal problems.
That is in addition to the investment in providing support on domestic violence, special guardianship orders, housing loss prevention and immigration.
In its Green Paper published in October 2023, the Law Society set out reforms to legal aid to help more people get early advice.
Can the Justice Secretary confirm what discussions he has had with the Treasury, in advance of the Budget in March, regarding potential increases to the legal aid budget, and that Scotland will receive its share through Barnett consequentials?
I can confirm that, following the Bellamy report and the implementation of what is known as CLAIR—the criminal legal aid independent review—we have invested over £141 million extra in the legal aid system, addressing many of the concerns that legal practitioners, including the Law Society, have raised.
I can reassure the hon.
Gentleman that I am in constant dialogue with the Law Society on how we can improve legal advice for citizens.
What recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of human rights legislation.
What recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of human rights legislation.
What recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of human rights legislation.
What recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of human rights legislation.
The United Kingdom has a long-standing tradition of ensuring that rights and liberties are protected domestically and of fulfilling our international human rights obligations.
We remain committed to a human rights framework that is up to date, fit for purpose and works for the British people.
We have taken, and are taking, action to address specific issues with the Human Rights Act, including through the Illegal Migration Act 2023, the Victims and Prisoners Bill and the Overseas Operations (Service Personnel and Veterans) Act 2021, which address the vexatious claims against veterans and the armed forces.
The Rwanda Bill is the second piece of legislation that this Government have introduced that they cannot guarantee will comply with vital convention rights.
Does that not illustrate the total inadequacy of UK human rights legislation?