What steps are the Government taking to ensure that those who pose a threat to women, for example by spiking drinks, get the type of deterrent sentence that such disgraceful behaviour deserves?
I congratulate Torbay Council and Councillor Tranter on their excellent work to keep women safe in Torbay.
Spiking is a disgusting crime that carries a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison depending on the harm that results.
We are changing the Offences Against the Person Act 1861 to define the offence of spiking specifically and comprehensively in law, with a view to encouraging more people to come forward.
However, the biggest barrier to conviction remains the fact that toxicology tests are often conducted after the substance has left a woman’s body.
That is why we are investing in research for rapid drinks testing kits so that spiking will be easier to prove and we get more of the offenders behind bars.
My constituent was the victim of a violent attack, but because the perpetrator got a sentence of less than 12 months, she was not told when he was released from prison.
The police say that it is impossible for them to go through the records of everybody who is released in order to advise her, so there is a gap in victim support.
Will the Secretary of State commit to resolving that?
The hon.
Lady raises an important point.
I take that extremely seriously.
Certainly, under the victims code, the rights of victims to be kept informed  are far tighter than ever they used to be.
If we need to go further, that seems to be a sensible conversation and I would be happy to have it.
For too many years, this House has been witness to wrongful convictions in the Post Office-Fujitsu scandal.
There remain 800 Post Office convictions based on bad data.
Until those convictions are overturned, the victims cannot claim compensation.
We could do something good together if the Justice Secretary brought a simple Bill to quash all 800 convictions immediately.
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend, who, with his customary precision, puts his finger on that appalling injustice.
The suggestion that he makes is receiving active consideration.
I expect to be able to make further announcements shortly.
I add my support to the comments made by  the hon.
Member for Hertford and Stortford (Julie Marson) .
Cuckooing is a terrible activity, and making it a specific crime not only makes sense but would, I suspect, lead to the prosecution of other crimes such as drug dealing.
As I indicated, I will have a conversation with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hertford and Stortford (Julie Marson)  about that.
There is very likely to be a substantive underlying offence, be it handling stolen goods, possession with intent to supply or firearms matters.
This has been considered by way of discussions with criminal justice partners, but if there are further matters to consider with my hon.
Friend, and indeed with the hon.
Gentleman, I would be happy to have those conversations.
January is often considered family breakdown month.
Anybody taking the terrifically difficult decision to separate this year will face not only a divorce costing over £14,000 on average, but months, or potentially more than a year, of resolving child and financial disputes.
We need reform of focus in a range of areas.
Will the Lord Chancellor kindly agree to meet me and the formidable Baroness Deech and Baroness Shackleton to look at our campaigns?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
I know that she campaigns tirelessly on this issue.
I am more than happy to arrange a meeting with my noble Friend Lord Bellamy, who leads on this issue, to update her and the noble Baroness Deech—
Order.
I call Richard Burgon.