The Secretary of State was asked—
What assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the Parole Board reconsideration mechanism.
The reconsideration mechanism introduced in July 2019 is a vital tool for public protection, allowing Ministers to intervene in broad cases where there is concern that the decision to release is irrational or procedurally flawed, or where there has been an error of law.
Since 2019, this Government have used the mechanism to have 17 release decisions retaken by the Parole Board.
Nine of those resulted in the board reversing its original decision to direct release, including the recent case of Colin Pitchfork.
The Treasurer of His Majesty’s Household, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Nuneaton (Mr Jones) , and I have both raised concerns about the release of Edwin Hopkins, the schoolgirl killer of Naomi Smith.
I know that the Secretary of State cannot retrospectively apply the law around parole, but will he assure my constituents and residents in neighbouring Nuneaton that the new laws in the Victims and Prisoners Bill going through Parliament at the moment put public safety at the heart of future Parole Board decisions?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that extremely troubling case.
The murder committed by Edwin Hopkins was a truly dreadful crime, and I understand the concern about the release of prisoners who have committed such heinous offences.
The reforms in the Victims and Prisoners Bill do ensure that public safety is at the forefront of parole decisions, including by codifying the release test in law and introducing a new power to allow the Secretary of State to direct a second check on the release of some of the most serious offenders.
I thank the Lord Chancellor for his response and his clear commitment to ensuring that victims are considered.
As the Member of Parliament for Strangford, many people contact me about those getting early parole and decisions that are made.
Will he reassure me and the House that victims will be considered and contacted before any person who has carried out an evil crime is actually released?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right.
It is one thing being a victim of a crime in the first place but another not being kept updated on progress of the sentence of that individual, or indeed a parole decision.
That is why we are absolutely committed through the victims code and other mechanisms to ensuring that victims are kept updated, including during the important parole process.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the time taken to schedule court hearings for historical cases of child sexual exploitation on survivors and their families.
The House should be in no doubt as to how urgently we are working to accelerate justice.
We will have recruited 1,000 new judges by the end of this year and extended the use of 24 Nightingale courtrooms, and we funded a record number of sitting days in courts last year.
We have transformed how we support victims of sexual violence offences through the criminal justice system, including with the use of nearly 1,000 independent sexual violence advisers—some of those are especially for children—the nationwide roll-out of section 28 evidence procedures and pre-court familiarisation for vulnerable witnesses.
My constituent had to wait several years before her historical child sexual exploitation case was finally heard.
During that time, the court date was cancelled twice, causing her immense distress.
There is a backlog of about 65,000 Crown court cases—a third more there than in 2020—and nearly a third are waiting more than one year, compared with 10% in 2020.
I appreciate what the Minister said about the additional barristers and judges recruited, but given the sensitive nature of these cases, could she indicate what percentage of the backlog is down to that and what she and her team are doing specifically to address it?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady, who has raised this issue before.