Victims of violent and sexual offenders serving prison sentences of 12 months or more are legally entitled to request protected licence conditions on release, including exclusion zones.
The probation service works with partners including the police under the multi-agency public protection arrangements, to closely manage the risk presented by the most serious offenders.
Rhianon Bragg’s attacker was convicted of stalking, possessing a firearm and making threats to kill.
Only two months ago, the Parole Board decided that his probation release plan could not ensure public protection, yet he will be automatically released next month.
I have sent numerous letters to Ministers on this matter but have received not a single reply.
Given that the victim lives in a remote area, which makes conventional surveillance methods virtually impossible, will the Secretary of State finally provide a credible response to the urgent safety risks faced by victims such as Rhianon?
First, I thank the right hon.
Lady for raising this case.
I do know about the case of Rhianon Bragg—in the interests of complete transparency, I should say that I was at school with her.
The Government introduced extended determinate sentences in order to  better protect the public from dangerous offenders by making their early release dependent on the Parole Board.
Offenders on extended determinate sentences must be released.
As the right hon.
Lady knows, there are no legal powers to hold them for longer at the end of that custodial term.
However, they face years of strict supervision by the probation service with strict licence conditions, such as exclusion zones and curfews, and they will be returned to prison if they breach them.
I am aware of the letter that was sent on the 14th to my right hon.
Friend the Minister of State.
He will of course be happy to meet the right hon.
Lady to discuss those points.
What assessment he has made of the sustainability of probation officer case loads.
We have increased funding for the probation service by £155 million a year to recruit more staff, bring down caseloads and deliver better supervision of offenders in the community.
We have also accelerated recruitment of trainee probation officers, particularly in areas with the most significant staffing challenges.
As a result, more than 4,000 trainees started on training courses between April 2020 and March of last year.
Probation workloads are too high, which is having a terrible impact on both staff morale and retention as well as public safety.
What consideration has the Minister given to the very reasonable proposal agreed between His Majesty’s Prison and Probation Service and the probation unions to free up staff time by abolishing the post-sentence supervision, which was brought in under privatisation and is seen as simply a waste of time by those probation officers and their employer?
The hon.
Lady raises an important point.
Although, on partial data for this year, caseloads are going down, she is right to highlight that they are still high.
She makes a good point about the post-sentence supervision requirement, which I am happy to reflect on carefully.
I understand that the Lord Chancellor and Secretary of State for Justice,  the right hon.
and learned Member for Cheltenham (Alex Chalk)  has met representatives to hear their views on the matter.
Whether he is taking steps to help improve the safeguarding of prisoners with mental health needs.
We are committed to improving mental health outcomes for prisoners, including recruiting additional staff, because having adequate staffing in prisons is important; investing £625,000 of funding in the Samaritans each year until March 2025, which includes the delivery of the Listener scheme; and working alongside NHS England, which is responsible for delivering mental health support services in the custodial estate to ensure that they are joined up and effective.
I have been working with a constituent whose son sadly took his own life in Pentonville last year.