There is nothing unusual about this, which is precisely why this provision was put in the Human Rights Act 1998.
As for further LCMs, we will of course proceed in the normal way, and I will give that matter further consideration.
If he will make a comparative assessment of the effectiveness of short custodial sentences and sentences served in the community.
A 2019 Ministry of Justice analysis of a matched cohort of 30,000 offenders shows that those serving sentences of immediate custody of less than 12 months reoffend more often than similar offenders  serving a sentence in the community—55% of those sentenced to less than 12 months’ immediate custody were convicted in the following 12 months, which compares with 32% among those serving their sentence in the community.
For years, I was a visitor at the Scrubs and at HMP Wandsworth.
Persuade me that community sentences can be really tough.
I suggest that the outcome speaks for itself.
I call the shadow Minister.
Many, many more offenders will be serving their sentences in the community as a result of the measures in the upcoming Sentencing Bill.
We all know that the Government have had to rush these measures out to deal with the prisons capacity crisis that they have created, but it is essential to recognise that these measures will rely heavily on a functioning probation service.
With only one of the 33 probation delivery units inspected being rated as “good”, and all others being rated as “requiring improvement” or “inadequate,” what additional resources have been put in place to ensure that potentially dangerous criminals are being properly monitored?
We have recently increased the budget for probation by £155 million and ramped up recruitment, with an additional 4,000 staff recruited over the last period of time.
That is a four-year-old announcement dressed up as something new and, given the extensive changes in the Sentencing Bill, I am afraid that it will just not cut it.
Under the Conservatives, our vital probation service has been taken to the brink of collapse, and on current performance it simply cannot handle the additional pressure that these measures will bring and keep the public safe.
So will the Minister commit to ensuring that the measures in the Bill will not come into effect until there is not one probation delivery unit still rated as “inadequate”?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question.
We will keep this under review as the Bill passes through the House, and we will make further announcements on it in due course.
What steps he is taking to improve the effectiveness of the probate registry.
The past 12 months have seen the largest volume of probate applications received by the service since 2006, and that follows two years of above-average receipts.
In response, we have increased staffing levels by more than 100 people and streamlined processes.
We have seen some improvement, in that the level of grants issued has been running at about 8,000 more over the past two months than receipts.
The average mean length of time for a grant of probate following receipt of all the documents required is now 12 weeks.
I draw the House’s attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Back in November 2020, I led a Westminster Hall debate highlighting the failings of the probate service.
The service was once excellent, but that is no longer the case—I could give many examples demonstrating its continuing failures.
I appreciate the Minister’s efforts to improve the service, but enough is enough.
If the service has not materially improved in the next three months, will the Minister take the appropriate action and remove those who are clearly underperforming, so that the service can return to the level it once was at?
My hon.
Friend and I have had some interesting discussions on this topic over the past few months.