Friend  the Member for Finchley and Golders Green (Mike Freer) .
Can the Secretary of State confirm that the Director of Public Prosecutions could take over a private prosecution and discontinue it?
The Crown Prosecution Service can take over any criminal prosecution.
It may then carry out the prosecution or it may end or discontinue the prosecution if it does not believe it should have been brought in the first place.
I am pleased to say that the latest Scottish crime and justice survey has shown that the volume of crime in Scotland, including incidents not reported to the police, has fallen by 53%.
In addition, we have one of the lowest levels of recorded crime in Scotland since 1974—50 years.
I add my thanks to all those who work in Police Scotland Tayside for their duty and service on behalf of my constituents in Dundee.
Will the Justice Secretary join me in congratulating Police Scotland and all the community safety partners who have contributed to that success?
We of course welcome any reduction in crime, and I am happy to congratulate Police Scotland on its work.
It is encouraging that across the United Kingdom, and certainly across England and Wales, crime and reoffending are down.
However, I urge the hon.
Gentleman to ensure that Scotland does not anything that would be regrettable, such as rolling back on jury trials, which are a critical part of maintaining public confidence in the criminal justice system.
Having worked in A&E at Christmas over the years, I have seen the outcome of alcohol-related violence and the injuries it causes.
I know the Department has been looking at fitting alcohol monitoring tags for offenders during the festive season; what assessment have the Government made of their effectiveness in reducing alcohol-fuelled crime?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that point.
Alcohol tags are hugely valuable and are being used increasingly to tackle alcohol-related offending, including violent crime, successfully.
Around 2,800 individuals were wearing an alcohol tag at the end of November 2023, 900 more than in the same period the year before, and alcohol bans imposed in community sentences were complied with for 97.3% of the days monitored since their introduction in October 2020.
They are a vital crime-fighting tool.
In May 2022, my constituent Tallulah Cox was diagnosed with brain stem cancer.
She was left catatonic from the radiation treatment, a side effect that her parents, Zoe and Richard, were never informed about.
They then had to fight constantly for the support and care that she needed from her local council and NHS.
That support never came.
Little Tallulah passed away on 2 November last year—
Order.
This is topical questions.
I have to get everybody else in.
If the hon.
Lady is going to ask a topical question, it must be short and quick to allow others to ask theirs.
Has the Minister been briefed on what is being asked?
No.
Okay.
Very quickly, then—please just ask the question.
Little Tallulah passed away aged two on  2 November  last year after those services failed her.
How can her parents get some justice?
This sounds like an absolutely appalling case and my heart goes out to Tallulah and her family.
I am unaware of the details of the case, but if the hon.
Lady writes to me, she will get a response.
Dozens of businesses have signed up to Torbay Council’s safety of women at night charter, which is being championed by Councillor Hayley Tranter.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure that those who pose a threat to women, for example by spiking drinks, get the type of deterrent sentence that such disgraceful behaviour deserves?
I congratulate Torbay Council and Councillor Tranter on their excellent work to keep women safe in Torbay.
Spiking is a disgusting crime that carries a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison depending on the harm that results.