We are sorting out their mess.
The sound you can hear, Mr Speaker, is the scraping of the barrel.
How has the hon.
Gentleman got the brass neck to stand up, after 14 years of his party in government, and say that a contract agreed in 2006 is the problem?
If only the Conservatives had been in government for 14 years to sort it out.
Here is the other rub: we do not pretend that everything was perfect under the last Labour Government.
In fact, reform of the NHS dentistry contract was in Labour’s 2010 manifesto, because we recognised that it needed to change.
Had we been elected in 2010, we would have delivered.
It was also in the Conservatives’ 2010 manifesto and 2015 manifesto.
It was probably in the 2017 and 2019 manifestos, too, and they have not delivered.
We have 14 years of Conservative failure.
How dare the hon.
Gentleman have the brass neck to stand up and blame someone else.
It is of great interest, is it not, that there is not one Member from the governing party in Scotland present for this debate?
I can tell the House that dental services in my constituency in remote Scotland have gone backwards in a big way, and I am shocked that none of them are here to hear this.
It is deeply disappointing.
Let me assure the hon.
Gentleman that as with the last Labour Government—13 years that created a rising tide that lifted all ships across the country, when we had an NHS with the shortest waiting times and the highest patient satisfaction in history—the next Labour Government will deliver a rising tide to benefit people across the country.
The British Dental Association highlights that:
“Hormonal changes during pregnancy can make gums more vulnerable to plaque”,
and:
“Changes to dietary habits, and morning sickness”
can also impact on oral health.
After being told of the importance of seeing a dentist after suffering multiple miscarriages, a constituent tells me that she has been struggling for three years to see a dentist within a 50-mile radius of her home.
Dentists say that they are going private and are helping only with emergencies.
Surely that is evidence of a colossal failure of Tory Government dental policy, and even the most vulnerable are suffering.
I wholeheartedly agree with my hon.
Friend.
In fact, he has the ability, as the Labour MP for Stockton North, to speak for his residents.
If only other people across the country had MPs standing up for them.
Chris Webb, Labour’s candidate in Blackpool  South, reported to me that pregnant mothers have been telling him they cannot get an NHS dentist, despite being entitled to free NHS check-ups and treatment.
Alice Macdonald, Labour’s candidate in Norwich North, reported similar conversations to me.
Expectant mothers have told her that they have been travelling hundreds of miles to see a dentist when we know that pregnant women probably need that support more than many others.
What an indictment of 14 years of Conservative Government.
Did my hon.
Friend see the report in today’s Times that showed that NHS dentists are performing only 75% of the procedures they are contracted to do?
In Devon and Somerset, where the situation is the worst in the country, it is only 26.5% and 30%.
Not only have this Government delivered an NHS desert in Devon and Somerset, but they are wasting masses of public money.
What is my hon.
Friend going to do about it when he is Health Secretary?
I strongly agree with my right hon.
Friend.
Things are so desperate.
He mentioned the south-west in particular, and Devon and Cornwall have been particularly poorly served.
Jayne Kirkham, Labour’s candidate in Truro and Falmouth for this year’s general election, reported to me that a local dentist handed their contract back before Christmas, meaning that 3,000 people lost their NHS dentist overnight.