Things are so desperate.
He mentioned the south-west in particular, and Devon and Cornwall have been particularly poorly served.
Jayne Kirkham, Labour’s candidate in Truro and Falmouth for this year’s general election, reported to me that a local dentist handed their contract back before Christmas, meaning that 3,000 people lost their NHS dentist overnight.
There are currently no dentists in Truro and Falmouth taking on adult NHS patients.
Contract reform is urgent, so where is it?
They have had 14 years, so where is the recovery plan that the Health Secretary mentions in her amendment?
rose—
I must make some progress.
Turning to other parts of the country, Keir Cozens, Labour’s candidate in Great Yarmouth, has been running a campaign on the state of dentistry in Great Yarmouth.
He has heard heartbreaking stories of broken teeth left for months with people in pain, of children unable to be seen, of at least one person a day going to accident and emergency with dental issues, and of people performing DIY dentistry at home after buying kits from Amazon.
No one should be doing that, but people are desperate.
DIY dentistry does not work, and before you know it, people are back in A&E waiting for expensive emergency dental treatment.
I have heard similar stories from Kevin Bonavia, Labour’s candidate in Stevenage.
He tells me that people turning to DIY is shockingly common.
No one voted for this.
None of the five Conservative Prime Ministers, the seven Conservative Chancellors or the eight Conservative Health Secretaries told the public that this was what the future held, but this is what they have done to dentistry.
It is the way all our public services are going, and it is why the Conservative party cannot be allowed five more years to finish the job.
I thank the shadow Secretary of State for bringing this debate forward.
The stats from the British Dental Association cannot be ignored.
In its survey, 41% of practice owners and 38% of associate dentists said that they would like to leave NHS dentistry as soon as possible.
This debate will resonate with many people out there.
Does he agree with the chair of the Northern Ireland Dental Practice  Committee that now is the time for the funding allocation to pay for a better contract and for training more dedicated dentists who will commit to the NHS, rather than private practice?
I agree with the hon.
Gentleman about the urgency of the situation.
There is a different path available to us.
We can revive our public services and give our country back what we used to take for granted.
Labour’s plan would take immediate steps to rescue NHS dentistry, with 700,000 more urgent appointments and the recruitment of new dentists in the areas most in need.
We would also take the necessary steps to rebuild NHS dentistry over the long term, including reforming the dental contract and introducing supervised toothbrushing for three to five-year-olds in primary schools, so that poor oral health is prevented and demands on the service reduced.
In fact, some of my Labour colleagues are not even waiting for the general election to start making a difference.
Labour’s candidate in Stroud, Simon Opher—himself a GP—has spearheaded a campaign working with local dentists and the integrated care board.
From opposition, he has more than trebled the number of emergency appointments available each day across Gloucestershire, pioneered a new dental stabilisation scheme for people not known to a local practice, opening up more than 130 appointments a week, and introduced supervised toothbrushing in 14 local primary schools.
If that is the difference Simon is making in opposition, imagine what he will be able to do as a Labour MP working with a Labour Government.
That Government cannot come soon enough.
My hon.
Friend is making an excellent speech.