I am not being funny—it is totally unfair.
Some Members are not going to get in now.
My hon.
Friend is right.
The opportunities the Indo-Pacific brings for UK citizens and businesses are enormous and we look forward to  the comprehensive and progressive agreement for trans-Pacific partnership being one more new opportunity for them to discover one of the most exciting parts of the world.
Following up the question from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Newcastle upon Tyne Central (Chi Onwurah) , a Billingham constituent is regularly in touch with me.
Her Ugandan girlfriend lives in fear of her life every day, as new laws have seen more and more LGBT+ people persecuted.
What more can the Government do with our allies to help people such as my constituent’s girlfriend and protect LGBT+ activists and human rights defenders in Uganda?
We are making representations as often as we can.
There are limits to what we can do, but we are seeking to stretch those limits as far as possible.
I spoke to the Ugandan Foreign Minister on  4 May  to underline our opposition to the Anti-Homosexuality Act and highlight its impact on the safety of LGBT+ people in Uganda.
Both the Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary have spoken to the Ugandan Foreign Minister and the Ugandan high commissioner in London.
The Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee is finalising our report on food security, which has come into sharp focus because of the pandemic and the war in Ukraine.
With Russia regrettably pulling out of the Black sea grain deal, will my right hon.
Friend reassure the House that the UK Government are working closely with the UN and NATO allies such as Turkey to restore that deal, which is so important for food security across Europe and in developing countries?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Of course, we should make it clear that what Russia is doing is leading directly to people starving in Africa.
Everyone should understand that, as well as the atrocious action that Russia has taken in invading a neighbouring country.
The Minister is aware of the arrest of Yasin Malik, a Kashmiri political prisoner whose only crime is opposing the Indian military occupation of Kashmir.
What talks have been had with the Indian Government about his death penalty?
As I said in response to an earlier question, the UK opposes the death penalty in every country in the world, including India.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Business and Trade if she will make a statement on the interim report of the Post Office Horizon IT scandal inquiry relating to compensation.
I thank the right hon.
Member for his question and his tireless campaigning on this issue.
I am also grateful to Sir Wyn Williams for his work and for publishing his interim report.
We will, of course, consider that properly in the coming days and provide a formal response to the House.
Sir Wyn’s report recaps the progress made in delivering compensation.
He notes our repeated commitment, which I reiterate again, that that compensation should be full and fair.
He notes allegations from some lawyers that there are impediments to providing such compensation, but says that he cannot see any legal reason why we cannot deliver our commitment.
He is right, and that commitment will be delivered.
Sir Wyn’s first four recommendations deal with the advisory board, of which the right hon.
Gentleman is a member.
As he knows, the board was established at the instigation of my Department, and its composition and remit were extended as a result of discussions between Ministers, officials, himself and the rest of the board.
It has already performed a very valuable service.
Notably, its last meeting made recommendations about an appeals process independent of the Post Office.
We are considering that recommendation and will reply in due course.
Sir Wyn also refers to the tax treatment of compensation payments.