While the UK firmly supports Israel’s right to defend itself and its citizens against terrorism, we urge the Israel Defence Forces to demonstrate restraint, adhere to the principles of international humanitarian law and ensure that civilians are protected.
The UK’s position on settlements is clear: settlements are illegal under international law and call into question Israel’s commitment to the two-state solution.
Regrettably, a lasting peace deal seems as far away as ever.
In 2023, dozens of Palestinian children have been killed in Israeli military operations.
We should never become immune to the tragedy of those deaths, but will the Minister urge the Israeli Government to show compassion and restraint and urge all sides to put respect for human life first?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
Every one of those deaths is tragic and a real tragedy.
In the annual “Human Rights and Democracy Report” published by the FCDO last week, the OPTs were identified as a human rights priority.
The UK will continue to oppose violations and abuse of international human rights law and international humanitarian law by the Government of Israel, the Palestinian Authority and Hamas, including through our ongoing support for civil society actors.
It is vital work.
Seven years ago in this very Chamber, I raised the case of 68-year-old Nora and her family, who faced being forced out of their home by Israeli settlers.
Despite international opposition, last week she was tragically dragged from her home of more than seven decades.
If this case is not it, what is the Government’s red line?
How many more Palestinian grandmothers must be forcibly evicted?
Will the Minister stand by the words of his own former Prime Minister and leader, David Cameron, who told me on that day seven years ago that what we are seeing in occupied East Jerusalem is now more than an expansion of illegal settlements, but an “encirclement”?
Demolitions and evictions of Palestinians from their homes cause unnecessary suffering to ordinary Palestinians and call into question Israel’s commitment to a viable two-state solution.
In all but the most exceptional cases, demolition by an occupying power is contrary to international humanitarian law.
Lord Ahmad has raised this case with the Israeli ambassador and made it clear that we urge Israel to reconsider forthcoming evictions.
This year has already been the deadliest for violence in the west bank since 2005.
The expansion of illegal settlements keeps on growing.
The UK Government now have the presidency of the UN Security Council.
Will the Minister commit to supporting an International Criminal Court investigation into the killing of innocent Palestinians and suspend all arms sales to Israel until it abides by international law?
We are using our powers as president of the UN Security Council to convene and bring people together.
We are concerned about the ongoing deterioration of the situation.
We continue to monitor the situation on the ground with our international allies.
Earlier this year, I was privileged to visit healthcare facilities supported by Medical Aid for Palestinians in the west bank.
This week, it has taken the unprecedented step of providing bulletproof vests and helmets to medical workers in the west bank because of an increase in the attacks they are facing.
In last week’s urgent question on violence in the west bank, the Minister of State,  the right hon.
Member for Berwick-upon-Tweed (Anne-Marie Trevelyan)  announced that the Minister responsible for the middle east and north  Africa, Lord Ahmad, would be speaking to the Israeli ambassador to demand that access to medical care is allowed according to Israel’s obligations under international law.
Can the Minister set out what assurances he has received from the Israeli authorities that violations against healthcare workers and barriers to health access in the west bank will be brought to an end?
Lord Ahmad did meet the Israeli official and talked through the importance of this matter.
As the hon.