Friend’s important point.
We endorse the words of Israeli President Isaac Herzog, who is seeking a compromise.
He recently said:
“In the midst of a deep and worrisome crisis, the responsible act of leadership must be to sit and talk”.
What makes this latest tragic wave of violence even more concerning is the emergence of new terror groups in the Palestinian territories such as the Lions’ Den and the Jenin Brigades alongside Hamas and Palestinian Islamic Jihad, coupled with the seeming loss of control of the Palestinian Authority.
Does my hon.
Friend share my concern about the influence of outside actors—namely Iran—in enabling and encouraging violence in the region?
My right hon.
Friend makes an incredibly important point.
The actions of Iran are abhorrent and causing all sorts of challenges in regional instability, and they need to be called out.
Recently published documents reveal an ambitious peace project to establish a continuous land bridge directly connecting Israel to Jordan and other Arab states.
What steps is the Foreign Office taking to support our middle east allies on this welcome peace project?
We welcome all steps to help move forward with the middle east peace process and follow those particular points with interest.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The Minister will have heard the strength of feeling across the House this morning.
Recently in Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories we have seen new illegal settlements announced, increasing violence and terrorist attacks and a rise in civilian deaths.
All those steps imperil a two-state solution, yet the Government’s focus has been on their ill-conceived and badly designed Economic Activity of Public Bodies (Overseas Matters) Bill.
Reports suggest that our diplomats warned Ministers that it would breach our obligations under UN resolution 2334.
Is that true?
If so, why is the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities,  the right hon.
Member for Surrey Heath (Michael Gove) , undermining UK foreign policy?
The shadow Secretary of State is correct that these are really concerning issues and there is a lot of passion on both sides of the House.
The Government’s position was agreed by the FCDO and all relevant Government Departments.
The Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities has written to the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee on that issue.
If he will take steps with his Sri Lankan counterpart to ensure accountability for alleged war crimes in Sri Lanka.
The Foreign Secretary met Sri Lankan Foreign Minister Ali Sabry on  14 July , when they discussed Sri Lanka’s human rights initiatives.
We will continue to urge the Sri Lankan Government to make meaningful progress on human rights, justice and accountability.
That includes at the UN Human Rights Council, where the UK and our partners made resolution 51/1 on Sri Lanka in October last year.
Will the Minister appeal to the  Sri Lankan Government to ensure that the possible establishment of a South Africa-style truth and reconciliation commission does not mean that those responsible for war crimes in Sri Lanka will not be brought to justice?
We recognise the concerns from some members of the Sri Lankan public and victims groups about the creation of a credible domestic accountability process, given the history of impunity and unfulfilled commitments.
We encourage the Sri Lankan Government to create an environment for meaningful reconciliation by addressing those long-standing and emerging concerns.
That includes ensuring proper consultation, sufficient consensus of key communities and a commitment to accountability.
Human Rights Watch has reported that Tamil families looking to memorialise those who died in Sri Lanka’s civil war remain subject to intimidation and banning orders.
Alongside the Minister’s Sri Lankan counterparts, what steps is she taking to promote free expression in Sri Lanka?
As I said, we all understand and see that long history of impunity and broken commitments.