We are emphasising an ethos focused ruthlessly on the delivery of real-world effect, increasing the bang for buck in everything we do.
This approach reaches into every part of the Defence enterprise, from the front line to the back office, and involves a major redesign of the Department.
We must shift our whole organisational culture away from the previous peacetime mentality to one where we live and operate as we would fight, focusing more on outputs than inputs and achieving a better balance between risk and reward.
That means empowering people to live and operate alongside partners, and sometimes to be enabled by them when in lower threat environments.
That means ensuring our equipment, whether Type 31, Challenger 3, or Typhoons, has the infrastructure and supplies needed to sustain operations more of the time and to deliver real-world effect wherever and whenever it is needed.
And it means working with the relevant regulatory authorities, for example the Military Aviation Authority, to accelerate the experimentation, testing and innovating of new technologies, while remaining within legal bounds.
I want to emphasise one final aspect of the Command Paper refresh, namely the development of a global campaigning approach.
We started with a review of our head office, where we broke out campaign delivery from policy formation and established integrated campaign teams.
They have adversary focuses, not geographic, and will drive our enduring campaigns in the same way operational commanders lead our forces on deployed operations.
The indivisibility of operational theatres in today’s world means Defence must be constantly ready to respond globally to safeguard our interests and those of our allies.
Sometimes it will be to evacuate our citizens in moments of crisis, such as in Sudan.
Other times it will be to deter an adversary or reassure a friend.
As we have shown through our support for Ukraine, the UK Government have the political will, but that only matters if it is matched by our military agility.
Today, we are establishing a defence global response force.
Ready, integrated and lethal, it will better cohere existing forces from across land, sea, air, space and cyber, to get there first in response to unpredictable events around the world.
Crucially, today’s paper also recognises that it is in the interconnected world and that the UK is unlikely to act alone.
Partnerships are critical to our security and prosperity.
In future, we will be allied by design and national by exception.
Our support for NATO will remain iron-clad, but we will continue to prioritise our core relationships.
We will invest in deepening relationships with our new partners.
It is why we have invested to expand our global defence network, improving communications, and co-ordinating defence attachés within our intelligence functions.
None of that is headline-grabbing stuff, but it is the fine details that make the difference to our national security.
To conclude, the paper is the result of having several years in the Department to understand where it needs most attention.
That continuity in office is improving  and I am incredibly grateful to the long-serving Minister for Armed Forces, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Wells (James Heappey) , whose experience in uniform and public office provided the basis for this paper.
We are grateful to the hundreds of individuals and groups who contributed to the first challenge phase of its drafting, from academics to serving personnel and industry representatives, not to mention the many Members of this House.
Most of what we learned from them is encapsulated in the document.
This is likely to be one of my last appearances at the Dispatch Box.
It has been the greatest privilege to serve as Secretary of State for Defence for the last four years.
I thank my team, civil servants, special advisers and Members for their support and their challenge.
All of us here have the common interest of defending this fine country, its values and its freedoms.