The Chinese authorities have confirmed that they have been closed.
Many Hongkongers have sought refuge not only here in the United Kingdom but in other Commonwealth jurisdictions, principally Canada and Australia.
What work is the Foreign Secretary doing with our counterparts in those countries to ensure that there is a united and concerted effort to support Hongkongers in those countries in the face of China’s repression?
We work closely with our allies and friends and we are very proud, as the UK, to have made available British national overseas visas.
So far, I think, 166,000 have taken up the opportunity to be here in the UK.
The Chinese communist Government have broken British laws in their threats against people legitimately given safety in the United Kingdom.
If my right hon.
Friend and other Ministers have spoken to their counterparts, they will know that they have brought in sanctions against officials in Hong Kong and s freezing of assets.
What have we done, and if, as I suspect, we have not done anything, why not?
As I say, the Foreign Secretary asked a senior official to call in the Chinese ambassador last week, which he did, highlighting that the issuing of arrest warrants and bounties for eight individuals living overseas was unacceptable.
We obviously continue to express our ongoing opposition to the imposition of the national security law, and as my hon.
Friend knows, we continue to consider the use of diplomatic tools, including sanctions where appropriate.
I cannot discuss what we may do in future.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Last week’s Intelligence and Security Committee report exposed the consequences of more than a decade of Conservative division, inconsistency and complacency towards China.
It looked rather like a bad Ofsted school inspection report.
It described the UK’s approach to China as “completely inadequate” and it said it had left us “severely handicapped” in managing Britain’s future security.
National security is the first responsibility of Government.
What will the Government do, in response to this report, to rectify their past mistakes and raise their standards?
The integrated review refresh, published in March, set out very clearly the Prime Minister’s strong and robust position on China.
The Foreign Secretary’s speech at Chatham House, a few weeks later, also identified that we will protect UK assets and interests, that we will engage where appropriate, that we will align with our international partners to ensure that issues we consider unacceptable to us—the coercion we are seeing from China is one—are made very clear, and that we will use the tools available to us as required.
What recent assessment he has made of the implications for his policies of the human rights situation in Kashmir.
We recognise that there are human rights concerns in both India-administered Kashmir and Pakistan-administered Kashmir.
We encourage all states to ensure that domestic laws are in line with international standards.
Any allegation of human rights violations or abuse is deeply concerning and must be investigated thoroughly and transparently.
Many of my Luton South constituents have expressed concern at the recent appeal to change Jammu Kashmir Liberation Front leader Yasin Malik’s sentence from life imprisonment to the death penalty, due to be heard on  9 August .
The UK is home to significant diaspora communities of Pakistanis, Indians and Kashmiris, and emerging issues related to Kashmir have the potential to affect community cohesion if not handled sensitively.
Will the Minister ensure that the Government conduct any action relating to Kashmir sensitively and with consideration of the concerns of the diaspora communities?
The hon.
Lady is right that these are difficult situations and that we want always to reassure those who are here, but it is not for the UK to comment on an independent judicial process in another country.
We encourage all states to ensure that their domestic laws adhere to international standards on free and fair trials and that their treatment of detainees respects international obligations.