Can the Minister set out what assurances he has received from the Israeli authorities that violations against healthcare workers and barriers to health access in the west bank will be brought to an end?
Lord Ahmad did meet the Israeli official and talked through the importance of this matter.
As the hon.
Lady rightly highlights, international humanitarian law requires military forces to allow medical access in order to evacuate and treat the wounded.
We are always urging Israel to live up to those important requirements.
This year has seen the highest number on record of settlements in the west bank.
In just the first half of 2023, the Israeli Government promoted 12,855 housing units and 10 new outposts.
The total number of settlers in the west bank is now 750,000.
This is contrary to international law and further displaces many Palestinian families as their houses and land are taken away.
How will that help the peace process?
What are the Government doing to uphold international law?
That is an important question.
As was laid out in the Foreign Secretary’s trilateral statement with the Foreign Ministers of Australia and Canada on  30 June , the continued expansion of settlements is an obstacle to peace and negatively impacts efforts to achieve a negotiated two-state solution.
We call on the Government of Israel to reverse these decisions, and we have continued to do that with the Foreign Secretary speaking to his counterpart on  5 July .
In the first five months of 2023, the United Nations recorded 475 instances of settler-related violence resulting in casualties or property damage, which was the highest daily average since 2006.
What plans has the Minister got to request that the Israeli Authorities take action to prevent settler violence against Palestinians?
As the settlements are considered to be illegal under international law, will he commit to a ban on the importation of settlement goods as has been done with goods arising from other breaches of international law?
We welcome the joint statement from the heads of the Israel Defence Force, the Israeli Security Agency and Israeli police as well as statements by other Israeli leaders that condemn these criminal acts.
We call on the authorities to ensure accountability for all perpetrators of violence.
It is important that words are turned into actions.
Back in 2016, I was part of a parliamentary delegation that visited the Sub Laban family in their home of 70 years in the occupied old city of Jerusalem.
Last week, Israel forcibly evicted them to make way for illegal settlers, as has been replicated time after time across occupied East Jerusalem and the rest of the west bank.
How many such violations of international law by Israel will have to take place before the Government act, including by banning UK trade with illegal Israeli settlements in the Occupied Palestinian Territories, as organisations such as Oxfam, Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch have called for?
As I said, we are concerned about demolitions and evictions of Palestinians, which call into question Israel’s commitment to a viable two-state solution.
We are pushing for it to reconsider forthcoming evictions.
For those of us who are friends of Israel—and proud to be—one of its strengths has been its independent judiciary, which has on occasion struck down arbitrary action by Israeli authorities.
Will the Minister say, as friends, to his Israeli counterparts when he next meets them that any proposals that might reduce the independence of the judiciary in Israel would not help Israel’s cause, would not help stability in the region and would make it harder for its friends to advocate for its cause?
I understand my hon.
Friend’s important point.
We endorse the words of Israeli President Isaac Herzog, who is seeking a compromise.
He recently said:
“In the midst of a deep and worrisome crisis, the responsible act of leadership must be to sit and talk”.