Human Rights Watch has reported that Tamil families looking to memorialise those who died in Sri Lanka’s civil war remain subject to intimidation and banning orders.
Alongside the Minister’s Sri Lankan counterparts, what steps is she taking to promote free expression in Sri Lanka?
As I said, we all understand and see that long history of impunity and broken commitments.
We will continue to encourage the  Sri Lankan Government to create that climate of recognition for all parties and communities, making sure that no one is left out of that process.
Nearly 15 years after the end of Sri Lanka’s bloody civil war, the Sri Lankan Government continue to evade accountability and delay any scrutiny.
As the Minister said, instead of justice there is impunity.
Last week’s FCDO human rights and democracy report recognises Sri Lanka as a priority so, in simple terms, will the Minister say when the UK will sanction those individuals responsible for the worst human rights abuses in that conflict?
We will continue to urge the Sri Lankan Government to uphold their constitutional and democratic processes.
Those concerns were made clear in statements to the UN Human Rights Council, most recently on  20 June .
Imposing sanctions is one response among other diplomatic tools to tackle serious human rights violations and abuses, but the shadow Foreign Secretary knows well that it would not be appropriate for me to speculate about future designations because that could reduce the impact.
What recent steps his Department has taken to help meet the UK's international climate finance commitments.
As the Prime Minister set out at COP27, we are committed to spending £11.6 billion on international climate finance over the timeframe originally envisaged.
I take some comfort from the Minister’s reply.
He will know that there has been much speculation—and indeed, some leaks—in the national media that demonstrate real concern that the Government were reneging on their climate finance commitments.
Could he explain to me and the 50 cross-party MPs and peers who have written to the Prime Minister about this when the £11.6 billion will be delivered in full, broken down by each year?
Could the Minister explain how the commitment will be met and assure us that it will not be by raiding the aid budget?
He will know that the money is meant to be new and additional.
It would be wrong for it to come at the expense of recipients who are expecting that aid budget and should have it.
The hon.
Lady will have noticed yesterday that there was a very considerable return of transparency in the figures published by the Foreign Office.
She will have seen that the allocations for aid for next year are nearly double what they were this year.
We have a commitment to greater transparency and I expect to be able to publish in full how we will reach the £11.6 billion, probably in September.
The Minister will realise that £11.8 billion is quite a lot of money.
How do the UK’s international climate finance commitments compare to other G7 and G20 countries, or, historically, to before 2010?
We are a global leader on these issues, as my hon.
Friend knows, and we have set a lead.
Part of that leadership, but only part of it, is in respect of money.
The UK has delivered extraordinarily on its commitments.
For example, we met our previous climate finance commitments, including spending nearly £6 billion between 2016 and 2021.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
The effects of climate change are intensifying—NASA has just reported that June was the hottest month ever recorded—so it is important that   the Government stand by their promise to double international climate finance.
Will the Minister, at the Dispatch Box, confirm that that is exactly what they will do, or is the rumour that they are about to renege actually the case?
The hon.
Gentleman will have heard my response to  the hon.