I referred in my initial remarks to the request that the right hon.
Gentleman has made for an appeal mechanism.
We are considering that carefully.
I think he would acknowledge that whenever he has come to me with something that he thinks we should consider, we have always done that and are keen to deliver the mechanisms that the board requires.
The delays in disclosure were unacceptable, without question, and the Post Office has apologised for that.
You are only as good as your last game, and the Post Office has to up its game; there is no doubt about it.
We have a governance review into earlier issues around remuneration and the metrics regarding bonuses, which were found to be completely inappropriate.
We are waiting for that report, which I should receive by the end of this month.
We will take that under advisement, as we do any other evidence we receive about the operation of the board of the Post Office.
I thank my hon.
Friend for the update.
Some 555 individuals have suffered incredible destitution and injustice for far too long.
This has gone on for more than 20 years, and some people have died during this process.
Will he ensure that  the Post Office owns up to what it has done and that the individuals who were responsible for covering this up 20 years ago are brought to justice, rather than this leaving a stain on the reputations of the postmasters and postmistresses, who are totally innocent of any crime?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his work on this issue.
He is right: 62 people have passed away while awaiting compensation.
It is simply unacceptable.
My Department is looking at creative ways of accelerating the process of providing compensation to the victims.
I agree with my hon.
Friend about the need for people to be held to account, and I spoke about that on a number of occasions from the Back Benches.
It is right that people are held to account.
It is also right that due process is followed.
Sir Wyn Williams’s inquiry is there to identify what went wrong and why and who was responsible, and once that is done we should make a judgment about what happens to those people, but I am keen, like my hon.
Friend, that people are held to account.
I call the shadow Minister.
Nine hundred prosecutions—all the postmasters involved have their own stories of dreams crushed, careers ruined, families destroyed, reputations smashed and lives lost.
Innocent people have been bankrupted and imprisoned.
This may well be the largest miscarriage of justice in our country’s history, and I pay tribute to Members on all sides of this House who have worked for justice, none more so than my right hon.
Friend  the Member for North Durham (Mr Jones) .
I also thank the advisory board and Sir Wyn for their work, as well as the Minister for the constructive approach he has taken on this issue to date.
However, as Sir Wyn’s interim report makes clear, the compensation schemes for postmasters are a mess.
The commitment to give fair compensation should apply to all postmasters.
Sir Wyn specifically recommends that terms of reference should enable the monitoring of individual cases.
Can the Minister say that he will act on that recommendation, and when can we expect him to respond in full to the report’s recommendations, including maximising the use of the Horizon compensation advisory board and providing clarity about the tax status of compensation payments?
Can he also provide a final figure for claims that have been made to the historical shortfall scheme and how much the Government anticipate the final compensation will cost?
I also ask the Minister what he is going to do about Post Office management.
As the only shareholder in the Post Office, does his Department take responsibility for addressing those management issues?