We talk of a two-state solution, but we are witnessing an increase in illegal settlements and an increase in violence, not least in Jenin recently.
How is the Secretary of State using the power of his office to set a new framework, using the articles of the UN declaration on human rights, to bring about a movement towards peace, so that we see not just talk but action?
We remain committed to the middle east peace process and to finding a way forward.
We use our convening power as the current president of the UN Security Council, and the Foreign Secretary will no doubt be discussing these issues while he is in New York at the UN Security Council.
Most of NATO, including America, Canada, France and Germany, have repatriated their citizens from detention facilities in Syria.
The United Kingdom repeatedly refuses to do so and is now an international outlier.
Twenty-five British families are held in Syrian detention facilities without charge or trial.
Our independent reviewer of terrorism legislation has said that, without action, this will become our Guantanamo.
Will the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office review this policy to avoid our suffering international embarrassment for failing to take responsibility for our own citizens?
Repatriating citizens and the management of risks posed by returnees are ultimately matters for individual countries.
Our priority remains ensuring the safety and security of the United Kingdom.
The UK will continue to work closely with international partners in addressing the issues associated with those who fought for, or supported, Daesh and to bring to justice those who have participated in terrorism overseas.
Last month, the UK hosted the Ukrainian recovery conference in London.
Ukrainian trade unions have an important role to play in laying the foundations for the reconstruction of their country, but the general secretary of the Ukraine’s construction workers’ union had his application to attend the conference denied and was subsequently unable to secure a visa to travel to the UK in time.
Does the Secretary of State regret that Ukrainian construction workers were denied a voice in a conference dedicated to the reconstruction of Ukraine, and can he assure the House that this was not the result of a proactive policy of excluding representatives in the trade union movement?
I am grateful to the hon.
Friend for raising that matter.
I will investigate and provide an update.
I call the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, and thank you for your strong response to the point of order last week on the threats against me by President Vučić of Serbia.
One colleague here raised the daily reports that we are receiving about extreme identity violence in Darfur, which will only get worse.
As a UK penholder, what are we doing to create a protective wedge between civilians and the militias?
Will my right hon.
Friend show leadership at the Dispatch Box by declaring these as crimes against humanity, because it matters that Britain says that now?
I fully understand what my hon.
Friend is saying about Darfur.
She will know that I first went there with David Cameron in 2006 and saw what was happening on the ground—what George Bush called a genocide.
We will do everything that we can to protect   the civilians there who are in great jeopardy today.
That involves the use of words, as my hon.
Friend said, and actions at the UN.
We will do everything that we can, as holder of the pen, to ensure that progress is made.
Last month the UN’s world food programme announced the cessation of food aid in Ethiopia following the large-scale diversion of supplies.
The UN has this week estimated that 8.8 million people in northern Ethiopia are in need of food aid, and severe malnutrition has increased by 196% over the past year.
Will the Minister set out what the Government are doing to respond to this desperate humanitarian crisis?