It has been the greatest privilege to serve as Secretary of State for Defence for the last four years.
I thank my team, civil servants, special advisers and Members for their support and their challenge.
All of us here have the common interest of defending this fine country, its values and its freedoms.
Of all the many functions of Government, Defence is the most important and is more important than ever, as the next 10 years will be more unstable and insecure.
The men and women of our armed forces are second to none and Britain’s place in the world is anchored in their professionalism and sacrifice.
I believe we will increasingly call on them in the years ahead.
We must ensure that they are ready to answer that call.
I wish them and whomever replaces me well.
I commend the statement to the House.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his work on the report and for his campaigning.
Let me also say, however, that procurement has started to improve.
In 2009-10, the average time delay on a project was 28%; it is now 15%.
The average cost overrun was 15% on a project in 2009-10; it is now 4%.
The direction of travel is improving.
The number of civil servants at DE&S went from 24,000 to 11,000, so we are cutting away the bureaucracy and the direction of travel is improving.
In my time as Secretary of State for Defence, I was also determined to put to bed some of the problem projects that we were all inheriting.
I am pleased to say that, as I speak, Ajax is back on track and starting to be delivered to the units.
The units are starting to train in it now.
We could all have a discussion about whether we would have chosen Ajax all those years ago, but fundamentally it has not cost the taxpayer any more money and it is being delivered to our frontline.
I was determined to put that right, or take other steps to deal with it.
That should always be the case.
The other thing that I have always tried to do, which is not in the document but which I recommend in defence procurement, is to never defer—either delete or deliver.
If you defer, it costs hundreds of millions of pounds.
Deferring the aircraft carrier cost £1 billion under the Labour Government.
Deferring the F-35 cost £500 million.
Deferrals create the black holes.
Delete or deliver, but don’t defer.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What diplomatic steps he is taking to help support the de-escalation of violence in Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
What recent assessment he has made of the implications for his policies of illegal settlements in the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
What assessment he has made of the implications for his policies of recent violence in Israel and Palestine.
What assessment he has made of the implications for his policies of recent violence in Israel and Palestine.
What steps his Department is taking to help secure peace in Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
What assessment he has made of the implications for his policies of recent violence in Israel and Palestine.
What assessment he has made of the implications for his policies of recent violence in Israel and Palestine.
The accelerating cycle of violence in the west bank is a cause of enormous concern, and the Government are intensely focused on the situation.
While the UK firmly supports Israel’s right to defend itself and its citizens against terrorism, we urge the Israel Defence Forces to demonstrate restraint, adhere to the principles of international humanitarian law and ensure that civilians are protected.
The UK’s position on settlements is clear: settlements are illegal under international law and call into question Israel’s commitment to the two-state solution.
Regrettably, a lasting peace deal seems as far away as ever.