The hon.
Lady is absolutely right.
The British Government and the whole House are appalled by the law that has been passed by Uganda.
We make very strong representations, our high commission there works closely with affected groups, and we always keep travel advice under sharp and close review.
Children being able to play is something we take for granted, yet Ministers will know from their travels that it is not something that all children around the world get to do.
Play instils confidence, builds life skills, enhances resilience and restores hope, so will a Minister commit to the House that they will take a lead role in the forthcoming UN General Assembly to support the resolution for an international day of play, which is spearheaded by a coalition of organisations such as Lego and IKEA, to ensure that every child’s right to play is protected?
The idea of an international day of play is very important, and we take it seriously.
I will pick the matter up with the noble Lord Ahmad and keep in touch with my hon.
Friend.
In the past decade, more than 1.7 billion people have been affected by climate disasters through displacement, drought and food insecurity.
The climate crisis is both creating and aggravating humanitarian emergencies.
Where is the ambitious strategy for UK aid to build resilience and offset the implications of climate breakdown?
The hon.
Lady is right to identify climate change as the great existential crisis of this era.
Two weeks ago we had the hottest temperature seen in the world ever on the Monday; it was then exceeded on Wednesday and exceeded again on Thursday.
One way we have changed how humanitarian work is done is by building in more adaptation and resilience when we deploy humanitarian support, and we will go on doing that.
Evidence suggests that malaria is on the move; it has appeared in parts of the US and is creeping across Europe.
Can the Foreign Office please confirm that it is serious about eradicating malaria and neglected tropical diseases across the world, and say what plans are being taken, if any, to keep British people safe?
My hon.
Friend is entirely right.
I was recently in Mozambique, where they had managed to cut malaria infection by 50%, but we saw that climate change is now leading to its increasing again.
We will do everything we can to make sure that what had previously been a successful policy of malaria eradication gets back on track as soon as possible.
A loophole in the sanctions regime has seen Russian steel processed in Turkey and exported to the UK.
The 43% increase in Russian steel exports to Turkey in the last year alone shows the extent of the problem.
The Government have belatedly introduced a ban on imports of such steel, but without enforcement the ban will be meaningless.
Can the Minister tell the House what the Government’s plans are to enforce the ban on imports of Russian steel processed in Turkey?
As I have said, we continue to work on our sanctions policy to ensure that we get to grips with any potential circumventions, but it would not be appropriate for me to announce any future plans yet.
Whether it is the accession to the trans-Pacific partnership, the first free trade agreement with Malaysia and Brunei, our Foreign Secretary at the Association of Southeast Asian Nations summit or the joint economic trade committee with Indonesia on Thursday, the Government are rightly doing all they can to bring alive the benefits of our trans-Pacific and Indo-Pacific pivot.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that we in this House should all do everything we can to bring alive the potential for businesses in our nation, whether in designing frigates, cyber, EdTech or anything else?
Mr Graham, do not push it too far.
I am not being funny—it is totally unfair.
Some Members are not going to get in now.
My hon.