While I wish such lessons were generated in a different war, the conflict has become an incubator of new ways of war.
They are proving the way for warfare in the 2020s—whole of nation, internationally partnered, innovative, digitised, operating with a tempo, precision and range requirement and a recognition that there is a trade-off between assurance levels and operational impact.
I am proud, too, of the role the UK is playing in supporting Ukraine, whether providing equipment, training or political support, or galvanising European and international allies and industrial partners to do likewise.
But the return of war to the continent of Europe, alongside growing threats elsewhere in the world, has meant that we must sharpen our approach.
The integrated review refresh published in March outlined how we would do that.
It would shape the global strategic environment, increase our focus on deterrence and defence, address vulnerabilities that leave our nation exposed and invest in the UK’s unique strengths.
Defence is central to all those efforts.
That is why, after three decades in which all parties have continued drawing the post cold-war peace dividend, this Prime Minister reversed that trend and provided Defence with an additional £24 billion over four years.
He and the Chancellor have gone further since, in response to the war in Ukraine.
Next year we will spend over £50 billion on defence for the first time in our history.
That is nearly £12 billion a year more cash investment than when I became Defence Secretary in 2019—a real-terms increase of more than 10%.
This Government have committed to increasing spending yet further over the longer term to 2.5% of GDP, as we improve the fiscal position and grow our economy.
Our defence plans, and the armed forces to deliver them, must be robust and credible—not fantasy force designs, unfunded gimmicks or top trump numbers.
As Russia has so effectively proven, there is no point having parade ground armies and massed ranks of men and machines if they cannot be integrated as a single, full spectrum force, sustained in the field under all the demands of modern warfighting.
That takes professional forces, well equipped and rapidly adaptable, supported by critical enablers and vast stockpiles of munitions.
That is why in this document, hon.
Members will not find shiny new announcements, comms-led policies driving unsustainable force designs or any major new platforms for military enthusiasts to put up on their charts on their bedroom wall.
We stand by the Command Paper we published in 2021 but we must get there faster, doing defence differently and getting ourselves on to a campaign footing to protect the nation and help it prosper.
As I said standing here when DCP21 was announced, we owe it to the men and women of our armed forces to make policy reality.
The work was just beginning.
In this refresh, we have focused on how to drive the lessons of Ukraine into our core business and on how to recover the warfighting resilience needed to generate credible conventional deterrence.
The great advantage of having served in Defence for some time is that my ministerial team and I have now taken a proper look   under the bonnet.
Consequently, we are clear that our strategic advantage derives from four key sources which require urgent prioritisation.
First and foremost are our first-class people.
Our men and women are not just brave and committed, but talented and incredibly skilled.
They are our real battle-winning capability.
It is our duty to ensure they are as well supported, prepared and equipped as possible, so we are going to invest in them.
Last year, I commissioned Richard Haythornthwaite to conduct the first review of workforce incentivisation for almost 30 years.
It is such good work that we are incorporating the response into our Command Paper, and today I am unveiling a new employment model and skills framework for our armed forces.