Can he also provide a final figure for claims that have been made to the historical shortfall scheme and how much the Government anticipate the final compensation will cost?
I also ask the Minister what he is going to do about Post Office management.
As the only shareholder in the Post Office, does his Department take responsibility for addressing those management issues?
The leadership team accepted bonuses for their work on the inquiry, which is just unacceptable.
When will the Minister deal with this?
Sub-postmasters have had their lives ruined: they must be confident that lessons will be learned from those failures.
Sadly, it seems that the Post Office has failed to do so.
I add my thanks to the advisory board and the right hon.
Member for North Durham, but also to Lord Arbuthnot—who is a tremendous campaigner in this area—and other individuals such as  Professor Moorhead, who we were keen to include on the advisory board.
I also thank campaigners on both sides of this House who made sure that the issue came to light and that action was taken to address these horrendous situations.
On individual cases, as I said to the right hon.
Member for North Durham, we are looking at Sir Wyn’s recommendation.
There is an appeals mechanism, and condition D of the terms of reference does not prevent us from looking to make sure that claims have been settled fairly and fully.
That is something we are looking at and we will respond in due course.
On the tax position, as I said earlier, we have provided an extra £26 million to address that.
We are keen to make sure that not only all the settlements, but all the tax treatments of those settlements are fair across the board.
On the totals for the historical shortfall scheme, we have made offers totalling over £100 million in value and £72.8 million has been accepted, so we have made good progress, but we are keen to make further progress on the remaining claims that are yet to be accepted.
On the Post Office management, there have been a number of unacceptable matters relating to what has happened in the governance of the Post Office.
That is why we put in place a governance review, which is being conducted by a very competent legal firm.
It is due to report by the end of this month.
We will study that review carefully and respond accordingly.
The Minister in place at the moment will realise that former colleagues have stood at the Dispatch Box and given excuses.
The procrastination from his Department has been terrible and the effects are ongoing.
Fulsome and full compensation is to be welcomed, but the word that was missing from the Minister’s statement was “timely.”
Therefore, the first part of my question is this: why two years?
Why not two months or two weeks?
Pay the compensation to the postmasters affected.
The second part of my question is about the senior management team.
So far, they have got away with it.
They need to be held to account, as do their IT consultants.
When will something positively be done to bring those people to book?
Again, I know my hon.
Friend was one of the key campaigners on this particular issue.
I cannot speak for previous Ministers—although I have a great regard for my immediate predecessor certainly—who have dealt with this issue.
I have not seen any procrastination and we are driving this as quickly as possible within the Department.
On why not two weeks, rather than two years, settling compensation claims is complicated.
It is about specific instances of pecuniary losses and non-pecuniary losses; it is complicated.
We are keen to get that money out the door as quickly as possible and, as I have said, we are looking at creative ways to do that.
I am just as ambitious as my hon.