Will the Minister, at the Dispatch Box, confirm that that is exactly what they will do, or is the rumour that they are about to renege actually the case?
The hon.
Gentleman will have heard my response to  the hon.
Member for Brighton, Pavilion (Caroline Lucas) .
I can tell him that we are committed to tripling our adaptation finance from £500 million in 2019 to £1.5 billion by 2025.
I hope he will wait, with admitted patience, until September when we will be able to set all these figures out.
What steps he is taking to support the rights of women and girls in Afghanistan.
We condemn the Taliban’s decision to restrict the rights of women and girls.
We are working with international partners to urge the Taliban to reverse its decisions to ban women from working for the United Nations and non-governmental organisations, and to deny girls access to education.
I thank the Minister for his answer.
As he said, in Afghanistan, households led by women are effectively banned from leaving the home and are, therefore, wholly dependent on female Afghan aid workers.
With the Taliban now effectively banning female aid workers from delivering humanitarian aid, even a one or two week delay in reaching families means that mothers are turning to appallingly unacceptable negative coping mechanisms such as child marriage.
What is the impact assessment of the Taliban’s policy on the distribution of essential aid and what are the Government doing about it?
The impact assessment is truly horrific.
The effect of the Taliban’s decision is absolutely appalling and we are working with other countries to press the Taliban to reverse its decision on education, especially that on  23 March  and the ban on girls going to secondary schools.
On the specific point the hon.
Lady makes, we are doing everything, along with our likeminded allies and others with greater influence on the Taliban, to try to rectify that.
What steps he is taking to improve diplomatic relations with the Indo-Pacific region.
What progress his Department has made on improving economic relations with the Indo-Pacific region.
As was made clear in the “Integrated Review Refresh” published a couple of months ago, the Government are committed to long-term economic and security partnerships with the Indo-Pacific.
The Foreign Secretary was in Jakarta last week for the Association of Southeast Asian Nations Foreign Ministers’ Meeting, meeting regional and global partners—the first Foreign Secretary ever to attend that  meeting.
This weekend we signed the agreement—there will be a discussion on this later—paving the way for the UK’s formal accession to the Indo-Pacific trade block, the comprehensive and progressive agreement for trans-Pacific partnership, which now covers an area with a total GDP of £12 trillion.
With AUKUS subs at Barrow and Team Tempest continuing to progress at Warton, the UK’s relationship with allies in Japan and Australia is not only defending our demographic values but creating jobs in Fylde and across the north-west.
What assessment has the Minister made of the role the skills of those working in the defence manufacturing industry have played in developing diplomatic partnerships across Asia and the Pacific?
Our world-leading defence industrial base underpins our national security.
British ingenuity and skills have therefore made us a sought-after partner, as is demonstrated by the global combat air programme with Japan and Italy and AUKUS with Australia and the United States.
These enhanced partnerships will help us collectively to deliver better security for our citizens and allies.
Moreover, AUKUS submarines will be based on the UK’s world-leading submarine design.
This project will bring extensive new jobs and skills to the UK, as well as the opportunity to help Australia in particular to build up a new cohort of experts.
As the Prime Minister’s trade envoy to Cambodia and Laos, may I ask what my right hon.
Friend thinks the new and improving relationships in the Indo-Pacific region will mean for UK trade?