On pulling out all the stops, I could not agree more, and that is definitely what we are doing in the Department.
My days are never without one or other post office issue, which is not the situation we want.
On bringing forward criminal charges, of course the Government do not do that, but when our enforcement agencies determine that there have been criminal actions, wherever those criminal actions have emanated from, we would of course expect them to take action.
I call the Chair of the Business and Trade Committee.
The victims of the Post Office Horizon scandal should be fully compensated, so that they are put back into the position they would have been in had they not been a victim of this miscarriage of justice in the first place.
The Minister has agreed with that statement from the Dispatch Box before, but it is not happening.
Can I say that it is not a complicated process to be able to quantify their losses and to be able to compensate them fully?
My Committee, I understand the advisory board and the statutory inquiry have suggested that one way to try to improve this is to remove the Post Office entirely from this process and to make it an independent process, properly budgeted, with the requirement to fully compensate the victims in the way I have described.
Why will the Government not just do that?
I thank the hon.
Member for his work in challenging us in this area.
I would probably push back a bit.
It is complicated to assess loss.
Both I and the right hon.
Member for North Durham sat in on a long call with the HSS panel recently and some eminent lawyers gave us a lot of confidence that this was being done right, on an inquisitorial basis, but it is complicated to assess those losses.
I would refer to Sir Wyn Williams’s comments.
He basically says that we should carry on what we are doing.
He would not necessarily have advised this route in the first place, but what he says now is that the best thing we can do is push on with the frameworks we have in place.
There are three different schemes.
We need to push them on more quickly of course and I am very keen to do that.
As a former post office counter clerk myself, I understand at first hand how the Horizon IT debacle had a devastating impact on postmasters, their families and their businesses.
Will the Minister assure the House that lessons have been learned from this terrible case?
Certainly, we have learned the lesson in this place to heed those warnings more quickly.
I am sure the new management of the Post Office have seen what has gone wrong, and we are clearly keen to make sure it never happens again.
I do not think we will be able to say we have learned the lessons and this will not happen again until we have received the final results of the inquiry and then decided what action can be taken against the individuals responsible, because that will be the ultimate deterrent in stopping these things happening again.
The significance of Sir Wyn bringing forward an interim report of this sort is something that should not be underestimated.
I was with  the hon.
Member for Motherwell and Wishaw (Marion Fellows)  in the APPG meeting this morning and it was clear that, as far as the chief executive of the Post Office is concerned, in dealing with historical matters such as this, he sees it as a major barrier to changing the culture within the Post Office.
Whether that is a reason or an excuse remains to be seen, but he has to ensure that that barrier is removed so that there can be no further excuses about changing the culture.
I agree, and we are determined to play our part in that of course.