To my mind, the Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe is in a strong position to cohere those efforts.
Does the Minister agree with that assessment and that the OSCE will need more resources to help achieve the stable western Balkans that we all want to see?
I do agree and I think it is a hugely valuable platform.
We must ensure that efforts to deliver good impact from the OSCE are not derailed by Putin’s machinations.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
My right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary is at the United Nations in New York for a meeting of the Security Council under the UK presidency.
Since the last oral questions, we hosted the Ukraine recovery conference in London, which raised $60 billion towards Ukraine’s reconstruction.
My right hon.
Friends the Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary attended last week’s NATO leaders summit in Vilnius, where a new tranche of military support for Ukraine was  announced.
The new White Paper on international development to 2030 is the subject of a written ministerial statement today.
On Sunday, in Auckland, New Zealand, the UK signed the CPTPP—the comprehensive and progressive agreement for trans-Pacific partnership—which represents more than 500 million people and a GDP of more than £12 trillion, which is larger than the European Union.
As well as the economic benefits to this country, what diplomatic benefits will the agreement bring?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on getting the letters of the agreement in the right order.
He will know that the agreement spans 12 economies across Asia, the Pacific and now Europe.
By 2040, we hope that it will add £2 billion to our GDP.
I call the shadow Minister.
There are reports of widespread, systematic and targeted destruction of 26 communities in Darfur.
Eighty-seven bodies were found buried in a mass grave last week, and fears are growing of genocide.
I welcome the fresh sanctions, but what steps are the Government taking with international allies to ensure that the International Criminal Court has the resources needed to investigate and to hold those responsible to account?
I want to assure the hon.
Lady that we will do everything we can to make sure that there is not a culture of impunity in the dreadful civil war in Sudan.
Together with our allies, we hold the pen at the United Nations, and with the Intergovernmental Authority on Development, the African Union, and the Troika—all of these different organisations—we are doing everything that we can to ensure that there is transparency on what is being done in Darfur and to bring to an end this dreadful conflict.
In April three members of the British-Israeli Dee family were killed in an appalling terror attack.
The Palestinian Authority continues to proudly send hundreds of millions of pounds to the terrorists behind these very same attacks.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in condemning this grotesque “pay for slay” policy?
The UK has not directly funded the Palestinian Authority since official development assistance reprioritisation in 2021.
We do not fund prisoners’ payments and we believe that the prisoner payment system should be reformed so that it is needs-based, transparent and affordable.
We continue to raise this at the highest levels with the Palestinian Authority.
We talk of a two-state solution, but we are witnessing an increase in illegal settlements and an increase in violence, not least in Jenin recently.
How is the Secretary of State using the power of his office to set a new framework, using the articles of the UN declaration on human rights, to bring about a movement towards peace, so that we see not just talk but action?
We remain committed to the middle east peace process and to finding a way forward.