Member for Motherwell and Wishaw (Marion Fellows)  in the APPG meeting this morning and it was clear that, as far as the chief executive of the Post Office is concerned, in dealing with historical matters such as this, he sees it as a major barrier to changing the culture within the Post Office.
Whether that is a reason or an excuse remains to be seen, but he has to ensure that that barrier is removed so that there can be no further excuses about changing the culture.
I agree, and we are determined to play our part in that of course.
I was very grateful for the report and I have read the recommendations.
Clearly,  there is a lot of detail in the report that I want to study and consider fully, but I thought it was very helpful.
I did not see anything in the recommendations I immediately objected to.
As I say, I want to make a good study of those things, but a number of different processes have to take place.
We have to give due process the time to do its work in making sure that we establish exactly what has gone on, so that we can put those matters right.
I, like many others, have sub-postmasters who have suffered in this space.
I would just like to thank Members across the House, most notably the Minister, his predecessor, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Sutton and Cheam (Paul Scully) ,  the hon.
Member for Bristol North West (Darren Jones) —I was on the Select Committee when we were particularly looking at this issue, and thank him for his time on that—and obviously  the right hon.
Member for North Durham (Mr Jones)  for his energy there.
Could I just reiterate what so many have said and ask the Minister to accelerate, with all energy, the payments to the victims, and will he please follow through on the consequences for the Post Office leadership and its IT consultants?
I thank my hon.
Friend for the points in his question, and we absolutely agree that we need to accelerate compensation payments.
As I say, we have made significant progress on the HSS scheme.
For the two other schemes—the GLO scheme and the overturned convictions scheme—we need to get those payments resolved as quickly as possible.
There have been around £40 million of interim payments through those schemes, but the full and fair compensation—the final compensation—is where we need to get to.
On holding people to account, he will have heard what I said earlier and I absolutely agree with him on that point.
The report states that there are
“something like 230-250 late applications to be determined and that there may yet be significantly more”
late applications as well.
Can the Minister confirm that those applications will be seriously considered and that those victims may be entitled to compensation?
Can he provide an assessment as to whether the numbers I have quoted are accurate or are actually higher?