It is our duty to ensure they are as well supported, prepared and equipped as possible, so we are going to invest in them.
Last year, I commissioned Richard Haythornthwaite to conduct the first review of workforce incentivisation for almost 30 years.
It is such good work that we are incorporating the response into our Command Paper, and today I am unveiling a new employment model and skills framework for our armed forces.
It will offer our people a spectrum of service that allows far greater career flexibility, making it easier for military personnel to zig-zag between different roles, whether regular or reserve, or between the civil service and industry.
We are transforming our forces’ overall employment offer by adopting a total reward approach to provide a much more compelling and competitive incentivisation package.
Since all our armed forces personnel deserve the best quality accommodation, we are injecting a further £400 million to improve our service accommodation in the next two years.
Many of us over Christmas will have been frustrated by the poor support our service personnel and their families received from those tasked with looking after their accommodation.
It is for that reason that I have withheld their profit and used the money to freeze for one year only the rent increases our personnel were due to pay.
Taken together alongside such initiatives as wraparound childcare, they are intended to enrich careers and enhance the ability of our most talented people to keep protecting the British people, and to ensure they are rewarded and fulfilled while they do so.
Our second priority is further strengthening our scientific and technological base.
We are already world leaders in specific areas, but to continue outmatching our adversaries we must stay ahead of the curve in digital, data and emerging scientific fields.
In 2021, we said we would invest £6.6 billion in advanced research and development.
In fact, we are now investing significantly more to stay ahead in the technologies proving themselves vital on the battlefields of Ukraine, such as AI, quantum and robotics.
We are enabling a culture of innovation across Defence, pulling through those R&D breakthroughs to the frontline.
Following in Ukraine’s footsteps, we are increasingly sourcing the £100 solutions that can stop £100 million threats in their tracks, winning both the kinetic and economic exchanges of modern warfare.
Of course, our ability to do that depends on the quality of our relationship with the industry, which is our third priority.
I am pushing the Ministry of Defence to form a closer alliance with our industrial partners.
A genuine partnership to sustain our defence will mean doing things differently.
Ukraine reminds us that time waits for no one.
It is no good holding out for the 100% solution that is obsolete by the time it is launched.
Often, 80% is good enough, especially if it means swiftly putting kit into the hands of our service personnel.
Capabilities can be rapidly upgraded, spirally developed, for the relentless cycles of battlefield adaptation to win  the innovation battle.
Instead of sticking to acquisition programmes that drag on for decades, we are setting maximum delivery periods of five years for hardware and three years for digital programmes.
Our fourth priority is productivity and campaigning.
To face this increasingly contested and volatile world, we need to make major changes to the machinery of the Department and its methods.
We are emphasising an ethos focused ruthlessly on the delivery of real-world effect, increasing the bang for buck in everything we do.
This approach reaches into every part of the Defence enterprise, from the front line to the back office, and involves a major redesign of the Department.
We must shift our whole organisational culture away from the previous peacetime mentality to one where we live and operate as we would fight, focusing more on outputs than inputs and achieving a better balance between risk and reward.