With permission, I would like to make a statement on the publication of our refreshed defence Command Paper.
It is just over two years since we published the original Command Paper in March 2021.
In those two years, our security has been challenged in so many ways.
This is Defence’s response to a more contested and volatile world.
In the last four years that I have been Defence Secretary, I have been consistent about the reform I have sought to implement.
I want Defence to be threat-led—understanding and acting on the threats facing our nation as our sole mission; not protecting force structures, cap badges or much-loved equipment but ensuring that we are focused on challenging threats.
I want the Ministry of Defence to be a campaigning Department, adopting a more proactive posture, and our forces more forward and present in the world, with a return to campaigning assertively and constantly, pushing back those threats and our adversaries.
I want Defence to be sustainable in every sense.
For too long, Defence was hollowed out by both Labour and Conservative Governments, leaving our forces overstretched and underequipped.
We must match our ambitions to our resources, our equipment plans to our budget, and take care of our people to sustain them in their duties.
We must never forget the travesty of the Snatch Land Rovers in Afghanistan.
The 2021 defence Command Paper was true to those principles and, with some tough choices, presented an honest plan for what we can and will achieve: a credible force, capable of protecting the nation, ready to meet the threats of today but investing heavily to modernise for those of the future; a force in which every major platform would be renewed by 2035, from armoured vehicles to Dreadnought submarines, frigates to satellites.
We did not plan on issuing a new Command Paper just two years on.
Many of the conclusions of that Command Paper remain right: Russia was and is the greatest threat to European security, and China’s rapid military modernisation and growing assertiveness in the Indo-Pacific and beyond do pose an increasing challenge to us all.
However, I have always said that as the situation changes, we must change with it.
Since the first DCP was released, the world has shifted once more, from a competitive age to a contested and volatile world.
The technology advances we predicted materialised.
The threats and challenges we feared have manifested.
There is no more immediate threat than Russia.
Its full-scale invasion of Ukraine was not simply an assault on a proud and sovereign nation but an attack on all our values, European security and the open international order on which stability and prosperity have depended for over three quarters of a century.
Right now, the people of Ukraine are suffering the tragic consequences of President Putin’s illegal, unprovoked invasion.
His naked aggression and imperial ambitions have played out in a tragedy of epic human suffering.
The brave citizen soldiers of the armed forces of Ukraine are protecting their own nation and people, quite heroically taking on the once mighty Russian forces.
The whole  House recognises that they fight not just for their freedom but for ours.
They are not just liberating their homeland but defending the rules-based system.
As Defence Secretary it is important to import the lessons learned from the conflict to our own forces.
While I wish such lessons were generated in a different war, the conflict has become an incubator of new ways of war.
They are proving the way for warfare in the 2020s—whole of nation, internationally partnered, innovative, digitised, operating with a tempo, precision and range requirement and a recognition that there is a trade-off between assurance levels and operational impact.
I am proud, too, of the role the UK is playing in supporting Ukraine, whether providing equipment, training or political support, or galvanising European and international allies and industrial partners to do likewise.