Last month the UN’s world food programme announced the cessation of food aid in Ethiopia following the large-scale diversion of supplies.
The UN has this week estimated that 8.8 million people in northern Ethiopia are in need of food aid, and severe malnutrition has increased by 196% over the past year.
Will the Minister set out what the Government are doing to respond to this desperate humanitarian crisis?
We are working incredibly closely with the UN agencies, in particular the World Food Programme.
We are conscious of, have investigated, and I think have now dealt with the issue of food being stolen.
We announced recently that we would spend £143 million on humanitarian support in the horn of Africa.
I welcome the written ministerial statement on the international development White Paper, although an oral statement to the House would have been better.
How does my right hon.
Friend the Minister intend to achieve the consensual approach that is clearly his aspiration for international development, and does he agree, having heard many examples this morning, that nutrition and combating hunger must be at the heart of any strategy?
I am extremely grateful to my right hon.
Friend for his comments.
As he knows, we will hold a summit specifically on stopping children starving to death in November.
I hope that the White Paper will be announced at that summit, but of course he is right.
This is a cross-party White Paper designed to ensure that we reach the sustainable development goals, which are way off target at this midway point, and do something to combat the appalling dangers that the world faces, and which we have seen so graphically in recent days, on climate change.
For more than a year, the House has been highlighting the threat of atrocity crimes returning to Sudan, as the Minister has heard again today cross-party.
Last week, we saw more mass graves and widespread and systematic identity-based targeting of communities.
How much evidence do the Government need before they acknowledge those crimes against humanity, and act on their own policy to take effective action to prevent and respond to atrocities?
The hon.
Lady is entirely right in the language that she uses about the atrocities taking place in Sudan and Darfur.
That point has been extensively ventilated at this question time.
All I can say to her, to add to what I have said already, is that we are working very closely with our allies, particularly the Americans, on precisely the subject that she has identified.
Murder, rape and pillage continue on a massive scale across Sudan.
As well as ensuring that humanitarian aid gets to those on the borders, and the financial sanctions that we introduced last week, will the ministerial team look further at ways  to cut off the source of funding for this violence, in particular by sanctioning Al-Khaleej Bank and Omdurman National Bank, which are associated with the two warring generals?
My right hon.
Friend, who knows a lot about the subject, can rest assured that we are looking at all possible sanctions and other measures that we can take.
She refers to humanitarian access.
She will know that 15 humanitarian workers have been murdered during the course of the violence, but we will do everything that we can to ensure that what she wants to see happen happens.
The Department’s travel advice is highly respected, with observance considered mandatory by many businesses.
What advice will the Minister give to a British organisation that needs to send an employee to Uganda—advice that protects the rights of that employee and their privacy, while also protecting LGBT+ employees in this country from exposure in Uganda to its cruel Anti- Homosexuality Act, which criminalises LGBT+ intimacy and freedom of expression?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right.
The British Government and the whole House are appalled by the law that has been passed by Uganda.