encourage and expand the use of prescribed fire on land managed by the Department of the Interior or the Forest Service, with an emphasis on units of the National Forest System in the western United States, to acknowledge and support the longstanding use of cultural burning by Tribes and Indigenous practitioners, S. 4431, to reinstate the Bull Mountains Mining Plan Modification, S. 4432, to allow certain Federal minerals to be mined consistent with the Bull Mountains Mining Plan Modification, S. 4451, to require the Secretary of the Interior to enter into an agreement with the National Academy of Sciences to carry out a study on reservation systems for Federal land, S. 4454, to provide for the establishment of an Operational Flexibility Grazing Management Program on land managed by the Bureau of Land Management, S. 4457, to provide for conservation and economic development in the State of Nevada, S. 4576, to amend the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015, to reauthorize the Colorado River System conservation pilot program, S. 4607, to designate the America's National Churchill Museum National Historic Landmark, S. 4664, to require the Secretary of Energy to establish a program to promote the use of artificial intelligence to support the missions of the Department of Energy, S. 4851, to adjust the boundaries of the Golden Gate National Recreation Area to include the Scarper Ridge property, S. 4932, to amend the National Quantum Initiative Act to provide for a research, development, and demonstration program, S. 4936, to require a study relating to the Minidoka National Historic Site, S. 4974, to amend the John D. Dingell, Jr. Conservation, Management, and Recreation Act to reauthorize the National Volcano Early Warning and Monitoring System, S. 4994, to modify the boundary of the Vicksburg National Military Park in the State of Mississippi, S. 4996, to amend Public Law 89-108 to modify the authorization of appropriations for State and Tribal, municipal, rural, and industrial water supplies, S. 4999, to amend the Aquifer Recharge Flexibility Act to clarify a provision relating to conveyances for aquifer recharge purposes, S. 5000, to prohibit the use of amounts from the Upper Colorado River Basin Fund to implement a certain record of decision, S. 5005, to authorize additional funding for the San Joaquin River Restoration Settlement Act, S. 5011, to establish the Integrated Water Management Federal Leadership Committee, to provide for improved drought resilience and dam safety, S. 5012, to establish an interest-bearing account for the non- Federal contributions to the Lower Colorado River Multi-Species Conservation Program, S. 5013, to make certain modifications to the repayment for the Arkansas Valley Conduit in the State of Colorado, S. 5014, to provide for the establishment of a Water Project Navigators Program, S. 5125, to provide for certain improvements to the housing and workforce programs of Federal land management agencies, H.R. 359, to establish Fort San Geronimo del Boqueron in Puerto Rico as an affiliated area of the National Park System, H.R. 3448, to amend chapter 3081 of title 54, United States Code, to enhance the protection and preservation of America's battlefields, H.R. 4984, to amend the District of Columbia Stadium Act of 1957 to provide for the transfer of administrative jurisdiction over the Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Stadium Campus to the Administrator of General Services and the leasing of the Campus to the District of Columbia for purposes which include commercial and residential development, H.R. 5443, to establish a policy regarding appraisal and valuation services for real property for a transaction over which the Secretary of the Interior has jurisdiction, H.R. 6062, to restore the ability of the people of American Samoa to approve amendments to the territorial constitution based on majority rule in a democratic act of self-determination, as authorized pursuant to an Act of Congress delegating administration of Federal territorial law in the territory to the President, and to the Secretary of the Interior under Executive Order 10264, dated June 29, 1951, under which the Constitution of American Samoa was approved and may be amended without requirement for further congressional action, subject to the authority of Congress under the Territorial Clause in article IV, section 3, clause 2 of the United States Constitution, and an original bill to require the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study of Plum Island, New York. SD-366 10 a.m. Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine breaking the Visa-Mastercard duopoly, focusing on bringing competition and lower fees to the credit card system. SD-226 2 p.m. Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Privacy, Technology, and the Law To hold hearings to examine China's cybersecurity threat, focusing on big hacks and big tech. SD-226