made batteries, H.R. 255, to amend the Disaster Recovery Reform Act of 2018 to develop a study regarding streamlining and consolidating information collection and preliminary damage assessments, H.R. 9596, to amend title 41, United States Code, and title 10, United States Code, to provide best value through the multiple award schedule program, H.R. 7832, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop a plan to identify, integrate, and deploy new, innovative, disruptive, or other emerging or advanced technologies to enhance, or address capability gaps in, border security operations, H.R. 5867, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 109 Live Oaks Boulevard in Casselberry, Florida, as the ``Colonel Joseph William Kittinger II Post Office Building'', H.R. 6162, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 379 North Oates Street in Dothan, Alabama, as the ``LaBruce `Bruce' Tidwell Post Office Building'', H.R. 6188, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 420 Highway 17 North in Surfside Beach, South Carolina, as the ``Nancy Yount Childs Post Office Building'', H.R. 6633, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9355 113th Street in Seminole, Florida, as the ``Army SSG Ryan Christian Knauss Memorial Post Office Building'', H.R. 6750, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 501 Mercer Street Southwest in Wilson, North Carolina, as the ``Milton F. Fitch, Sr. Post Office Building'', H.R. 8057, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9317 Bolsa Avenue in Westminster, California, as the ``Little Saigon Vietnam War Veterans Memorial Post Office'', an original bill entitled, ``Federal Acquisition Security Council Improvement Act'', an original bill entitled, ``Organizing and Revealing the Government's Construction, Hierarchies, Appointments, Responsibilities, and Tasks Act'', an original bill entitled, ``Rebuilding with Resilience Act'', an original bill entitled, ``Cooperation on Combatting Human Smuggling and Trafficking Act'', an original bill entitled, ``DHS Cybersecurity Internship Program Act'', an original bill entitled, ``Streamlining Law Enforcement Information Sharing Act'', am original bill entitled, ``DHS Intelligence and Analysis Oversight and Transparency Act'', and the nominations of Val Butler Demings, of Florida, William Zollars, of Kansas, and Gordon Hartogensis, of Connecticut, each to be a Governor of the United States Postal Service, and James Graham Lake, and Nicholas George Miranda, both to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District