Federal waterways among Federal land and water management agencies, S. 3195, to designate the General George C. Marshall House, in the Commonwealth of Virginia, as an affiliated area of the National Park System, S. 3241, to establish the Grand Village of the Natchez Indians and Jefferson College as affiliated areas of the Natchez Historical Park, S. 3346, to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate certain streams in the greater Yellowstone ecosystem and Smith River system in the State of Montana as components of the Wild and Scenic Rivers System, S. 3474, to redesignate the Hulls Cove Visitor Center at Acadia National Park as the ``George J. Mitchell, Jr., Visitor Center'', S. 3534, to authorize the Pines Foundation to establish the Fire Island AIDS Memorial, S. 3542, to amend the Atchafalaya National Heritage Area Act to modify the boundary of the Atchafalaya National Heritage Area, S. 3543, to establish the Historic Greenwood District-Black Wall Street National Monument in the State of Oklahoma, S. 3544, to designate the visitor and education center at Fort McHenry National Monument and Historic Shrine as the ``Paul S. Sarbanes Visitor and Education Center'', S. 3593, to provide for economic development and conservation in Washoe County, Nevada, S. 3596, to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to amend references of gilsonite to asphaltite, S. 3617, to provide equitable treatment for the people of the Village Corporation established for the Native Village of Saxman, Alaska, S. 3631, to require reports on critical mineral and rare earth element resources around the world and a strategy for the development of advanced mining, refining, separation, and processing technologies, S. 3790, to make additional Federal public land available for selection under the Alaska Native Vietnam era veterans land allotment program, S. 3985, to amend the Colorado Wilderness Act of 1993 to add certain land to the Sarvis Creek Wilderness, S. 4016, to amend the Boulder Canyon Project Act to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to expend amounts in the Colorado River Dam fund, S. 4129, to contribute funds and artifacts to the Theodore Roosevelt Presidential Library in Medora, North Dakota, S. 4164, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of the Cahokia Mounds and surrounding land in the States of Illinois and Missouri, S. 4209, to provide greater regional access to the Katahdin Woods and Waters National Monument in the State of Maine, S. 4216, to establish the Ocmulgee Mounds National Park and Preserve in the State of Georgia, S. 4218, to designate the visitor center for the First State National Historical Park to be located at the Sheriff's House in New Castle, Delaware, as the ``Thomas R. Carper Visitor Center'', S. 4222, to adjust the boundary of the Mojave National Preserve in the State of California to include the land within the Castle Mountains National Monument, S. 4227, to amend the California Desert Protection Act of 1994 to expand the boundary of Joshua Tree National Park, S. 4228, to redesignate the Cottonwood Visitor Center at Joshua Tree National Park as the ``Senator Dianne Feinstein Visitor Center'', S. 4242, to extend the authorization