Secondly, in our democracy, the Commons must make this decision.
Only we, elected by our constituents, have the legitimacy to do this.
It is not the DPP, the Crown Prosecution Service, the police, doctors or even unelected Members of the House of Lords—this House of Commons must make this decision.
Let us be clear that all of us on both sides of the debate strongly support an increase in the quality and extent of palliative care.
For me, the debate is about extending choice, in very narrow and heavily regulated circumstances under the Bill, as the hon.
Lady so clearly set out—the choice not to be forced to end your life in pain and indignity.
No element in the Bill talks about intolerable suffering.
Many believe that the Bill is too narrowly drawn.
I stand by the hon.
Lady’s drafting.
We should remember that in Oregon there has been no serious attempt to change or amend the law.
I had the privilege of speaking to an NHS consultant last year, the day before she headed to Dignitas.
She said, “I love my country, but I object very strongly to my country forcing me to make this choice, and to having to travel unaccompanied to a foreign country to die.”
The status quo is cruel and dangerous.
People caught up in these circumstances have no transparency; there is no regulation, safeguards or oversight.
The Bill contains a whole series of safeguards that are not present at the moment.
Thirdly, we are deciding today on a principle.
If the Bill is voted down on Second Reading, that will be the end of the matter for many years, and we will do that in the knowledge that Scotland, the Isle of Man, Jersey and many other countries are likely to bring in legislation like this.
There are 300 million people in 30 jurisdictions who have secured this ability to choose.
There will be numerous safeguards.
There will not be a slippery slope unless this Parliament agrees to there being one.
If we agree to a Second Reading today it is, in my judgment, inconceivable that the Government Front Bench will not ensure we have the proper time to scrutinise the Bill.
This Bill goes with the grain of our constituents’ views—about 75%, according to the most recent polling.
There is an opportunity and a chance, as the hon.
Member for Spen Valley has set out, to consider in detail these matters ahead of Third Reading.
As drafted, the Bill seems to me a very modest and controlled proposal.
Let us not forget this: Oregon shows us that fewer people take these steps once they know they have this choice as a back-up.
I end with something I have never forgotten.
Some years ago, I was listening in a debate to a young man who had recently lost his father.
He had visited his father and seen him in great pain and indignity.
He had seen him three days before he died.
In the end his father put a bag over his head and used his dressing-gown cord to hang himself.
That young man said to all of us: “If you are ever in this position, let’s hope that God will help you, because they certainly won’t.”
Today, this House has the opportunity to ensure that they will.
It is a pleasure to follow the excellent speech of  the right hon.
Member for Sutton Coldfield (Mr Mitchell) .
In preparation for today I have had a number of discussions with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Spen Valley (Kim Leadbeater) , and I want to put on record that the measured way she has dealt with the proceedings has been excellent.