This Bill could not be made any broader through any judicial process.
Speaking of process, with reference to the Bill, having listened to what I know are genuine concerns of Members about ensuring that we get this legislation right, I commit to the House that if the Bill passes Second Reading today, which I sincerely hope it does, I am minded to move a motion that gives the Bill Committee the power to take oral and written evidence in order to ensure that a thorough approach continues to be taken.
That is not normal procedure for a private Member’s Bill, but I think that that is the right thing to do.
I also reassure colleagues that the Bill Committee will meet over a number of weeks, meaning that there is ample time for full consideration of the details of the Bill, including amendments.
The Committee will be representative of the views and make-up of the House.
Let me be clear: that will mean there will be representatives of different parties with a range of views on the Committee.
As the Leader of the House said at the Dispatch Box just yesterday, and has said several times, the Government will, of course, work with me to ensure that the Bill is workable and operable.
That will quite rightly take time, and I have included in the Bill a commencement period of up to two years—this is not going to happen overnight.
That timeframe can be explored in Committee, as it is more important to get this right than to do it quickly.
In conclusion, for the reasons I have set out, I am very clear that the law needs to change to give terminally ill people choice at the end of life and to protect their loved ones from fear of prosecution.
There will be some of us here today who are lucky enough not to have personal experience of this issue, but sadly we know that any one of us could end up in this heartbreaking situation.
We are all living longer, which is brilliant, and I have campaigned inside and outside Parliament for a greater focus on prevention and early intervention of illness and disease to keep us fit and healthy for as long as possible, but any one of us or our loved ones could be unfortunate or unlucky enough to receive a terminal diagnosis.
I struggle to see how it is fair or just to deny anyone the autonomy, dignity and personal choice of taking control of their final weeks.
And the right to choose does not take away the right not to choose.
Giving the choice of an assisted death to those who want it would of course not stop anyone who is terminally ill from choosing not to make that choice.
Whatever happens today, I am incredibly proud of the work that my fantastic team and the many campaigners have done on this hugely significant, emotional and sensitive subject.
We need to be clear: a vote to take this Bill forward today is not a vote to implement the law tomorrow.
It is a vote to continue the debate.
It is a vote to subject the Bill to line-by-line scrutiny in Committee, on Report and on Third Reading.
Then, of course, the Bill will go to the Lords for what I have no doubt will be further robust debate and scrutiny.
This will be a thorough process, focused on one of the most significant issues of our time—an issue that people across the country clearly want us to address, none more so than the many families who are facing the brutal and cruel reality of the status quo.
Today is the beginning, not the end, of that process, but the debate can continue only if colleagues join me in the Aye lobby today.
I wholeheartedly encourage them to do so, and I commend the Bill to the House.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.