Is it not the case that the conversations that patients will have with doctors will bring out whether they have been coerced or are suffering intolerably?
The criteria are about suffering, not whether somebody worries that they are a burden.
I agree absolutely.
Those conversations, which are not taking place at the moment, are very important.
I will make some progress.
There has rightly been a lot of discussion about palliative care in recent weeks, and I am convinced that a significant amount of that discussion would not have taken place without the introduction of the Bill.
It is a long overdue conversation, and I am very pleased to see it happening.
I have met with the Association for Palliative Medicine, Hospice UK, Sue Ryder and Marie Curie, and last week I was delighted to attend the inaugural meeting of the all-party parliamentary group for hospices.
I also attended the fantastic Kirkwood hospice, which serves my constituency of Spen Valley.
I pay tribute to the dedicated staff and volunteers across the country in the palliative care sector, who do some of the most vital work in society.
We must do more to support them, and I look forward to working with the Government and colleagues across the House in that important endeavour.
That is why I have included in the Bill a requirement for the Secretary of State to report to the House on the availability, quality and distribution of palliative care.
Of course, assisted dying is not a substitute for palliative care—it is not an either/or.
We have some of the best palliative care in the world in this country, and, when it can meet the needs of terminally ill people, it is second to none.
However, when it cannot, surely the choice of an assisted death should be one component of a holistic approach to end of life care.
The comprehensive report by the Health and Social Care Committee, published earlier this year, found no indications of palliative care deteriorating in quality or provision in places where assisted dying had been introduced.
Ever mindful of what the hon.
Lady has said about the criteria, I remind her that Belgium started off with a simple project like the one she refers to but it deteriorated and expanded to include sufferers of dementia and under-18s—children.
What guarantees do we have that this legislation will not end up with a situation like that in Belgium, in which case anything goes?
Is that what the hon.
Lady wants?
I do not want that.
Does she?
I thank the hon.
Member for his intervention, but let us be very, very clear.
Huge amounts of research has been done by the Health and Social Care Committee, and indeed by myself and others.
The model being proposed here is nothing like what happens in Belgium.
It is nothing like what happens in Canada.
There are strict, stringent criteria, and if the House chooses to pass the Bill, those criteria cannot be changed.
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for giving way and congratulate her on the measured way in which she has conducted this debate over the last few weeks.
Whatever side of the House and whatever side of the debate, I would like to recognise that—it is not always the case.
But is it not the case that the Bill crosses a new and irreversible medical red line for doctors and nurses?
Is it not the case that in other Bills we have seen in this House over the years, the safeguards invariably become obsolete over time, and so the safeguards in this Bill, however well meant, should be seen as temporary safeguards and not immutable safeguards?
Absolutely not.
I respectfully disagree with the right hon.
Gentleman.
In countries where a Bill of this nature has been implemented, the safeguards have been in place and the boundaries have never changed.
I will come on to talk about that.