In 2021, it was extended to people with no terminal illness and the disabled.
In March 2027, anyone with a serious mental health problem will also be eligible.
The House should remember that no single organisation representing the disabled supports the Bill.
My daughter Maria lived her life with severe disabilities and health conditions.
Since her birth, we were told many times that she might have only six months to live.
She lived for 27 years.
Crucially, Maria was non-verbal.
I am filled with dread and fear about what might happen to people like Maria who are non-verbal and do not have that capacity, if they are not loved and cared for and do not have somebody speaking out for them.
I have heard so many stories like that.
The arbitrary cut-off of six months does not necessarily meet with the reality of sick people.
The case of Maria, and others, should give us all pause.
Does the right hon.
Lady agree, with two thirds of the Cabinet apparently supporting this measure in principle, that we should reject the Bill today, but that we should as a House commit not to go another 10 years ignoring this topic, but to come forward in a considered way, ensure it is looked at properly, and do everything possible to have a system that is more robust, more caring and ensures good outcomes for people like Maria?
Order.
Let me also say that we must try to keep to the time limits.
I agree with the right hon.
Gentleman.
As I said right at the beginning, I am not against assisting dying in any circumstances.
If the Bill passes, we will have the NHS as a 100% funded suicide service, but palliative care will be funded only at 30% at best.
The former Member for Dunfermline East, Gordon Brown, has said recently:
“we need to show we can do better at assisted living before deciding whether to legislate on ways to die.”
I represent very many vulnerable people in marginalised communities.
I cannot vote for a Bill when I have doubts about whether they will be protected.
We can come back, have a commission and craft a better Bill, but I will not be voting for the Bill today.
I want to make three brief points.
First, I have completely changed by mind on this subject since I entered the House during the last century, because I have sat in my advice surgery with tears pouring down my face listening to constituents who have set out so clearly, speaking with such emotion, about how their mother, brother, father or child had died in great pain and great indignity.
I strongly support the Bill, and I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Spen Valley (Kim Leadbeater)  on the excellent way in which she has presented it.
I believe that we should give our constituents—our fellow citizens—this choice.
I want this choice for my constituents; I want it for those whom I love; and I want it, perhaps one day, for myself.
Will the right hon.
Gentleman give way?
I will not, I am afraid.
The current law forces people to plan their deaths in secret.
Their bodies are found by their loved ones.
Often, they die in the  most horrific circumstances.
They have no chance to say goodbye to their loved ones.
It is devastating for their families.
The former Health Secretary commissioned the Office for National Statistics to try to find out how many people who committed suicide every year were dying people.
The figure was between 300 and 650.
Secondly, in our democracy, the Commons must make this decision.
Only we, elected by our constituents, have the legitimacy to do this.
It is not the DPP, the Crown Prosecution Service, the police, doctors or even unelected Members of the House of Lords—this House of Commons must make this decision.