It was a good principle in 1969 and it remains a good principle today.
I am not against legalising assisted dying in any circumstance, but I have many reservations about this Bill.
In particular, I do not believe that the safeguards are sufficient.
They are supposed to be the strongest in the world because of the involvement of a High Court judge, but the divisional courts have said that
“the intervention of a court would simply interpose an expensive and time-consuming forensic procedure”.
Sir James Munby, the former president of the family division of the High Court, said recently:
“Only those who believe implicitly in judicial omniscience and infallibility—and I do not—can possibly have any confidence in the efficacy of what is proposed.”
Is the judge supposed to second-guess doctors?
Will the judge make a decision on the basis of paperwork?
Or will there be a hearing in open court?
Where will be  the capacity in the criminal justice system to deal with all this?
Far from being a genuine safeguard, the involvement of a judge could just be a rubber stamp.
More than two thirds of care proceedings involving the most vulnerable children in our society cannot be completed within six months.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that there is a real concern that the safeguard is not deliverable, or risks being the rubber stamp that I know my hon.
Friend  the Member for Spen Valley (Kim Leadbeater)  does not want it to be?
I entirely agree with my hon.
Friend.
Robust safeguards for the sick and dying are vital to protect them from predatory relatives, to protect them from the state and, above all, to protect them from themselves.
There will be those who say to themselves that they do not want to be a burden; I can imagine myself saying that in particular circumstances.
Others will worry about assets they had hoped to leave for their grandchildren being eroded by the cost of care.
There will even be a handful who will think they should not be taking up a hospital bed.
My right hon.
Friend makes her case powerfully.
Can I ask her to comment on the current situation whereby people ask themselves the question she just asked today?
What safeguards are there for those people?
What inquiry is made before those people pass away, often having taken the most drastic and horrific action to do so?
But if the House passes this legislation, the issue that I have raised will become foremost in people’s minds even more so.
We are told that there is no evidence of coercion in jurisdictions where assisted suicide is possible, but people do not generally write letters to sick relatives urging them to consider assisted suicide and then put those letters on file.
Coercion in the family context can be about not what you say but what you do not say—the long, meaningful pause.
As a medical professional who is surrounded by even more senior medical professionals, I know we can all miss things when there are tangibles in front of us: the shadows on X-rays and the markers on blood tests.
As professionals, we miss things that can be seen.
What security will we have that we can pick up things that we cannot see, like coercion?
That is the point: coercion is something that there will be no material evidence of and that we cannot see.
People keep saying that the Bill cannot be amended, but of course any future Government could bring in new clauses.
We can see what has happened in Canada, which introduced assisted dying in 2016 for adults with terminal illnesses.
In 2021, it was extended to people with no terminal illness and the disabled.
In March 2027, anyone with a serious mental health problem will also be eligible.
The House should remember that no single organisation representing the disabled supports the Bill.