This will be a thorough process, focused on one of the most significant issues of our time—an issue that people across the country clearly want us to address, none more so than the many families who are facing the brutal and cruel reality of the status quo.
Today is the beginning, not the end, of that process, but the debate can continue only if colleagues join me in the Aye lobby today.
I wholeheartedly encourage them to do so, and I commend the Bill to the House.
I think you indicated that I could speak for a little longer than eight minutes, Mr Speaker.
Yes.
Thank you very much.
I do not want to have too much grumbling at the eight-minute moment.
I will take my 15 minutes, with time for interventions.
I start by paying tribute to  the hon.
Member for Spen Valley (Kim Leadbeater)  for her very powerful speech and the way in which she has led this campaign—with great respect, sensitivity and, to use a contested word, dignity.
She and I knew each other before we were MPs, when we both worked in the charity sector.
I like and admire her greatly, and I know that we have more in common than might appear today.
All of us in this House have this in common: we all share a deep concern about the experience of people dying or fearing death, pain and suffering.
I bear heavily on my conscience the people whose lives will be prolonged beyond their wishes if I get my way and this Bill is defeated today.
I will not disregard those people or minimise their anxiety.
We will hear those voices in today’s debate—we have heard many of them already—speaking through hon.
Members in what I know will be very moving speeches.
If I voted for this Bill, I would have on my conscience many more people whose voices we cannot hear—the people who would be vulnerable as a consequence of the huge changes that this Bill would introduce in our society and in the NHS.
My view is that if we get our broken palliative care system right and our wonderful hospices properly funded, we can do so much more for all the people who we will hear about today, using modern pain relief and therapies to help everybody die with a minimum of suffering when the time comes.
We will not be able to do that if we introduce this new option; instead, we will expose many more people to harm.
I will go through the Bill in a moment, but first I will say a word about process, in response to the points made by the hon.
Member for Spen Valley.
This Bill is  simply too big for the time that it has been given, and I implore hon.
Members not to hide behind the fiction that it can be amended substantially in Committee and in its later stages.
The remaining stages of a private Member’s Bill are for minor tweaks, not the kind of wholesale restructuring that we would need if we were ever to make this Bill safe.
Members who vote for the Bill today must be prepared to see it become law largely unamended.
I suggest that if they have any doubts, the only responsible choice is to vote no, and let the advocates of assisted dying bring back a better Bill at another time.
I deeply appreciate the respectful way in which the hon.
Gentleman is making his point, but I stand before him not sure of how any colleague in this Chamber cannot have doubts whichever way they are voting today.
It feels like there are two necessary harms that we are all forced to weigh up.
If the hon.