On safeguards, I do not follow the view of opponents of the Bill.
At some times they seem to say that they are too complex, too expensive and that there are not enough resources.
If we want to resource the Bill, we can.
I do not think that those are the strongest arguments.
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
I really do not want to, because of the time.
I am sorry. [
Interruption.]
Should I?
I will give way once.
My hon.
Friend talks a little about safeguards.
I invite him and the House to reflect on the covid pandemic, when a lot of safeguards around a lot of things were relaxed.
I worry that if we were to see another pandemic on the scale that we saw in 2020, people might feel that they were doing something patriotic by getting out of the way and freeing up a bed for a younger person.
I invite him to reflect on that.
In practice, a terminally ill person will need to formally consider their decision at least eight times under the provisions in the Bill.
This is a starting point—a number of Members have made that point.
I believe the Bill has already had more scrutiny than most public Bills we consider, but we have up to nine months before us to consider it further.
All the practical and legal considerations point towards the Bill.
It may well be amended to change the safeguards or the way it operates, but we have the opportunity to do that.
In the end, for me, that is not the decision.
The decision is about two things: it is about human dignity and it is about agency.
I would like to think that even at the end of life—no, especially at the end of life—when someone has their faculties but may be at their weakest ebb, they can still exercise that agency and still make decisions for themselves.
They can have the longest life they can and they can end that life in the way that is most beneficial to them, their loved ones and their family.
That is simply not happening, and by voting against the Bill today Members ignore those facts.
When I was a child, my parents shielded me from death.
Centuries of art, literature and religion taught me that death was something noble or even slightly romantic.
When I became an adult, I learnt pretty quickly that that was not the case.
For far too many, it is anything but and certainly not noble.
The deathbed for far too many is a place of misery, torture and degradation, a reign of blood and vomit and tears.
I see no compassion and beauty in that, only profound human suffering.
In 10 years of campaigning on this issue, I have spent many, many hours with dying and bereaved people, which has, time and again, reinforced my view.
I am a co-sponsor of the Bill and I am the co-chair of the all-party parliamentary group for choice at the end of life.
I could give a speech to promote the Bill, but my hon.
Friend—and I do call her a friend— the Member for Spen Valley (Kim Leadbeater)  has done that remarkably well.
In my speech I want to address some of the common issues that have been raised, and that will no doubt be raised during the debate, with which I struggle.
First, we will no doubt hear an awful lot about the overseas experience.
I am married to a Canadian, and I can tell the House that they love their children just as much as we do.
The idea that the Canadians, Australians, New Zealanders, Spanish and Austrians care little for their relatives, or indeed for the wider society in which they live, is frankly offensive.
We should not pretend that somehow we are special or different.