Thank you, Mr Speaker, and thank you to everyone who is attending this hugely significant debate.
It is a privilege to open the debate on the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Bill, a piece of legislation that would give dying people, under stringent criteria, choice, autonomy and dignity at the end of their lives.
I welcome the debate on this hugely important issue.
Let me say to colleagues across the House, particularly new colleagues, that I know this is not easy—it certainly has not been easy for me—but if any of us wanted an easy life, I am afraid we are in the wrong place.
It is our job to address complex issues and make difficult decisions.
I know that for many people this is a very difficult decision, but our job is also to address the issues that matter to people.
After nearly a decade since the subject was debated on the Floor of the House, many would say that the debate is long overdue.
For my part, I have tried incredibly hard to ensure that the tone of the debate has been—and continues to be—robust, of course, but most importantly respectful and compassionate.
I am pleased that, for the most part, that has been the case.
I can be confident that that same tone of respect and compassion will be adopted by colleagues today, whatever views they hold.
That is particularly important as we have people in the Public Gallery who have a strong personal interest in this issue.
They hold a range of views.
Some of them have lost loved ones in difficult and traumatic circumstances, and others are themselves terminally ill.
I want to pay a huge and heartfelt tribute to those families and to every single person who has contacted me about this issue, and in many cases shared their own very personal stories of loss and death.
I know from my own personal experience of grief that telling your story over and over again takes energy, courage and strength.
I am incredibly grateful to them all.
It is their voices and their stories that have inspired me.
Such stories are difficult to hear, but it is vital that they are heard as they are at the heart of the debate.
They show that the law is failing people.
Where that is the case, we have a duty to do what is right to fix it.
Those here today or watching at home are dealing with the real consequences of the failings of the current system.
I will start by recounting just a few of their stories.
Warwick was married to his wife Ann for nearly 40 years.
She had terminal peritoneal cancer, which meant that she could not breathe properly.
She spent four days gasping and choking, remaining awake throughout despite being given the maximum dose of sedatives.
She eventually died of suffocation.
She had begged Warwick to end her life, but as he stood over her with a pillow he could not do what she asked as he did not want that to be her final memory of him.
Ann had excellent palliative care, but it simply could not ease her suffering.
Tim fell in love at first sight when he met his wife Louise—he proposed after just three days.
But Louise got cancer, twice, and at the end, the morphine simply could not control her pain.
In desperation, she managed to smash a small glass bottle and tried to take her own life, not realising that her toddler daughter had got into bed with her.
Tim found her.
He says,
“You get to a point where you stop praying for a miracle and start praying for mercy.”
Former police officer James waved is mum off as she embarked on her final trip, to Dignitas.
She had terminal vasculitis.