I am grateful for that intervention.
The assessments have to determine whether the patient is terminally ill, whether they have mental capacity to make the decision, and then whether they have been coerced or pressured into the decision.
In many ways the whole issue turns on the question of whether someone is terminally ill.
I am afraid that it is a term of great elasticity, almost to the point of meaninglessness.
It is well known, as  the right hon.
Member for Belfast East (Gavin Robinson)  said earlier, that it is impossible for doctors to predict with any accuracy that somebody will die within six months.
It is a purely subjective judgment, made in this case by a doctor whose job will be approving assisted deaths.
They simply have to determine not whether it is reasonably certain that death will occur, but that it can be reasonably expected—in other words, that it is possible.
The thrust of the Bill, as I understand it, is to ease suffering and pain in a patient who has a diagnosis and will die of the condition that has been diagnosed.
But that right could only be exercised within a six-month period, and the pain and discomfort could last a lot longer than that.
Has my hon.
Friend heard—because I have not—what the importance of six months is?
Why not eight, 10 or 12?
What would stop people challenging it on the grounds that the dam has been breached, the six months is entirely arbitrary and it could, and indeed should, be extended by negative resolution in a statutory instrument?
My hon.
Friend makes the right point, and I am afraid to say that is absolutely the case.
The six-month cut-off is completely arbitrary and impossible to determine.
It is a line in the sand, and of course it could be challenged, as so much of the Bill could be challenged, on human rights grounds.
Every one of the   safeguards that has been introduced by the hon.
Member for Spen Valley would in fact be a barrier and a discrimination against the new human right that has been awarded to one group but should of course be awarded to all—if the point is conceded in this way.
Earlier this week, colleagues and I met two eminent doctors who were former presidents of the Association for Palliative Medicine, and they raised serious concerns about the Bill, including that the doctor or medical practitioner who makes the assessment need never have met the person they are assessing, or been involved in their care at all.
What does the hon.
Gentleman make of that?
The hon.
Lady makes a very important point.
I will not get into the question of public opinion and the polling, because it is so contested, but there is clear evidence that the doctors who work with the dying—the palliative care professionals—are opposed to a change in the law by a great majority.
They see the damage that it would do to the palliative care profession and services, and they see the danger for vulnerable patients.
I appreciate that the hon.
Gentleman talks to us as a medical professional and we need to listen to his views.
But is it not true that any medical assessment is an approximation; something that cannot be said for certain?
For this decision too, we cannot be 100% certain, but that is life.
We cannot make legislation that is 100% good because at some point we have to make a decision, on balance, whether something has merit or not.
For that reason, we should vote for the Bill.
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady, especially for promoting me to the status of doctor; I am actually a charity worker and political hack by background.
It is good of her to credit me with those skills—perhaps I should set myself up as a medical practitioner.