She said, “Kim, I am a proud Christian and I am guided by my faith.
But I also have terminal cancer and I want the right to choose a compassionate death.”
There has been much discussion about the views of people who hold religious beliefs.
I fully respect those beliefs and do not intend to say much more about this, other than that I know there are a range of views within faith communities.
Indeed, some of the most powerful conversations that I have had have been with people of faith, including in my own constituency.
People of different religions have said that although they would not choose an assisted death for themselves or their family, who are they to stop someone else who may want to make that choice?
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
I will make some progress, if I may.
I hope that I have set out the problem that clearly exists.
Now allow me to set out how the Bill can address that problem and, most importantly, do so safely and effectively.
If the Bill were to become law, it would contain the most robust and strongest set of safeguards and protections in the world.
Very strict eligibility criteria and multiple layers of checks and safeguards are embedded in the Bill, none of which, as we have seen, exist at the moment.
I made a conscious decision to name it the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Bill, rather than anything else.
That title can never be changed and ensures that only adults who were dying would ever come within its scope.
As such, the Bill is not about people choosing between life and death; it is about giving dying people with six months or less to live autonomy about how they die and the choice to shorten their deaths.
The Bill does not apply to people with mental health conditions.
It does not apply to the elderly.
It does not apply to people with chronic health conditions, and it does not apply to disabled people, unless, of course, they have a terminal illness, in which case they would and should be entitled to the same rights as anyone else.
One group of people who are not often talked about are the learning disabled.
Clause 9(3)(b) says that if an assessing doctor has any doubt as to the capacity of the person, they may refer  them for a further psychiatric assessment.
If the Bill is voted through today, will the hon.
Member engage in a debate about whether that language should be strengthened from “may” to “must” and whether the training and experience required of the assessor should be strengthened as well?
The hon.
Lady makes an excellent point and highlights a community who we must consider in light of the Bill.
I would absolutely be open to that conversation in Committee; it is a very valid point.
There are different views within the disabled community.
As Professor of Disability Research, Sir Tom Shakespeare says that it is unacceptable that people with disabilities continue to face social stigma and inequalities, but that it would be a mistake to conclude that we should oppose legalising assisted dying for terminally ill people until those wider problems are fixed.
He says that it is paternalistic and wrong to imply that inequalities will be resolved by reducing choices, and that a clear, transparent legal framework for end-of-life choice is better for everyone.
He is right.
There is, of course, still work to do in the fight for equality for people with disabilities, but once again it is not an either/or.
I will campaign alongside many others in this place for those rights, but I will also campaign for the rights of terminally ill people, because their rights are as important as anybody else’s rights.
I have huge respect for the hon.
Lady for the way that she has conducted this debate over the last few weeks.