Friend.
I will now run through the process before taking any more interventions.
As I have explained, pretty much anybody with a serious illness or disability could work out how to qualify for an assisted death under the Bill.
Members may think that far-fetched, but it is what happens everywhere that assisted suicide is legal, including in Oregon.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
The hon.
Gentleman is using incorrect language.
It is not suicide.
That is offensive.
I ask him please to correct his language.
That is not a point of order.
I am sorry if offence is given, but the fact is that the value of having a Bill in black and white is seeing what the law really is.
What the Bill would do is amend the Suicide Act 1961.
It would allow people to assist with a suicide for the first time.
I respect the hon.
Lady’s concern, but I am afraid we do need to use the proper language here.
The Bill’s scope is very broad.
Members who think that assisted suicide for people with anorexia or other conditions that would not be regarded as terminal could not happen here should consider the young people in the UK today who are given a diagnosis of terminal anorexia and put on a palliative care pathway—essentially, assigned to death.
Of course these are extreme cases—
rose—
I am not going to give way again.
There are a great many of these cases, I am afraid, and I mention them to show how wide open the Bill is. [
Interruption.]
Order.
May I ask  the hon.
Member for Bath (Wera Hobhouse)  to keep a little calmer?
She has intervened twice already, and plenty of other Members who also need to be heard.
I think particularly of disabled people, many of whom require constant treatment to stay alive.
All, immediately and by definition, will be eligible under the terms of the Bill for a state-sponsored death.
I refer Members to the Equality and Human Rights Commission, which has made the point that the line between disability and terminal illness is very blurred.
That is why the Bill’s title is, in fact, so dangerous.
rose—
I will make a little progress.
The second question that medical practitioners have to answer is about mental capacity, and here again is a great vagueness.
How do they judge if someone is in their right mind when they are asking for help to kill themselves?
The Bill says that the definition of capacity is based on the Mental Capacity Act 2005, but that Act is deliberately expansive.
It explicitly assumes capacity in the patient, so having acute depression is no bar to being judged to have capacity under the Act.
Being suicidal is no bar under the Act, so the capacity test is no bar at all.
Finally, there is the question of coercion.
Is the patient asking for an assisted death because of pressure from someone else?
There are two glaring problems here.
The first is that the process does not even attempt to answer the question properly.
There is no investigation, no requirement for medics to interview friends and family, and no need for a psychiatrist or family doctor to be consulted.
The medics just need to satisfy themselves—who knows how?—that, to the best of their knowledge, the person has not been pressured.
The second problem with the coercion test is that it focuses on only one type of coercion—the less likely type.
The bigger danger is not other people pressuring someone to do this; it is that they pressure themselves—hon.
Members have made this point.
The Bill has nothing to say on that.
Internal pressure is absolutely fine.