I am grateful to the hon.
Lady, especially for promoting me to the status of doctor; I am actually a charity worker and political hack by background.
It is good of her to credit me with those skills—perhaps I should set myself up as a medical practitioner.
She is right that medics and indeed judges have to make difficult judgments all the time.
I think it would be very dangerous and inappropriate to give them the power to do so in this case.
The whole question of the six-month cut-off is very important.
I acknowledge all the points that have been made, but there is another problem with the definition of terminal illness.
Almost anybody with a serious illness or disability could fit the definition.
I recognise that these are not the cases that the hon.
Member for Spen Valley has in mind—of course they are not—but that is the problem with the Bill.
All that someone needs to do to qualify for an assisted death—for the definition of terminal illness—is refuse treatment, such as insulin if the person is diabetic.
In the case of eating disorders, a topic on which I have worked with  the hon.
Member for Bath (Wera Hobhouse) , a person just needs to refuse food.
The evidence from jurisdictions around the world, and our own jurisprudence, shows that that would be enough to qualify someone for an assisted death.
Does the hon.
Gentleman accept that every day in the NHS patients refuse treatment, and indeed food, and that there is currently legal oversight in respect of coercion and other such matters?
Would the Bill not strengthen protections in those areas?
I am perplexed by that argument.
The suggestion that there may be coercion—of course there will be—and abuse, and all sorts of injustices that take place in the current system, does not strike me as an argument for regulating and licensing assisted suicide.
If we have concerns about practice in the NHS, let us deal with that.
Let us not license suicide—and, by the way, evidence from around the world shows that that increases suicide in the general population.
Suicide is contagious.
For instance, Oregon is often pointed to as an example.
The incidence of suicide, outside assisted suicide laws, has risen by a third there since it was legalised.
There would be enormous contagious effects were we to regulate and license it in this way.
The hon.
Gentleman is making an excellent case for the Bill to be passed today.
What he is actually saying is that there are specifics that require debate, analysis and discussion in great detail in Committee—that is the whole point of it.
If it is not dealt with properly in Committee, it will not pass Third Reading.
He is suggesting that because he does not like those specifics, we cannot discuss the Bill in any detail.
I am sure that the hon.
Member for Spen Valley is delighted to have the support of the hon.
Gentleman.
I refer him to the point that I was making: this is an inappropriate process.
My hon.
Friend is making a superb speech, as I expected him to do.
On the issue of process, I say this to  the hon.
Member for Boston and Skegness (Richard Tice) , my constituency neighbour: as he will know, I have introduced some very serious Bills, including the one that became the Investigatory Powers Act 2016.
It was preceded by three independent reports and pre-legislative cross-party scrutiny by both Houses, which happened before the Committee stage.
The point is that that process should take place before Second Reading, not after.
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend.
I will now run through the process before taking any more interventions.
As I have explained, pretty much anybody with a serious illness or disability could work out how to qualify for an assisted death under the Bill.