The Bill will not just create a new option for a few and leave everyone else unaffected; it will impose this new reality on every person towards the end of their life, on everyone who could be thought to be near death, and on their families—the option of assisted suicide, the obligation to have a conversation around the bedside or whispered in the corridor, “Is it time?”
It will change life and death for everyone.
I am very aware of the terrible plight of the people who are begging us for this new law.
I think we can do better for them than they fear, but we also need to think in real human terms about what the effect will be on the choices of other people, and I do not mean the people who are used to getting their way.
I am talking about the people who lack agency, the people who know what it is to be excluded from power and to have decisions made for them by bigwigs in distant offices who speak a language they do not understand—the sort of people  who the hon.
Member for Spen Valley and I both know from our previous charity work, and who we all know from our constituency work.
They are not the people who write to us campaigning for a change in the law, but the people who come to our surgeries with their lives in tatters, or who the police or social workers tell us about—the people with complex needs.
What are the safeguards for them?
Let me tell the House: we are the safeguard—this place; this Parliament; you and me.
We are the people who protect the most vulnerable in society from harm, yet we stand on the brink of abandoning that role.
The Rubicon was a very small stream, but on the other side lies a very different world—a worse world, with a very different idea of human value.
The idea that our individual worth lies in our utility, valuable only for so long as we are useful—not a burden, not a cost, not making a mess.
Let us not be the Parliament that authorises that idea.
I mentioned at the start of my speech the voices of those we cannot hear: the frail and elderly and the disabled.
As we are surrounded by such a cloud of witnesses, let us do better than this Bill.
Let today be not a vote for despair, but the start of a proper debate about dying well, in which we have a better idea than a state suicide service.
Let us have a debate in which we remember that we have intrinsic value; that real choice and autonomy means having access to the best care possible and the fullest control over what happens to us while we live; and that true dignity consists in being cared for to the end.
rose—
Order.
I remind the House that we want to aim for speeches of up to eight minutes.
I call the Mother of the House.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend  the Member for Spen Valley (Kim Leadbeater)  on bringing forward this Bill, which has been the occasion of a very important national conversation.
I recall to the House the fact that, in 1969, Parliament voted to abolish the death penalty for murder.
Public opinion was actually against that change, but MPs believed, on a point of principle, that the state should not be involved in taking a life.
It was a good principle in 1969 and it remains a good principle today.
I am not against legalising assisted dying in any circumstance, but I have many reservations about this Bill.
In particular, I do not believe that the safeguards are sufficient.