He says,
“You get to a point where you stop praying for a miracle and start praying for mercy.”
Former police officer James waved is mum off as she embarked on her final trip, to Dignitas.
She had terminal vasculitis.
James desperately wanted to accompany his mum and hold her hand during her final moments, but he knew, because of his job as a police officer, that it was just not possible.
Indeed, she insisted that he must not go with her, so she went alone—no one to hold her hand, and no proper goodbye or funeral.
Those are just a few examples of the heartbreaking reality and human suffering that far too many people experience as a result of the status quo.
the public know this.
I have always been keen to ensure that my politics stays rooted in the world beyond Westminster.
It is clear that public opinion is very much in favour of a change in the law.
Polling shows consistently that around 75% of people would like to see the legalisation of assisted dying for terminally ill, mentally competent adults.
These findings are significant, but it may not be that  surprising that most people believe, as I do, that we should all have the right to make the choices and decisions we want about our own bodies.
Let us be clear: we are not talking about a choice between life or death; we are talking about giving dying people a choice of how to die.
Let us examine what that choice currently looks like.
I do not have a legal background but I have always been driven by a strong sense of injustice.
If I see a problem, I will do everything I can to try to solve it.
Indeed, in this job, we all do that every week and every day, whether here in Parliament or in our constituencies.
When four former directors of public prosecutions, including the Prime Minister, two former presidents of the Supreme Court and many lawyers all agree that the law needs to change, surely we have a duty to do something about it.
Intentionally helping another person to end their life is currently illegal under the Suicide Act 1961, and carries a maximum prison sentence of 14 years.
This includes family and friends helping someone who is terminally ill to die, both in the UK and overseas.
Existing guidance does not stop people from being investigated by the police, adding fear, guilt and further trauma to grieving families.
The law is not clear, and it does not protect individuals, families or medical professionals.
That drives people to very desperate measures.
What about coercion?
Senior King’s Counsel have said:
“There is currently no established system for identifying abuse or coercion in advance of a person’s death or for helping vulnerable people to make end of life decisions.”
I have been a nurse for more than a quarter of a century, and in that time I have worked mostly in intensive care as a specialist.
I have worked with compassionate and skilled, well-trained clinicians who have been taught to spot coercion—it is fundamental to our practice.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that it is wrong to suggest that clinicians cannot spot coercion in these cases?
My hon.
Friend makes a very important point.
I thank him for it, and for his years of service as a nurse.
I have spoken to many medical professionals about this issue, and they say that this is part of their job.
They are very skilled and they work closely with patients, particularly dying patients, to assess their needs and to have those difficult and delicate conversations.
As the KCs said, at the moment we check for coercion in cases where people have taken their own lives—when someone is dead.
The Bill would make coercion a criminal offence with a sentence of up to 14 years.