I am sorry but I am not going to take any interventions, as I need to make progress.
The court must speak to one of the doctors and can hear from anybody else they deem necessary.
If there is any evidence of coercion, the court will not approve the request, and if evidence emerges subsequently, the court order could be revoked.
It is also important to note that the person can change their mind at any time, with periods of reflection built in.
Having consulted at the highest levels in the judiciary and the medical profession, I know that they can and will fulfil those safeguarding responsibilities and that they have the expertise to do so.
Let us be clear: as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Sittingbourne and Sheppey (Kevin McKenna)  said earlier, this is not brand new territory for doctors.
Doctors, working in partnership with other clinicians, are already required to manage complexity in end-of-life decision making.
I followed the request of the British Medical Association that doctors should be under no obligation whatsoever to participate, but if they do participate, they will receive appropriate training and support.
Doctors should be able to use their professional judgment when and if a conversation takes place, taking their cue from the patient, as they do for many other issues.
I welcome that patient-centred approach.
Many doctors feel the change in the law would safeguard clinicians and patients by making everything explicit.
When it comes to the detail of what assisted dying would look like, we have the benefit of drawing on the experience of 31 jurisdictions around the world.
I could talk extensively about the international experience of assisted dying.
The Health and Social Care Committee report did a brilliant job of that, and this Bill has looked at best practice as well as models which I and many others would not be comfortable with our having here in England and Wales.
Reflecting on their experience, clinicians in Australia say:
“through deep and meaningful conversations between doctors, patients and their loved ones we can dispel fear, reduce suffering, bring death and dying out of the shadows, and so allow patients and their families a better quality of life and quality of death”.
As one Australian Member of Parliament said:
“We have brought ‘behind-closed-doors’ practices into the open and given dying people meaningful, transparent choices.
Crucially none of the fears that were put forward as reasons not to change the law have been realised.
The status quo was broken and assisted dying works.”
Evidence from around the world shows that the option of having an assisted death actually lifts the fear that terminally ill people have, and that many never actually use it but are able to make the best of the time they have left due to the comfort and reassurance that it provides.
People talk about a slippery slope, but the Health and Social Care Committee found that not one jurisdiction that has passed laws on the basis of terminal illness has expanded its scope. [
Interruption.]
That is absolutely true.
As the courts here and in Europe have repeatedly made clear, Parliament is sovereign.
This Bill could not be made any broader through any judicial process.
Speaking of process, with reference to the Bill, having listened to what I know are genuine concerns of Members about ensuring that we get this legislation right, I commit to the House that if the Bill passes Second Reading today, which I sincerely hope it does, I am minded to move a motion that gives the Bill Committee the power to take oral and written evidence in order to ensure that a thorough approach continues to be taken.
That is not normal procedure for a private Member’s Bill, but I think that that is the right thing to do.