Today is the beginning, not the end, of that process, but the debate can continue only if colleagues join me in the Aye lobby today.
I wholeheartedly encourage them to do so, and I commend the Bill to the House.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
I seek your guidance on correcting the record.
I said in my speech that I have consulted with the highest levels of the judiciary and the medical profession.
I have received correspondence from the Judicial Office and wish to clarify my earlier comments.
Although I have spoken to lawyers and judges, I should not have implied that the serving judiciary have in some way indicated their agreement with the Bill; they have not.
The serving judiciary have been very clear that they have made no public comments about the Bill one way or the other.
I apologise if I implied anything to the contrary.
The House divided: Ayes 330, Noes 275.
Question accordingly agreed to.
Bill read a Second time; to stand committed to a Public Bill Committee ( Standing Order No.
63 ).
Question accordingly agreed to.
Bill read a Second time; to stand committed to a Public Bill Committee ( Standing Order No.
63 ).
Object.
Bill to be read a Second time on  Friday 24 January 2025 .
My hon.
Friend briefly mentioned coercion, and the well-held fears of many of us in the House about the risk of coercion, particularly for vulnerable people.
What does he make of the fact that in Washington state, where the relevant law is restricted to terminally ill people like this Bill, last year 59% of those who went through with an assisted death did so because they feared being “a burden” to “family, friends or care givers”?
In Oregon, the proportion last year was 43%.
I beg to move, That the House sit in private.
Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No.
163 ) and negatived.
Second Reading
Before I begin proceedings, I would like to say a few words to help manage expectations about business today.
More than 160 Members have indicated that they wish to speak in the first debate.
It is not customary to impose a speech limit on private Members’ Bills, but I hope that after the Member in charge of the Bill and the speaker after that, Members will restrict themselves to about eight minutes in the first instance; that includes taking interventions.
The Chair will review the guidance as the debate progresses.
I may need to ask for shorter speeches to enable more Members to contribute.
I should make it clear that the Chair retains the right to impose a formal speech limit, but I would rather colleagues help each other.
At about 2 pm, I will call Front Benchers to make their comments, and then we will move to end the debate.
I have got to manage expectations.
Not everyone will get in.
I will try to get in as many people as possible.
This is one of the most important debates that the House has had, so it is about being considerate and respectful of each other.
Let us listen to each other.
This is the time for the House to show itself at its best.
The reasoned amendment in the name of Dr Ben Spencer has not been selected.
I call Kim Leadbeater to move the Second Reading.
I beg to move, that the Bill be now read a Second time.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, and thank you to everyone who is attending this hugely significant debate.
It is a privilege to open the debate on the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Bill, a piece of legislation that would give dying people, under stringent criteria, choice, autonomy and dignity at the end of their lives.
I welcome the debate on this hugely important issue.