I will campaign alongside many others in this place for those rights, but I will also campaign for the rights of terminally ill people, because their rights are as important as anybody else’s rights.
I have huge respect for the hon.
Lady for the way that she has conducted this debate over the last few weeks.
My concern is that she has focused today on the individual and the individual choice, but we are here to legislate for society as a whole.
In legislating, what we are saying if we pass the Bill is that it is okay to take that choice—[Interruption]—and there will be some people who have six months of their life to go who will then feel, “Ought I to do this?
Is this something that I now should do?”
That brings into play a whole set of considerations—“Is it better for my family?
Is it financially better for my family?”—in ways that, at the moment, are out of scope.
Rather than simply focusing on the individual suffering, which we all recognise is acute, we must broaden the debate to the impact that the legislation will have on society as a whole.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his intervention.
I suggest that the Bill will give society a much better approach towards end of life.
We are already hearing conversations about dying and death which I do not think we have heard enough in this country.
We have to take a holistic view.
Indeed, that is what happens in other countries and other jurisdictions.
Having those deep and meaningful conversations about death and dying is really important.
My hon.
Friend’s comments bring me on nicely to the protections and safeguards in the Bill.
A decade ago, I voted against a similar Bill, because I felt that perhaps it was not perfect and there were more things that I needed to know.
My hon.
Friend is right that we have not talked about death for the 10 years since or considered any legislation.
The truth is that if we vote against her Bill today, it will be the end of the conversation once again for another decade.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
How many people will go through the situations I have described if it is another 10 years before we address this matter?
rose—
I am not going to take any more interventions, I am afraid, because I am conscious that lots of hon.
Members want to speak; I know Mr Speaker is conscious of that as well.
Under the Bill, any terminally ill person who wants to be considered for an assisted death would have to undertake a thorough and robust process involving two doctors and a High Court judge.
No other jurisdiction in the world has those layers of safeguarding.
The person requesting assistance must have mental capacity and a settled wish at every stage.
That means they must repeatedly demonstrate that they understand the information relevant to their decision, the ability to retain that information, and to use or weigh that information as part of the process of making the decision.
We know that capacity can fluctuate which is why it is assessed at every step of the process.
On that point, will my hon.
Friend give way?
I am sorry but I am not going to take any interventions, as I need to make progress.
The court must speak to one of the doctors and can hear from anybody else they deem necessary.
If there is any evidence of coercion, the court will not approve the request, and if evidence emerges subsequently, the court order could be revoked.
It is also important to note that the person can change their mind at any time, with periods of reflection built in.