Josh, a 33-year-old from Huddersfield went to coach his local kids’ rugby team one Saturday and came back to tell his mum all about it.
He found her dead.
Lisa, who was terminally ill, had stored up her medication and taken her own life.
Our former colleague Paul Blomfield, the previous MP for Sheffield Central, has campaigned tirelessly on this issue since his dad Harry took his own life in 2014, alone in his garage, after being diagnosed with inoperable lung cancer.
Language matters: Harry was not suicidal; he loved life, but he had watched too many of his friends have lingering, degrading deaths and he did not want that for himself.
But, like the others, he could not tell Paul and his family of his plan, as they would have been complicit and could have faced prosecution.
How many precious days and weeks did Harry miss out on as a result of having to take action while he was still physically able to do so?
Hearing these stories is not easy, but it is important.
What I have been struck by in recent weeks as I have listened to Members from across the House is the clear agreement that the current situation is neither sustainable nor dignified.
Almost everyone in this House agrees that the status quo is unacceptable in terms of dignity, palliative care and end of life.
Given that, does my hon.
Friend agree that today’s debate is about how we depart from the unacceptable situation that we currently face?
Is today’s vote not the first stage of an important discussion about we improve the end of life for hundreds and hundreds of people across this country?
I wholeheartedly agree.
I am setting out what we are dealing with now.
This cannot be right, and surely we have a duty to do something about it.
Will the hon.
Lady give way?
I am going to make some progress, if that is okay.
Some of the most important voices in this debate are, of course, those of people currently living with a terminal illness.
Having a terminal diagnosis is perhaps one of those situations where it is very hard, if not impossible, to know how we would feel.
I have met many terminally ill people over recent weeks and every one of them is in my thoughts today.
Sophie, who is here today, was diagnosed with stage 4 secondary breast cancer, which has spread to her lungs, liver and pelvis.
She is allergic to opioids, so she knows that her pain is very unlikely to be able to be managed.
She has a 17-year-old daughter.
All she asks is to have the choice to say goodbye to her daughter at a time of her choosing, in circumstances that she can have some control over, and for her daughter to be able to remember her as the vibrant, positive woman she is.
Nathaniel, who also joins us today, has stage 4 incurable bowel cancer, which is now in his liver and brain.
Like many of us, Nat says that he does not know whether he would choose an assisted death or not, but he simply cannot understand why anyone would want to deny him the choice.
He says:
“I wish to live as fully as I can and for as long as possible.
But when the time comes”,
Nat also wants
“the right to die with dignity and compassion”.
Another very emotional lady came up to me at a recent interfaith event.
She and her husband thanked me for putting the Bill forward.
She said, “Kim, I am a proud Christian and I am guided by my faith.
But I also have terminal cancer and I want the right to choose a compassionate death.”
There has been much discussion about the views of people who hold religious beliefs.