They are very skilled and they work closely with patients, particularly dying patients, to assess their needs and to have those difficult and delicate conversations.
As the KCs said, at the moment we check for coercion in cases where people have taken their own lives—when someone is dead.
The Bill would make coercion a criminal offence with a sentence of up to 14 years.
Surely, by putting a legal framework around this difficult situation, we will provide an extra level of safeguarding.
One psychotherapist, who is terminally ill herself, said to me recently that coercion happens when things are hidden away.
The Bill would bring things out into the open.
Surely, that must be safer for everyone.
Let us look at what the absence of a robust legal framework looks like.
I thank the hon.
Lady for giving the House the time to debate the Bill this morning.
She references coercion, and I understand her point about the two medics, but medics will not be  able to see or hear everything at all times.
People will not be put beyond challenge, because subsequent to the death, if a relative claims coercion of another relative, investigation will remain.
I am entirely unclear how, without peradventure, two clinicians can claim that there had been no coercion at any point.
The hon.
Gentleman has made the point for me: within a robust system, we will check for coercion, but we do not have any of that now.
At the moment, the person will be definitely be dead.
We have to look at the status quo.
Putting in layers of safeguarding and checking for coercion must be better than the system that we have now.
Colleagues are right to raise questions around coercion.
I hosted a phone-in on LBC where people rang in and said, “I feel like I have to end my life because I recognise how difficult it is for my family to see me suffering.”
The limit in the Bill, however, is that someone must have only six months to live according to two doctors and a judge, which I genuinely believe massively reduces the risk of coercion.
Are we really saying that people are so desperate to bump off their families that if they were told that they had six months to live, they would escalate the process and do it sooner?
The hon.
Lady makes an excellent point—she is absolutely right.
The very strict criteria in the Bill add extra layers of safeguarding, which, again, we just do not have at the moment.
I have the deepest respect for my hon.
Friend, but one thing that concerns me is societal or systemic coercion.
At the moment, elderly people in our society pay thousands of pounds a month to be in a care home.
What reassurances can my hon.
Friend give that an elderly person in a care home who has been given six months to live would not think to themselves, “I’m a burden.
I have been given six months to live.
If I end my life now, I can save my family between £25,000 and £55,000”?
That really concerns me.
As I have said, at the moment, we have no idea whether that person would take action because we are not having those conversations.
By getting two medical professionals and a High Court judge involved, we would be putting this out in the open.
Evidence from other jurisdictions shows clearly that coercion tends to happen the other way; what tends to happen is that families try to prevent the person from making the choice of an assisted death.
rose—
I will take one more intervention.
Is it not the case that the conversations that patients will have with doctors will bring out whether they have been coerced or are suffering intolerably?
The criteria are about suffering, not whether somebody worries that they are a burden.
I agree absolutely.