Gentleman is making his point, but I stand before him not sure of how any colleague in this Chamber cannot have doubts whichever way they are voting today.
It feels like there are two necessary harms that we are all forced to weigh up.
If the hon.
Gentleman is so certain that doubt should push people one way, I am deeply intrigued to hear why that is, when it is very clear that many people will continue to suffer unnecessarily if we reject this Bill.
I recognise that there are very many doubts on each side, and I fully respect the arguments that have been made by the hon.
Member for Spen Valley.
Of course this is a finely balanced debate, but the point about process is that this Bill is too flawed; there is too much to do to it to address in Committee.
By all means, let us have this debate, but let us have that before a Bill of this magnitude is brought forward, The consideration of the Bill should be much more comprehensive.
Contrary to what the media are saying, today’s decision is not about bringing this Bill into law; it is about allowing it to go to the next stage.
People may have misgivings, but the hon.
Gentleman is making the assumption that the Bill cannot be corrected or amended in order to make it palatable to people who have doubts.
We all have doubts, but surely today’s vote is simply to let it go to the next stage.
The final decision on Third Reading is the critical one in deciding whether the Bill goes into law.
I think I have made the point that this Bill is too comprehensive and there is too much in it to address through the process of a private Member’s Bill.
If the hon.
Gentleman has serious concerns about aspects of the Bill that he would not be prepared to see come into law, he should not be supporting it today.
Let me explain the concerns about the Bill that I think are too comprehensive to be dealt with in Committee.
I recognise how hard the hon.
Member for Spen Valley has worked to try to ensure that it is safe, but I do not believe it is, for the following reasons.
Let us start at the beginning.
The process starts with a conversation between a patient and a medical practitioner—not necessarily a doctor; just a medic of some sort, unspecified at this stage.
If the patient tells their ordinary family doctor that they want an assisted death, the doctor is obliged to either explain how it works or pass them on to someone who will do it—which is probably what will happen, by the way.
The likelihood is that we would see a new branch of medicine spring up, like the medics I met in Canada.
Will the hon.
Member give way?
I will in a moment.
These medics I met in Canada are specialists in assisted death and personally kill hundreds of patients a year in their special clinics. [
Interruption.]
If hon.
Members have difficulty with the language, then I wonder what they are doing here.
This is what we are talking about.
I met doctors for whom this is their profession and their job, and they are proud to do it.
Will the hon.
Member give way?
I will give way to the other hon.
Gentleman.
I want to be very clear that “medical practitioner” is a synonym for doctor—not nurse, pharmacist, dentist or any other practitioner.
To be a doctor is to be a practitioner of medicine.
We need to be very clear on this.
There is lots of law and regulation on this, and I believe that what the hon.
Member said is incorrect.
What the Bill actually says is that a doctor means
“a registered medical practitioner…who has such training, qualifications and experience as the Secretary of State may specify by regulations”.