I am married to a Canadian, and I can tell the House that they love their children just as much as we do.
The idea that the Canadians, Australians, New Zealanders, Spanish and Austrians care little for their relatives, or indeed for the wider society in which they live, is frankly offensive.
We should not pretend that somehow we are special or different.
They have thought as profoundly on these issues as we have over the past 10 years.
We can learn from them, and design a system for our own sensibilities and culture, as they have done.
They all have different laws on abortion, some of which we would not pass in this House, but that does not mean we should not have abortion laws here.
We are a 1,000-year-old democracy, and we should be able to design legislation that deals with this issue for ourselves.
The second issue that has been raised with which I have struggled regards the impact on the NHS and on judges.
People are already dying; they are already in the national health service and entitled to care.
Even if we think there will be an impact, are people seriously telling me that my death, my agony, is too much for the NHS to have time for, or too much hassle?
It is even claimed that such matters would overload the judges—that I should drown in my own faecal vomit because it is too much hassle for the judges to deal with.
We send things from this House to the NHS and to judges all the time.
Is anyone suggesting that we should not create the new offence of spiking, which has come through this week, because judges are overworked?
Of course not.
They will cope as they have done with all sorts of things that we have sent from this House over the years, and we should not countenance the idea that some logistical problem will get in the way of our giving a good death to our fellow citizens.
I also want to address directly those Members who are considering voting against the Bill, to ensure that they are clear in their minds that a vote against the Bill is not a passive act.
There are two states of being on offer today.
I have to break some news to Members: whatever happens to the Bill today, people with a terminal illness will still take their lives.
If the Bill falls today, we will be consigning those people to taking their lives in brutal, violent ways, as they are at the moment, and will see increasing numbers of our fellow citizens making the trip to Switzerland if they can afford it.
We know that between 600 and 700 people a year are killing themselves in violent ways—shooting themselves, throwing themselves in front of trains, taking overdoses in lonely, horrible circumstances.
As I said, many are going to Switzerland, but more than that are lying in hospital—I guarantee that there will be somebody over the river in St Thomas’ hospital now who is refusing treatment and starving themselves to death because they cannot face what is in front of them.
Does the right hon.
Gentleman agree that we had a choice today?
We have come here to debate assisted dying, but we could have come here to build cross-party consensus on how finally, once and for all, to fix palliative care in this country.
We could have come to look at a funding consensus, as that does need to be cross-party.
I agree  with his point that voting no is also a choice, but what follows from that should be a cross-party consensus on how we fix palliative care.
I agree with the hon.
Gentleman, and what a surprise it is that the conversation about palliative care has started.
We were not having that conversation before this Bill came forward.