There is lots of law and regulation on this, and I believe that what the hon.
Member said is incorrect.
What the Bill actually says is that a doctor means
“a registered medical practitioner…who has such training, qualifications and experience as the Secretary of State may specify by regulations”.
Obviously they are some sort of regulated medic—I recognise that—but they are not necessarily a doctor.
We will find out.
I recognise that they will have professional qualifications, but it is not clear what those are going to be because it is not in the Bill.
I commend the hon.
Gentleman for the way in which he is engaging in this discussion, in the same spirit as  the hon.
Member for Spen Valley (Kim Leadbeater) .
We often hear that one of the safeguards associated with the Bill is that medical practitioners would be involved and that a diagnosis of a terminal illness, with six months or less to live, would be required.
Does the hon.
Gentleman accept that medicine is not an exact science?
It is the science of uncertainty blended with the art of probability.
There is no exactitude in this.
No court will second-guess medical opinion; it will simply look at process.
I entirely agree with the right hon.
Gentleman; he is absolutely right.
I am afraid that the definition of terminal illness is in a sense the essential flaw in the Bill, but I will come on to that.
Going back to the conversation that the patient has with the medical practitioner, the crucial point is that the conversation does not need to be started by the patient, according to the Bill.
It could be started by the medic—any medic—perhaps in hospital, who could make the suggestion of an assisted death to a patient who has never raised the issue themselves, whose family have never suggested it and whose own doctor does not think it is the right thing to do.
And so the idea is planted.
Then, for whatever reason—and, by the way, there is no need ever to give a reason—the patient says that they want to proceed with an assisted death.
They sign a declaration, or rather somebody else can sign it for  them.
It could be any professional, someone they do not know—maybe a new medical practitioner.
A total stranger can do all the paperwork on their behalf.
That is what the clause about the proxy entails.
Then these two medical practitioners make their assessment.
I urge the hon.
Member to check the wording of the Bill, because if somebody signs as a proxy, they have to have known the individual for two years, and would simply be signing to say that they agree with the patient who wishes to go forward with assisted dying.
I do not have time to check the Bill now, but from my memory it refers to someone who has known the patient for two years or someone of good standing in the community, which could be some sort of professional who is not known to them at all.
Someone can quickly check the Bill, but my understanding is that it could be a total stranger to them.
Is the matter not very clear?
Clause 15(5) states:
“In this section “proxy” means—
(a) a person who has known the person making the declaration personally for at least 2 years, or
(b) a person who is of good standing in the community.”
So there is no protection such as that which is pretended by the supporters of the Bill.
I am grateful for that intervention.
The assessments have to determine whether the patient is terminally ill, whether they have mental capacity to make the decision, and then whether they have been coerced or pressured into the decision.
In many ways the whole issue turns on the question of whether someone is terminally ill.