If we lent £500 million-worth of special drawing rights, the ADB could quadruple it in new concessional lending to countries across Africa.
Thirdly, we should be helping to build a bigger World Bank.
The World Bank remains the most efficient and effective way of mobilising development finance.
A $20 billion increase in its capital base would unlock $200 billion in concessional lending over the course of the decade.
If the UK contributed to that kind of increase, our share might be about $1 billion—$200 million a year over five years—but we could step up to that challenge.
We will get £3.5 billion back from the European Investment Bank—I suppose some in this House would call that a Brexit dividend—between now and 2030.
We should recycle that money into the World Bank to help it radically expand lending to some of the world’s poorest countries.
Nobody can be more eloquent in debates such as this than a hungry child, so let me conclude with the words of a young boy.
Lantano Moriaso is a 10-year-old at the Kideket Primary School in rural Narok County, Kenya.
I had the privilege of meeting him at his school with  the hon.
Member for Erewash (Maggie Throup) , and I want to thank the Esmée Fairbairn Foundation, World Vision and the Coalition for Global Prosperity for helping to make that visit possible.
This is what Lantano had to say:
“I like coming to school because I have many friends who I play with and learn together.
My teachers always teach us how to read, write and many other new things.
They are good to us.”
But he also says:
“Sometimes we eat once in a day because there is no food and we don’t have enough water to drink.
Despite all these challenges we still come to school to learn.”
The children of that school have the same dreams as our children.
They want to be lawyers, doctors and teachers, and some—so help them—want to be politicians.
Yet such is the drought, such is the poverty, and such is the desperation that many families struggle to survive.
Girls as young as 11 are sent to get married, and boys are sent to work even younger.
Children are not in school because they are hunting for water all day.
If we do not step up and solve these challenges, there will be not just an opportunity gap for those children, but an opportunity cost for all of us.
That is a price we cannot afford, so I call on His Majesty’s Government to act.
Question put and agreed to.
Ordered,
That Liam Byrne, Sarah Champion, Sir Stephen Timms, Tony Lloyd, Sir George Howarth, Clive Efford, Debbie Abrahams, Mr Virendra Sharma, Mike Amesbury and Patrick Grady present the Bill.
Liam Byrne accordingly presented the Bill.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 24 November , and to be printed (Bill 336).
Where water companies underperform and do not meet their targets, a process is in place whereby basically they have to credit the money back to their customers.
Last year, £143 million was credited back in that respect.
So the regulator does have the tools to do that.
It has tightened up so many of its measures, all of which will affect all the water companies.
For information, Thames Water itself has not paid any dividends for the last six years.
Ofwat will rightly hold companies to account when they do  not clearly demonstrate the link between dividends and performance.
We made that possible through the landmark Environment Act.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What recent assessment he has made of the strength of the labour market in Scotland.
I pay tribute to two great Scots who have sadly died in recent days.
Winnie Ewing blazed a trail for women in politics.