It is important that we continue to deliver on those plans, and we will of course ensure that we work with the sector to have more children attending school more often.
Economic recovery and reconstruction will be vital to Ukraine when it comes to rebuilding a free and sovereign nation.
So will my right hon.
Friend help to galvanise the expertise of the UK’s private sector to strengthen Ukraine’s recovery and economic prospects after this devastating war?
Time and again Ukraine has shown its ability to rapidly harness innovation and creativity, and I know that its economic recovery will be no different.
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight that private sector expertise and investment will be critical to that recovery.
I was pleased that over 400 world-leading companies pledged to back Ukraine’s reconstruction at the successful recovery conference that the UK hosted the other week.
We are doing our part as well, with a $3 billion World Bank loan guarantee on top of all our other investment.
I think the conference showed that there is enormous momentum across the world to support Ukraine’s recovery, and that recovery and ambition are being led by the United Kingdom.
A university student in Lewisham East has seen her rent rise by £200 a month due to the mortgage rate increases.
She is now at risk of homelessness and cannot return to the family home.
She has no choice but to use food banks, even though she has two part-time jobs.
Not only is she falling behind in her studies; she is falling further into debt and falling into depression.
What does the Prime Minister say to constituents like mine who are paying the dual price of this Government’s cost of living crisis and their mortgage rates crisis?
We have taken significant action to help families across the country, most notably by taxing the windfall profits of energy companies and using that money to pay around half the energy bill of a typical family, including all of the hon.
Lady’s constituents.
That support is worth £1,500, and I am pleased that energy bills are forecast to fall by £430 when the price cap resets in a couple of days.
Beyond that, there is considerable support for the most vulnerable in our society, including £900 in cost of living payments for those on universal credit and additional support for pensioners and disabled people.
That is what we will continue to do.
We are heading into the fifth week of Sandwell Labour’s refuse strikes.
We have had flying pickets, reports of the GMB blocking ambulance workers from getting out of their depot as a result of its picket lines, and a police and crime commissioner encouraging the police not to police it.
I ask my right hon.
Friend to convene a meeting urgently so that we can resolve this, and perhaps he will join me in telling Labour politicians—one in particular—to grow a spine and put people before their paymasters.
More!
Order.
We have done very well—don’t spoil it now.
My hon.
Friend put it very well: he has illustrated exactly the issue.
The Labour party is unable to stand up to its union paymasters and back our plans to introduce minimum service and safety levels in critical industries.
That is the type of practical action that supports working families, and it is action that the Labour party is not strong enough to support.
After the events in Russia at the weekend, it is unclear what the future holds for the Wagner Group, but the catalogue of crimes it has committed  across Africa and the middle east and, of course, in Ukraine can never be washed away.
Despite all that, the Government do not yet have a permanent Cabinet Office official to co-ordinate all the organs of Government to pursue the criminals in the Wagner Group.