That is the type of practical action that supports working families, and it is action that the Labour party is not strong enough to support.
After the events in Russia at the weekend, it is unclear what the future holds for the Wagner Group, but the catalogue of crimes it has committed  across Africa and the middle east and, of course, in Ukraine can never be washed away.
Despite all that, the Government do not yet have a permanent Cabinet Office official to co-ordinate all the organs of Government to pursue the criminals in the Wagner Group.
Will the Prime Minister appoint one and, crucially, will he fund the collection of evidence of Wagner Group war crimes that have been committed across the world, so that no matter what happens, these criminals can be brought to justice in future?
We have consistently condemned the Wagner Group, and we carefully monitor its actions in Ukraine and the wider world that the hon.
Gentleman has mentioned.
We have designated both the Wagner Group and its leader under our sanctions regime, and we support international mechanisms that hold individual mercenaries in the Wagner Group to account for violations of international law, but I reassure the hon.
Gentleman that we are also working very closely with our partners to counter the malign use of such proxies, both by Russia and more generally across the continent.
On Monday night, an illegal Traveller encampment was established in Bretton Park.
On Saturday, the much-loved Bretton festival is due to take place in that park.
This House passed legislation that gives police more powers to tackle illegal encampments.
Will the Prime Minister make it clear from the Dispatch Box that he expects the police to use those powers on these encampments, which blight public spaces and public parks in places such as Peterborough?
We absolutely recognise the misery that unauthorised encampments can cause to local communities.
That is why we have delivered on our manifesto commitment to give police the powers they need to tackle those people in unauthorised encampments who are causing harm.
Of course, how the police use those powers is an operational matter for chief constables, but we would not have legislated for them if we did not expect chief constables to use them.
I am told that Home Office officials are liaising regularly with the National Police Chiefs’ Council on this exact matter.
rose—
Final question—Martin Docherty-Hughes.
In the past couple of days, yet again we have been reminded that a Member of the other House was appointed contrary to the recommendations of MI5.
We learned from a Channel 4 film that even the monarch was asked to be involved because Whitehall officials were so opposed, given that the person was deemed a security risk to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
So I ask the Prime Minister: does he agree with MI5, or does he agree with his predecessor that that peer should still be in the other House?
Mr Speaker, for obvious reasons I will talk in more general terms.
The House of Lords Appointments Commission vets Cross-Bench and party political life peerage nominations to the House of Lords and, where appropriate, seeks advice from Government Departments and agencies.
The House of Lords  Appointments Commission has previously undertaken that, were a Prime Minister to recommend a peerage against the commission’s formal advice, it would write publicly to the relevant parliamentary Select Committee.
That completes Prime Minister’s questions.
We come now to the urgent question. [
Interruption.]
If people could stop having conversations in the middle of the Chamber, that would be helpful, Mr Slaughter.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs if she will make a statement on the financial resilience of the water industry.