Those are the types of responsible decisions that I and the Conservative Government will make because they are the right ones for the country.
For over 160 years, Southport pier has been at the centre of our visitor economy, welcoming visitors from far and wide, including from Chorley, Mr Speaker.
It has stood the test of time, but the mismanagement of Labour-controlled Sefton Council has closed our pier.
Businesses are concerned, and the impact on tourism will be huge.
Will the Prime Minister condemn the council’s actions and support my campaign and efforts to work with this Conservative Government to get our pier open?
I welcome my hon.
Friend’s commitment to the important community assets in his constituency, such as the historic grade II-listed Southport pier.
I am pleased that he has succeeded in getting the Government to provide £2 million to undertake improvements as part of the coastal community fund, and that comes alongside the landmark £35.5 million town deal for Southport—the second largest town deal in the country.
This is my first opportunity to put a question to the Prime Minister for the residents of the City of Chester,  so why does the Prime Minister think it is acceptable for sewage to be pumped into the beautiful River Dee, which flows through Chester, for the next 27 years?
Of course it is not acceptable, and that is why this Government have gone further than any other in tackling the issue, committing to monitor 100% of storm overflows and to an investment programme of £56 billion to upgrade infrastructure, enshrining strict targets in law, and introducing unlimited fines for water companies.
But when it came to talking about those policies in this House, the Labour party could not even be bothered to turn up and vote for them.
Later today, Parliament will welcome apprentices from around the UK who work in the aerospace industry, and I am very much looking forward to meeting Callum and Britney, who are apprentices at Collins Aerospace in my constituency.
Will the Prime Minister join me in celebrating apprenticeships in the aerospace industry and encourage colleagues to attend and meet their apprentices?
I join my hon.
Friend in celebrating everyone doing an apprenticeship and in encouraging everyone to go and meet their apprentices later today.
I pay tribute to Callum and Britney in particular.
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the importance of the aerospace industry, particularly because of our new defence co-operation agreement with Italy and Japan to build a new generation of fighter aircraft, which will create thousands of new jobs across the country, many of which will come through apprenticeships.
That is an example of this Conservative Government providing opportunities for the next generation.
Last year, 1.7 million children missed more than 10% of their schooling, 125,000 were absent more than they were in school, and a further 140,000 were completely missing from formal schooling.
This safeguarding and educational catastrophe is happening on the Prime Minister’s watch.
Yesterday, the Schools Minister told the Education Committee that primary legislation is required to initiate a national register of children missing from education so that we can find out where they are.
Will the Prime Minister commit to bringing forward the necessary legislation as a matter of urgency to combat this crisis for our children?
I agree with the hon.
Gentleman that children missing school is a tragedy and is incredibly damaging for educational outcomes, which is why during the pandemic and afterwards we invested £5 billion to help children catch up with lost learning.
It is important that we continue to deliver on those plans, and we will of course ensure that we work with the sector to have more children attending school more often.
Economic recovery and reconstruction will be vital to Ukraine when it comes to rebuilding a free and sovereign nation.
So will my right hon.