Economic illiteracy?
The International Monetary Fund said this week that the way to cut inflation is for companies to cut their profit margins.
It is corporate greed that is fuelling inflation, not workers’ need for fair play.
Can he explain to the one in five people in Wales facing hunger because they cannot afford to buy decent food why they must pay his price for lowering inflation?
Actually, my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor met with all the economic regulators this morning and they will be making an announcement later about their plans to ensure fairness of pricing in supply chains to ease the burden on consumers.
I am glad the right hon.
Lady brought up the IMF when it comes to tackling inflation.
The IMF, in its words, strongly endorsed our plan to halve inflation and called our steps “decisive and responsible”.
As my right hon.
Friend knows, I have been liaising closely with the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities and with the Treasury with regard to the terrible news of Woking Council’s recent section 114 notice.
Does he agree that, in this scenario, the vulnerable must be protected and local councillors of all parties must work together to try to put the council’s finances back on the right track?
I know my hon.
Friend is a great champion for his Woking residents.
As he knows, the Secretary of State for Levelling Up has intervened in that authority and appointed commissioners to ensure that decisions are taken that provide the best outcomes for residents, including the most vulnerable, and for the public purse.
I agree with him that local councillors should be working together with the commissioners to put the council’s finances in order.
The commissioners will submit their first report to the Secretary of State setting out progress on the council’s path to improvement and financial sustainability, and I look forward with him to seeing further progress.
The Prime Minister has had responsibility for the UK economy now for 1,323 days, and he has delivered—he has delivered the largest national peacetime debt ever, the largest tax burden since the second world war, the highest core inflation since 1991, the fastest interest rate rises since 1989 and the biggest fall in living standards in our history.
Will he stop lecturing my constituents about holding their nerve, ditch the lame excuses and admit  that he is literally the worst person to be leading this country through a cost of living crisis, because he created it?
Again, what do we hear from the Labour party?
Only ideas that would make the situation far worse.
It is as simple as that.
The hon.
Gentleman has sat there and supported plans to borrow tens of billions of pounds more.
That would make inflation worse.
He has sat there and said that we should not stand up to unaffordable union pay demands.
That would make the situation worse.
And he has sat there and supported plans to not exploit our domestic sources of energy, imperilling our energy security.
Those are all things that would make the situation worse for British families not just today but for years into the future.
This Conservative Government will keep doing the right thing to support them.
My constituents rely on many nearby hospitals: Milton Keynes, where the Government have committed to a new women and children’s hospital; Stoke Mandeville, which has just completed the build of a new children’s A&E; but also Wycombe, where infrastructure and maintenance issues in the ageing tower are preventing about 2,000 operations from going ahead every year.
My local NHS trust has a plan for a new £200 million clinical centre at Wycombe Hospital.
Will my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister work with me and Buckinghamshire colleagues to make that a reality?
Although, as my hon.