You simply cannot trust a word they say.
At least he is not claiming they are the party of home ownership any more, because we are.
He’s given up.
The Prime Minister says he is “100% on it”, but his definition of “100% on it” is to gently ask the banks to do the right thing.
His softly, softly approach, refusing to put mandatory measures in place, risks leaving a million households without support.
How many will have to lose their homes before he will stand up for the people his party have pushed into economic misery?
In fact, the vast majority of the mortgage market is now covered by the new mortgage charter that the Chancellor has brought in.
That is delivering practical help for mortgage holders, allowing them to extend their terms, switch to interest-only mortgages and saving them hundreds of pounds a month.
So instead of scaring them, actually there is now practical support in place.
It is right that he raised home ownership.
That is why we, on the Government Benches, introduced a 95% mortgage guarantee scheme.
It is why we introduced the first homes and shared ownership schemes to get people on to the housing ladder, and, crucially, it is why we cut stamp duty.
Now what we see is the highest number of first-time buyers in 20 years—twice the number that the Labour party ever managed.
It is, “housing crisis, what crisis?”,
with this Prime Minister.
He must be the only person in the country who thinks that enough houses have been built in the past 13 years.
Whether it is those dreaming of getting the keys to their first home, or those already with mortgages, the ambitions of families across the country have been crushed by his failing Tory Government: house building at its lowest rate since the war because he cannot stand up to his own party; a Tory mortgage bombshell because they crashed the economy; and millions left without support because he will not make lenders put families first.
Rather than lecturing the rest of the country on holding their nerve, why does he not try to locate his?
As always, the right hon.
and learned Gentleman has not taken the time to understand the detail of what we are doing, so I am happy to explain it again.
It is right that we provide support for mortgage owners, which is why we improved the generosity of the Support for Mortgage Interest scheme.
It is why we have introduced the new mortgage charter, which, by the way, goes much further than the Labour party’s policy on protecting mortgage holders.
On house building, we are proud to protect the green belt and invest millions more in developing brownfield sites.
The simple truth is that that is what I said I would do, and that is what we have delivered.
That is the difference between us: I deliver on my promise, the Leader of the Opposition just breaks his.
Labour-run Kirklees Council’s local plan is seeing hundreds of homes being built on greenfield sites, but the agreed developer levies, the section 106 agreements, which are supposedly for local infrastructure spending, seem to be disappearing into a black hole.
Does the Prime Minister agree that agreed infrastructure levies from developers should not be going into a general slush fund?
They should be spent on local roads, local schools and local health services for the communities impacted by those developments.
My hon.
Friend raises an excellent point.
That is why the Government are reforming the section 106 payment system to ensure that new development is matched by new infrastructure.
The current system sees far too little of developers’ profits going to build new schools, hospitals or transport infrastructure.
It is also too slow and plagued by uncertainties and that  particularly hampers smaller local developers.
It will be replaced by a new, non-negotiable, locally determined infrastructure levy, which will deliver exactly what my hon.