The Union has never been stronger, and this Prime Minister has said that those in public life should aspire to the highest standards of propriety.
I think we can all agree about the importance of politicians telling the truth.
In that context, has my right hon.
Friend seen the video released by the Scottish Government in which Cabinet Secretary Angus Robertson makes a range of spurious claims about devolution being under attack by the UK Government?
If so, what does he think of it?
I did see Angus Robertson’s video clip, and I think I counted 16 false claims in the space of one minute and 40 seconds.
That is a false claim every six seconds—pretty impressive, even by his standards.
As usual, the nationalists are desperate to invent a grievance, but the reality is that the UK Government respect devolution, support it and strengthen it.
The only people who want to destroy devolution are the ones who want to rip us out of the United Kingdom.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Privileges Committee’s conclusions are crystal clear that the former Prime Minister knowingly misled this House and subsequently tried to intimidate the very Committee carrying out the inquiry he set up.
Why did the Secretary of State not set an example and vote for the Privileges Committee’s report?
As I said to the media when this question was raised in an interview last week, it was simply because I felt the report was too excessive in its conclusions.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on support for the energy industry in Scotland.
Scotland’s energy industry is vital to supporting the UK’s energy security.
This Government have listened to Scotland’s energy industry, and we understand the need to encourage industry investment.
That is why we recently announced the energy security investment mechanism, which will remove the energy profits levy if oil and gas prices fall to normal levels for a sustained period prior to March 2028.
It is great to hear a cheer for the Secretary of State as he stood up.
I am sure he agrees that hydrogen production will be vital to meeting both the UK’s energy needs and our net zero targets.
Will he set out what the UK Government are doing to promote the development and production of hydrogen in Scotland?
Low-carbon hydrogen is critical to delivering energy security.
It presents a significant growth opportunity and will help the UK to reach net zero.
We have doubled our ambition to 10 GW of low-carbon hydrogen production capacity by 2030, and at least half of it will come from electrolytic hydrogen, drawing on the scale up of UK offshore wind, other renewables and, of course, new nuclear.
Will the discussions with the Scottish Government also include the problems with national grid transmission, which means National Grid is paying to turn off wind turbines because it cannot afford to get the electricity they generate to the south of the country?
By law, transmission network charging is a matter for Ofgem, which is an independent regulator.
It has recently produced a report on charging reforms, and the Government are looking at that report.
Whether his Department has had recent discussions with the Scottish Government on supporting productive forestry planting in Scotland.
Although forestry is a devolved policy, we continue to work with the devolved Administrations to deliver a UK-wide step change in tree planting and establishment.
Last year, 50% of forestry planting was much-needed productive forestry for our construction and manufacturing industries.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that there should now be a new UK-wide target that aims for 60% of new planting to be productive, allowing Scotland to lead the way for the rest of the UK?
My hon.
Friend is a champion for this industry, and it is the UK Government’s ambition to increase planting across the United Kingdom.