We are in discussions with the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities—many of these issues involve working with other Departments—on grey water harvesting and better using the rain that does fall.
A farmer in Devon whom I visited was collecting all the water from his farm buildings roofs to supply his animals.
In assessing, as the Minister has explained, the resilience of the water industry, what assessment is she making of the impact on UK pension funds if a major company such as Thames Water fails, as is being widely suggested in the press?
There is a structure and a process for working through this matter.
It is up to the individual water companies and the regulator working with them to ensure that they are resilient.
That is why Ofwat reports annually on how resilient each water company is.
If that flags any issues, Ofwat works closely with them, because we need our water companies to be fully functioning.
We need to attract investment—a huge sum of money has been invested since privatisation, as I mentioned earlier—in infrastructure to give our customers the kind of service they deserve.
We should also be mindful that it is not all piled on to customers; we have to share the load.
It is worth making the House realise that it was the Opposition who voted against the Environment Act 2021, which gave Ofwat more powers.
Can my hon.
Friend assure me that the water regulator Ofwat will be able to clamp down on excessive cash payouts and ensure that water companies put their customers first?
I thank my hon.
Friend for pointing that out.
He is absolutely right: whatever the Opposition say today, one of the measures they did not vote for in the Environment Act 2021 was to enable Ofwat to hold water companies to account where they do not demonstrate a link between dividends and performance.
They must have sound performance and be performing for their customers, otherwise they cannot pay out their dividends.
The staggering complacency we are hearing from the Minister will come as no comfort to my constituents who were flooded out three years ago in the west London floods, which were the second 100-year event in less than a decade.
If Ofwat has been doing such a good job in holding the water companies to account, as she is now apparently telling us, why are we in this situation?
What exactly has Ofwat been doing?
It has to be remembered that privatisation occurred in 1989.
We have had a succession of different Governments during that time, and it has been this  Government who have accelerated clamping down on water companies and opening up transparency.
The hon.
Lady asks what Ofwat has done, and I will name just a few things.
Since 2020, Ofwat has updated the licences so that if a water company loses its investment credit rating, it is barred from making payouts to shareholders.
In July 2022, it set out additional proposals to increase financial resilience, including companies having a stronger credit rating.
In March, it announced that it would take enforcement actions against water companies that do not link dividend payments to performance.
We have done more than any Government before to ensure that we have a fully functioning, strong regulator.
On financial resilience, has the Minister taken the opportunity to consider the hotchpotch of policies coming from Opposition Front Benchers on the subject?
Under their prescription, they would seek to take all the profit of water companies to invest in capital expenditure.
That would undermine the financial resilience of those companies that rely on private capital for investment in tackling this problem.
In the one part of the country where Labour does have responsibility—Wales—has she noticed that the sewerage overflows are almost double the rate per overflow pipe as in England?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for pointing that out; I cannot support more strongly what he said.