Against that murderous maelstrom, low and middle-income countries need to mobilise some $6 trillion between now and 2030 to hit their Paris climate targets.
Poor countries did not cause climate change, but the world’s poorest are somehow expected to pick up the pieces.
We cannot go on like this and, as President Macron said in Paris last week, we must not go on like this.
If the world fails to act—if we fail to act—all of us may fall prey to those who preach that the rules-based order is not fit for purpose.
New institutions outside the World Bank, the IMF, and perhaps even the United Nations, will come forward beyond our influence, so we must change.
That is why my Bridgetown Bill calls on the Government to lead, to take the initiative and to help champion the agenda set out with such passion, force and eloquence by Prime Minister Mia Mottley.
The whole House should salute her work.
She has helped to galvanise the biggest shake-up of global development finance since the World Bank and IMF were created in 1944.
Her Bridgetown initiative is a pragmatic collection of ideas with radical implications for the World Bank’s mission and model, the resources deployed by the IMF, and the goal that richer countries must step up to and meet.
Reforms are under way and the agenda is moving.
I am grateful for the Government’s support, such as it is, but our best estimates are that the Bretton Woods institutions must at least triple the finance that they supply.
That is why the UK should lead and help to champion this debate internationally.
The Bill is needed because it is a matter of regret that the once-proud record of our country—once lauded as a leader in global development—is now much reduced.
It is a matter of regret that the Prime Minister found time to enjoy the company of Mr Murdoch in London last week and declined to join President Macron in Paris, with 50 other leaders from around the world.
It is a matter of regret that the UK is not leading the debate on green development finance, but lagging behind.
Important steps forward were taken last week in Paris.
The World Bank, under its brilliant new president, Ajay Banga, committed to an expanded crisis toolkit, replete with new types of insurance to backstop development projects, and crucially, to a pause in debt repayments so that countries can focus on what matters when crisis strikes without worrying about the bill.
Kristalina Georgieva, the head of the IMF, gave us some reassuring news about how we may now be on track to meet the target of sharing $100 billion in special drawing rights.
However, there is still a gap in what needs to be accomplished, which is why the UK needs to rediscover the lost art of leading, and that is what this Bill proposes.
First, we should be increasing the on-lending of special drawing rights and following Japan’s lead.
We have £19 billion-worth of new special drawing rights, and they are sitting there gathering dust in the exchange equalisation account.
We have said that we will share 20%, but Japan said it will share 40%.
If we match that target, we could supply nearly £4 billion of extra resource to the poorest countries.
I have been asking Foreign Secretaries and Treasury Secretaries for two years why  we are not matching the ambition of countries such as Japan and, frankly, I am yet to receive a good and coherent answer.
Secondly, we should be using some of those special drawing rights to support the work of the African Development Bank.
If we lent £500 million-worth of special drawing rights, the ADB could quadruple it in new concessional lending to countries across Africa.
Thirdly, we should be helping to build a bigger World Bank.
The World Bank remains the most efficient and effective way of mobilising development finance.