I am not sure what the question was.
We want the same things: value for customers, and clean and plentiful water.
We want to hold the water companies to account.
We want them to invest the money needed to deliver the right services.
That is why we have a plan for water, our targets and the measures in the Environment Act.
It is why the regulator Ofwat has taken all the actions I mentioned to increase the transparency of water companies and to ensure that money is not being paid out if there is any environmental impact or performance negativity.
In the last year, a number of my constituents on the Westfield estate have had their homes and gardens flooded with raw sewage.
Yorkshire Water accepts that it is its sewage, but does not accept responsibility to help with the clean-up.
Will the Minister look at the legal position to ensure that water companies are held accountable?
In  the meantime, we should put pressure on Yorkshire Water and others to pay for the clean-up that my constituents are having to fund themselves.
The hon.
Gentleman will know that we have put huge pressure on the water companies, which now have to invest £56 billion in infrastructure to deal with sewage issues.
If he wants to meet me to talk about that issue, I will be happy to.
Back in January I asked the water Minister whether she thought that the current system of regulation was fit for purpose, and she said yes.
I ask her again: does she still think that it is?
Yes.
Water companies were sold with no debt when they were privatised in 1989.
In fact, they were given a £1.5 billion green dowry by the Government.
Since then, they have taken on borrowing of £60.6 billion, diverting income from customer bills to paying dividends and interest payments.
As a result, water bills have increased by upwards of 40% in real terms.
Does the Minister honestly think that consumers hail privatisation as a success?
Ultimately, the customers pay for investment in the industry, but over a very long period, as the hon.
Lady will know.
If a company did not pay out dividends it would struggle to get access to finance to fund future investment.
That would limit the level of investment and have an impact on future customers.
Companies have to pay up front for a lot of that investment, because they need to secure a large amount of funding to pay for it.
To avoid customer bills increasing drastically to pay for that, companies have to secure the money by raising debt or equity.
She knows how it works.
The regulator has to ensure that that system is fully functioning, the water companies are resilient and we have all the resilient water supply that we require.
It has been reported that the companies are drawing up their business plans for 2025 to 2030 and that, on average, they are looking at a 25% increase in bills.
Given what we have heard today, would billpayers in my constituency not think that rather than paying extra to water companies, they may as well just flush their money down the drain for all the good it will do to improve water quality, services and investment in infrastructure?
All those plans are being assessed right now.
The draft plans go to Ofwat, where they are analysed with a fine-toothed comb.
All the things I have mentioned today will be scrutinised, so that we can deliver the infrastructure that is needed and have the clean and plentiful water supplies we require as well as a clean and healthy environment, with no undue impact on customer bills.
All those things have to be taken into account to deliver the water supplies that the people we meet and the people we serve deserve.