In the one part of the country where Labour does have responsibility—Wales—has she noticed that the sewerage overflows are almost double the rate per overflow pipe as in England?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for pointing that out; I cannot support more strongly what he said.
We have a private system, and Ofwat says that it is financially resilient.
We need investment in these companies to make them function properly.
Obviously, we need to hold the companies to account, but we need to see enormous investment.
Everything in the Government’s plan for water, including the storm overflow discharge reduction plan, is fully costed.
We are not pulling the wool over people's eyes; we are telling them clearly what this will mean and how it will deliver the water services that we need.
Thames Water, which is on the verge of going under, provides a quarter of the population with their water supply.
When was the Minister told about its financial plight?
What is the plan if the worst comes to the worst and it does go under?
The hon.
Member is right that Thames Water supplies an enormous part of our population.
Ofwat has been working closely with Thames Water, as it does all water companies, and the Government work with Ofwat, giving it our strategic policy statement on what its priorities will be.
Overall, the water companies are considered resilient, and much work is going on behind the scenes with Thames Water to ensure that customers will not be affected.
If necessary, there is a process in place to move us to the next stage.
Swindon residents will be concerned about the future of Thames Water, so I ask my hon.
Friend please to keep me and colleagues updated on any issues relating to that.
Underlying this issue, Labour’s model will clearly never work—we must understand that only the private sector will be able to invest. [
Interruption.]
Labour Members bleat now, but they did nothing about it when they were in government.
Is the point not that where we have in effect a private  monopoly, the regulator must be as effective as possible?
Will my hon.
Friend do everything possible to ensure that Ofwat is working in the full interests of customers?
Aspects of its operation do not seem to pass that test.
I thank my right hon.
and learned Friend.
Thames Water is a big water company that delivers on a wide scale.
Ofwat is working very closely with the company on its plans, which will be looked over and submitted, and accounts will be submitted in due course, so that we have a resilient pathway.
Customers, including his constituents, should rest assured that both their water and wastewater supplies will be protected.
This privatised industry knows that, at the end of the day, the banker of last resort is the British taxpayer.
That is exactly where we are with Thames Water, which has been taking profits for the last 35 years and not investing for the future.
Regardless of what went on before, we must have investment in what is in front of the industry, but Thames Water has failed to plan ahead.
It has taken money but not done the job expected of it while being in charge of such an essential public service.
What will the Government do to protect consumers and ensure that we plan ahead for the industry?
Ofwat is the independent regulator and, as the hon.
Member will know, the Government direct it through the strategic policy statement.
It is Ofwat’s job to ensure that in the price review, when the water companies submit their plans—they are going over the draft plans now—they demonstrate that they will deliver on the Government’s targets on storm overflows, leakage and demand reduction.
It is for Ofwat to ensure that companies will be resilient in delivering that infrastructure.
There is a firm structure in place.