Just last year, as raw human sewage was being pumped out across the country, £1.4 billion was paid out to shareholders.
Now, all that was warned about is coming to pass: leaks are leading to water shortages; sewage dumping pollutes our rivers, lakes and seas; and the only thing on the up is debt, at £60 billion.
The Conservative party’s cycle of privatising profit, usually for multibillion-pound foreign sovereign wealth funds, and nationalising risk is not sustainable, and neither is it a fair deal for working people.
The news we are seeing is the result of the Conservative party’s failed “profit above public interest” experiment, in which it handed over the water industry at a knock-down price to private enterprise, together with the entire infrastructure serving the nation.
That was almost unique to water.
For instance, when rail was privatised, the tracks were not sold off.
With water, however, the lot was handed over, with few safeguards for our national interest, our national security or bill payers.
When was the Minister’s Department first made aware of the financial situation at Thames Water?
Has her Department had any reason to believe that those responsible at Thames Water would not be able to meet their licence conditions or legal obligations?
If this means a taxpayer-funded bail-out, how much will that cost and how will it be paid for?
What assessment has she made of the liability of UK pension funds that are invested in Thames Water, and in other water companies considered to be at risk?
Given where we are, will she confirm her confidence in the financial regulator?
Finally, given what we see with Thames Water today, does she have concerns about any other water companies, or does she consider this to be an isolated case?
In the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, we have our individual portfolios, and I am the water Minister.
The Secretary of State has full confidence in her Ministers when sending them to the Dispatch Box.
The shadow Minister raised the issue of debt.
For information, debt to equity fell last year by 4% in the water industry, actually making it more resilient.
Since privatisation, capital investment in the water industry has been 84% higher than it was pre-privatisation—we need to get that out there and on the table.
In terms of Thames Water, it is not for me to comment on the individual financial position of a water company.
We have an independent regulator that is doing that; indeed, that is what the regulator, Ofwat, is for.
Water companies are commercial entities, and it is for the company and its investors to resolve any issues.
The Government, of course, are confident that Ofwat, as the economic regulator of the water industry, is working closely with any company that is facing financial stress.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
Sewage treatment plants are all too often overwhelmed at times of heavy rain.
As well as installing stormwater tanks, such as the new 4 million litre stormwater tank in Scarborough, does the Minister agree that we should do more to encourage homeowners to harvest grey water, which can buffer the effects of heavy rain, and use that for such things as flushing the toilet?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for broadening the scope of the debate.
We are in discussions with the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities—many of these issues involve working with other Departments—on grey water harvesting and better using the rain that does fall.
A farmer in Devon whom I visited was collecting all the water from his farm buildings roofs to supply his animals.
In assessing, as the Minister has explained, the resilience of the water industry, what assessment is she making of the impact on UK pension funds if a major company such as Thames Water fails, as is being widely suggested in the press?