That is why we have launched our plan for water to pull everything together to ensure that we deal with any pollution incidents, water supply issues and the future of the water industry.
It is why we have set our targets and produced our storm sewage overflow plan, and why the water companies will have to spend £56 billion on capital investment by 2050 to address that.
Every water company, including Thames Water, has to make an action plan for each of its storm sewage overflows.
Thames Water will do that.
When they were privatised, water companies had all the debt written off, so they started with zero.
Since then, they have borrowed £53 billion, much of which has been used to help pay £72 billion in dividends.
The investment has been made by borrowing and putting it on to customers’ bills.
Now, the ratings agency S&P has negative outlooks for two thirds of the UK water companies it rates, because they are over-leveraged and took out too much debt in an era of low interest, which they now have to pay back.
This is not a triumph but a huge problem for the resilience of our water industry.
What will the Minister do when water companies start falling over?
For information, Thames Water itself has not paid any dividends for the last six years.
Ofwat will rightly hold companies to account when they do  not clearly demonstrate the link between dividends and performance.
We made that possible through the landmark Environment Act.[Official Report,  10 July 2023 , Vol.
736, c. 2MC.]
I want to bring the Minister back to the figures we have just heard.
Water companies had no debt when they were privatised.
Since then, they have borrowed £53 billion, and much of that has been used to help pay £72 billion in dividends.
Meanwhile, we have an appalling sewage scandal, particularly in the south-east of England.
The failing company Southern Water, which my constituents have no choice but to rely on, is considering raising bills by £279 per year by 2030, largely to pay for the investment that it should have been making in previous years.
Does that not show that the privatisation of water was a serious mistake that needs to be permanently rectified?
Privatisation has enabled clean and plentiful water to come out of our taps.
It has unlocked £190 billion of funding to invest in the industry.
That is the equivalent of £5 billion annually, and is double what we had pre-privatisation.
I am not saying that there is not still a lot of scope for improvement.
I have stood at this Dispatch Box many times, as has the Secretary of State, to say that some actions of water companies are completely unacceptable.
That is why we have introduced the storm overflow plan and our plan for water.
As two Members have said, funding and loans to the water companies are a huge issue, as that is where they have paid their dividends from.
On shareholders, we have foreign investors taking huge amounts of money away from this country, and we need better fund managers who are able to assess where they put their money.
They should be held accountable, too.
Ofwat has not been doing what it is supposed to do.
I believe that the chief executive of Ofwat applied for a job at Thames Water.
That shows what the companies are doing and how Ofwat works with them—rather than scrutinising them, people are looking for the next job.
We have to stop that and stop my constituents paying more for water.
They need decent water in their homes and in the environment around them.
That is what we want the Government to ensure.
This Tory policy has failed for years.
I am not sure what the question was.
We want the same things: value for customers, and clean and plentiful water.
We want to hold the water companies to account.