It is Ofwat’s job to ensure that in the price review, when the water companies submit their plans—they are going over the draft plans now—they demonstrate that they will deliver on the Government’s targets on storm overflows, leakage and demand reduction.
It is for Ofwat to ensure that companies will be resilient in delivering that infrastructure.
There is a firm structure in place.
Ofwat also constantly monitors companies’ gearing—debt-to-equity—levels, and the Government are confident that the regulator is taking reasonable measures to challenge companies to reduce those gearing levels where appropriate.
About a quarter of the country’s economic output is in sectors under regulators, including the water industry.
With Ofwat and in other sectors with Ofgem and the Financial Conduct Authority, we have seen regulators not performing to the standards that the public, or indeed industry, would expect.
If we are honest, we in this House and in Parliament do not have the toolkit to assess regulators’ performance on a systemic basis year in, year out.
Will my hon.
Friend work with ministerial colleagues to see whether we can improve the regular oversight of regulators such as Ofwat so that we can take a more rounded view on such issues, rather than have them come through urgent questions as brought by the Opposition?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that.
It is essential that we have fully functioning regulators.
Since the Government came to power, Ofwat has done an enormous amount to streamline what it does, improve transparency, change licences and make changes so that dividends are not paid if any environmental damage is being caused.
The Government have directed that through the strategic policy statement.
Indeed, our targets will ensure that the regulator enables the water companies  to put the right measures in place.
He is right, however, that one should never be complacent, and if things need to be improved through the regulators, they should happen.
But I assure him that a big effort is being made.
Many of my constituents are hugely worried about reports of Thames Water being on the brink and what that could mean for their bills.
Thames Water has been managed appallingly: leaks have not been dealt with, sewage has been continually dumped and the former chief executive officer Sarah Bentley needed to be asked to forgo her bonus.
All the while, the Government have been missing in action.
Why are the Government yet again running to catch up—nothing in the Minister’s statement gives confidence that they have a grip—with our constituents paying the price?
Where water companies underperform and do not meet their targets, a process is in place whereby basically they have to credit the money back to their customers.
Last year, £143 million was credited back in that respect.
So the regulator does have the tools to do that.
It has tightened up so many of its measures, all of which will affect all the water companies.[Official Report,  10 July 2023 , Vol.
736, c. 1MC.]
The Minister will not be able to comment on Thames Water’s finances in detail, but can she assure my constituents, who will be really worried, that, whatever happens, their day-to-day services will be protected and the much-needed upgrades will still be delivered?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that.
He is right that customers come first, and Thames Water customers will be assured their water supplies and wastewater services.
I am happy to meet him to discuss that.
Residents in Twickenham, Teddington and the Hamptons will be extremely worried to hear that Thames Water is on the brink of collapse, but they are also fed up to the back teeth with this company.
Not only does it pump sewage into our precious River Thames, but recently we have seen sewage flooding our streets at times of flooding from rainfall, and there are now plans to pump treated sewage into the Thames at times of drought.