He has more recently brought live subtitling and British Sign Language to our proceedings.
I am sure I speak on behalf of the whole House in thanking John and wishing him all the best for the future. [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”]
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 28 June.
Today, we will have the Second Reading of the Holocaust Memorial Bill.
For decades, survivors such as the late Sir Ben Helfgott showed extraordinary courage in sharing their testimonies so that we would never forget.
I hope the whole House will unite today to get this Bill through and put those testimonies at the heart of our democracy for generations to come.
This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
For three years, since I was elected, I have been campaigning to improve health facilities in my community.
I am pleased to see significant investment in Leicestershire, with £14 million for a community diagnostic centre in Hinckley and, as part of a £20 billion programme, hospital improvements at the Leicester Royal Infirmary and the Glenfield Hospital.
But I am looking for a hat-trick of health in Hinckley—I am looking for a day case unit.
The money is already there but it is tied up in red tape.
I have raised this issue with the Health Secretary.
Will the Prime Minister look to see what he can do, and would he like to come to open the unit next year in Hinckley?
I am delighted that since its opening last month the Hinckley CDC has already delivered more than 300 additional tests to the local community.
My hon.
Friend will know that it is for the local health authorities to determine how to allocate the NHS budget in their area, but I have no doubt that he will continue to make the case to them for a day case unit in his community.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
Mr Speaker, may I join your tribute to John and wish him all the best on behalf of the House?
I also join the Prime Minister in his comments about the holocaust memorial.
I would also like to wish Muslims across the country a happy Eid.
Last week, the Labour party lost Margaret McDonagh, our first female general secretary and a trailblazer in every sense of the word.
Margaret provided guidance, leadership and loyal friendship to so many in the Labour movement.
It was not long after I started in this job that Margaret was at my door, and I will be forever grateful for the advice and support she gave me.
We will all miss her terribly.
The Prime Minister’s party spent thousands of pounds on adverts attacking plans to build 300,000 new homes a year.
At the same time, his Housing Minister says that it is Tory party policy to build 300,000 new homes a year.
So is the Prime Minister for building 300,000 new homes a year or against it?
I remind the right hon.
and learned Gentleman of our record since being in office: 2.2 million additional homes; housing starts double the number we inherited from the Labour party; more homes meeting the decent homes standard; housing supply up 10% in the last year for which we have figures; and, also in the last year for which we have figures, we saw a 20-year high in the number of first-time buyers.
That is a Conservative Government delivering for this country.
It was not a difficult question.
Can he point to a single person, in housing, construction or anywhere, who thinks that he will actually hit his target of 300,000 new homes a year?
Anyone?
The record is that in the last three years we have delivered almost record numbers of new home building in every one of those years.