Friend that we keep all these issues under close monitoring, and we are doing our best to ensure that individual areas take their fair share of the burden when it comes to looking after people in our asylum system.
Just to reassure her, we have sped up asylum decision making.
The system that we inherited was paralysed, and we are getting it going again so that we can deal with this issue as quickly as possible.
This Labour Government inherited a situation from the Conservatives where we were spending almost £9 million every single day on asylum hotels, including the Crewe Arms hotel in my constituency.
Will the Minister set out what steps she is taking to bring down those costs, as well as speeding up decision making, so that we can reopen the Crewe Arms as a hotel?
We are as anxious as my hon.
Friend to end the use of asylum hotels, but the backlogs we inherited from the Conservatives and the time it was taking—decision making collapsed by 70% in the last three months of that Government—have made it harder to empty hotels than we thought it would be at the beginning.
However, we have sped up; there has been a 116% increase in initial asylum decisions.
We are speeding up the system, we are getting people through the system, and we will close all asylum hotels by the end of this Parliament.
I call the shadow Home Secretary.
I gently remind the Minister that the number of immigrants in asylum hotels has gone up since the general election.
I recently visited an asylum hotel and saw bikes from Deliveroo, Just Eat and Uber Eats in the hotel compound.
Local eyewitnesses confirmed that the illegal immigrants in the hotel had been illegally working.
That creates a pull factor, because people smugglers actively market illegal working opportunities.
It also creates risk for women and girls, who might receive deliveries late at night from these undocumented illegal immigrants.
Will the Minister at least commit now to preventing this illegal working from taking place from the hotels that she runs?
We have had a 50% increase in raids and arrests on illegal working since we came into government, so perhaps the shadow Home Secretary should have spent more time when he was in government enforcing the rules on illegal working.
We are doing more, including extending the law on illegal working to the gig economy.
That measure is in the Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill, which he voted against.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Enabling new refugees to prepare properly for life in the UK will be key to reducing the need for asylum accommodation.
In my constituency we have seen the extension of the move-on period not only giving new refugees much-needed time to make those preparations, but protecting other public bodies such as the local authority from being left to pick up the costs.
We welcomed the news last December of the Government’s decision to trial a longer move-on period for six months, but those six months have now come and gone, and despite numerous requests for an answer, the Government have provided no certainty on whether the trial will be extended.
Can the Minister provide clarity today?
As it happens, I can.
We have extended the move-on trial until the end of the year.
If she will review the temporary worker visa regulations for the fish processing sector.
The seasonal worker route is designed to support the horticulture and poultry sectors, both of which have short-term seasonal production  peaks.
I discussed these issues with the Scottish Minister during my visit to Peterhead fish market in February.
There is not the same evidence of seasonal patterns in the fish processing sector, which would require significant but short-term increases in labour, but I am always happy to discuss these matters with colleagues in the House.