I thank the Minister for that answer.
Gwent police are taking on dangerous, illegal off-road bikes, but a related problem is electric bikes, which are sometimes chipped to go faster and have become a new danger.
Will the Minister please look into this?
The bikes can be switched up from being a means to get from A to B into being a real menace.
Yes, I am very happy to look into that issue and to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss it.
He may want to know that the 60 additional officers that are going to be available in his police force area by the end of this year will help to tackle some of the antisocial behaviour involving e-bikes and other vehicles.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
On  7 July 2005 , terrorists attacked London’s transport network at King’s Cross, Russell Square, Edgware Road, Aldgate and Tavistock Square.
Fifty-two people, who were travelling by tube and bus across the capital, never came home.
We remember them and the loved ones they left behind, and all those who faced terrible injuries and endured the trauma of that day, and we remember the incredible bravery and courage of those who responded—the emergency service workers and the fellow passengers who saved lives that day.
In the words of the King, this was an act of senseless evil, but he also reminds us that we must
“remember the countless stories of extraordinary courage and compassion”
as
“the very best of humanity in the face of the very worst.”
I want to thank not just those who responded that day but those who have continued to work tirelessly in the two decades since against Islamist extremist terrorism, against other increasingly complex terror and national security threats, in counter-terror policing, in the security and intelligence agencies, and on prevention.
Most importantly of all, this is about all of us, as we remember how our capital and our country came together across communities and across faiths to ensure that we never let hatred win.
I associate myself with the Home Secretary’s remarks.
Eastleigh police station was closed in 2019 after 95 years of service.
In 2023, the Hampshire police and crime commissioner promised that a new station would be opening within 12 months, but we still do not have one.
Does the Secretary of State agree that my constituents deserve a new police station?
As the hon.
Member will know, decisions about where police stations are located are for the local force, the chief constable and the police and crime commissioner.
She will welcome the news that Hampshire is getting 65 additional neighbourhood police officers, who will be out on the beat this year as a result of the Government’s neighbourhood policing guarantee.
I  join colleagues in paying tribute to all those affected by the 7/7 attacks.
In Huddersfield, new neighbourhood policing teams are making a difference in restoring safety to our town centres, with 12 additional officers for the team.
I welcome the 6.8% funding uplift received by West Yorkshire police this year, but given the persistent challenges that town centres face—including violent and knife crime, which we have seen in Huddersfield—will the Secretary of State update the House on how the Government will continue to support neighbourhood policing and ensure that forces such as West Yorkshire have the long-term resources that they need to keep communities safe?
My hon.
Friend is right that we need the additional neighbourhood policing in West Yorkshire.
I welcome the 12 additional officers in her constituency, the 100 additional neighbourhood police officers across  West Yorkshire and, of course, the additional police officers in Pontefract and Castleford town centres.
We have made it clear to police forces across the country that the focus this summer needs to be on tackling town centre crime.
I associate myself with the Home Secretary’s remarks about the terrorist atrocities perpetrated on 7/7.