The Government are determined to crack down on antisocial behaviour, and tackling it is a central theme of our safer streets summer initiative, which is currently under way in over 500 towns.
Our Crime and Policing Bill will provide policing with a  suite of new powers to tackle antisocial behaviour, including respect orders to get persistent offenders out of town centres, and stronger powers to seize dangerous and deafening off-road bikes.
I again remind the House that the Conservatives voted against those measures recently.
With increasing incidents of antisocial behaviour and falling police numbers in Scotland, will the Minister assure me that she will share learning from the safer streets initiative with SNP Ministers, as it is rolled out, to encourage them to raise their game on this issue?
Will she also join me and Police Scotland in Fife in praising Kingdom Off Road motorcycle club in my constituency, which is such a success in running activities that divert young people from antisocial behaviour?
We will of course learn lessons over the summer from our initiative and our blitz on town centres, and I am willing to share that with SNP Ministers, which I think would be very helpful in the light of what my hon.
Friend said about the problems people are facing in Scotland.
I of course welcome and commend the work with young people that is going on in his constituency.
We have exciting plans for Gateshead town centre, but we have more work to do on antisocial behaviour.
Northumbria police’s Operation Shield has brought down antisocial behaviour significantly, but more powers and more officers are needed.
What are the Government doing to ensure that the police have both the powers and the resources to tackle persistent antisocial behaviour?
First, I am very pleased to hear about the work of Northumbria police with Operation Shield, which I think is to be commended.
We want to work collectively with forces to focus on town centres nationwide, while recognising that some town centres and areas of the country have more significant problems to address.
We want to build on existing data, good practice and evidence to develop a model that can then be rolled out up and down the country.
Glastonbury town centre has seen increasing rates of antisocial behaviour, shoplifting and crime.
A local charity shop manager told me that residents and customers are too scared to walk down the high street, which obviously has a negative impact on the local economy.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how effective community policing can be the solution to the persistent issues that Glastonbury is facing?
I am, of course, very happy to meet the hon.
Lady.
That is why neighbourhood policing is important, and why the Government made a commitment to put 13,000 additional police personnel back into our town centres and communities over the course of this Parliament, to provide the reassurance that communities have not had for far too long, with the decimation of neighbourhood policing over previous years.
I thank the Minister very much for her answer.
I know she is very aware of what we are doing in Northern Ireland, where community  police officers are an important part of our policing.
The relationships they build up over a period of 12 months, 18 months or two years mean that they become a part of the community.
We should share good ideas—we have good ideas, as has the Minister.
Will she take the opportunity to discuss those ideas with the policing Minister and the Chief Constable in Northern Ireland, because I believe that what we do can help here as well?
I am very pleased to hear about the good ideas being rolled out in Northern Ireland.
I hope very much to be able to visit in the near future, so that I am able to see for myself that community policing in Northern Ireland.