Friend knows that this Labour Government are committed to fiscal and political stability, because that is what matters for family finances and getting this country back on track after years of chaos under the Conservatives.
I find it highly alarming that the Chief Secretary to the Treasury does not seem to realise that the cost of Government borrowing is higher now than at any time since the last Labour Government.
All of this comes back to decisions about spending, so why, when Labour’s manifesto said that it would limit spending increases to £9.5 billion a year, did it increase spending by eight times as much—£76 billion a year—three months later in its Budget?
Because the Conservative party had not done a spending review since 2021 and let inflation go through the roof, and the cost of doing business was higher, along with a whole string of broken promises from the Conservatives.
The sooner they reflect on their mistakes and apologise to the country, the better for all of us.
With major investments announced by this Government that will directly benefit my constituents—such as the lower Thames crossing, Darent Valley hospital and school building renewal—does the Chief Secretary agree that this Government have the fiscal rules in place to provide the economic stability we need to renew our social and economic infrastructure, which was left in a terrible state by the last Government?
I thank my hon.
Friend for demonstrating the real consequences of fiscal discipline, but also the fact that the Chancellor updated the fiscal rules to allow for investment in precisely the kinds of projects my hon.
Friend mentions in his constituency—in hospitals, schools, better roads, public transport and more affordable housing across the country.
With its NI rises, among other measures, last year’s Budget skewed the tax burden on to small companies.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for St Albans (Daisy Cooper)  has just laid out some measures that would skew that burden towards bigger companies and multinationals.
Given that the Government’s No.
1 priority is growth, could the Chief Secretary explain why we are taxing small companies over big companies?
I think the hon.
Member is referring to employer’s national insurance contributions, which—as I have set out to the House—were designed to limit the burden on smaller businesses, with bigger businesses paying more.
That was the way that the system was designed, and that was the system that the Chancellor put forward.
The only way out of the economic doom loop that the previous Government got us into is by growing the British economy again.
If the British economy had grown over the past 10 years as quickly as the OECD national average, there would be £40 billion more sitting in the Exchequer without having to touch spending or taxes at all. [
Interruption.]
The Conservatives talk about the fastest growth in the G7—that is like walking the first 26 miles of a marathon and then bragging about jogging over the finish line.
Growth was unacceptably slow under the previous Government, so can the Chief Secretary let us know what he is doing to get the British economy growing again, particularly changing the broken planning system so that we can build more homes and energy infrastructure here in the UK?
My hon.
Friend speaks passionately, because his constituents know that they were worse off at the end of 14 years of the Conservatives than when they started.
He knows that this Labour Government are committed to making his constituents better off at this end of this Parliament than they were at the start.
That is what our investment in the renewal of Britain is about, and it is what this Labour Government will deliver.
We all know that taxes are coming; we just do not know on whom they are going to fall hardest.
The country is nervous, with every family and every business wondering how much those taxes are going to cost them.