As the hon.
Gentleman knows, it is right and proper that the Treasury looks at OBR forecasts in an orderly way when it  produces its forecast in line with the fiscal forecast.
That is how we bring stability back to the public finances, and that is what we will be doing.
The Leader of the Opposition has appointed every member of Liz Truss’s Treasury team to her Front Bench, apart from those booted out by the public.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that a party that has no fiscal strategy but to believe “In Liz We Truss” cannot be trusted on any of it?
In a more conciliatory tone to Conservative Members, let me say that they have so few MPs they had no choice.
Since the Budget, some 270,000 jobs have been lost and borrowing is up by tens of billions of pounds.
Just last week, the Office for Budget Responsibility indicated that it will lower its forecast for the second time since the Budget.
Does the Chancellor still have confidence in the OBR, or has she lost confidence in it?
The Chancellor has confidence in the OBR.
The consequences of losing control of the country’s finances, as the Conservatives did, caused real pain and a cost of living crisis for my constituents.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree it is only because of our sound economic management that we have seen wages rise for working people at a faster rate in the first 10 months of this Labour Government than in the last 10 years of the Conservative Government?
My hon.
Friend is right.
Whether it is investors, market traders or our constituents, they got sick to the back teeth of chaos under the Conservatives, whether it was the mess of Brexit or the change in Prime Minister and Chancellor every five minutes.
Ultimately, that resulted in a Parliament in which people were worse off at the end of the Conservative Administration than they were at the start, and our mortgages and rents were higher as a cost of the loss of control in the public finances.
This Labour Government will never let that happen again.
A £6 billion hole has been opened up because those on the Labour Front Bench cannot get those on the Labour Back Benches to vote for their own policies.
As a result, No.
10 is today conspicuously refusing to rule out a wealth tax.
If we tell business people and wealth creators that their money will get taxed if they leave it in this country, we drive even more investors away.
Is it not the case that even if this measure is not ultimately put in place, over the next couple of months the speculation about a wealth tax itself will drive investment away from this country?
The hon.
Member knows that the Chancellor will set out any decisions on tax one way or the other in the Budget, which she will do in the autumn.
Does the Chief Secretary agree that this Government have had the courage to make the difficult but necessary decisions in an effort to ensure sound public finances and improve the economy, while the Opposition have hid behind their mistakes and have no credible economic plan of their own?
My hon.
Friend knows that this Labour Government are committed to fiscal and political stability, because that is what matters for family finances and getting this country back on track after years of chaos under the Conservatives.
I find it highly alarming that the Chief Secretary to the Treasury does not seem to realise that the cost of Government borrowing is higher now than at any time since the last Labour Government.
All of this comes back to decisions about spending, so why, when Labour’s manifesto said that it would limit spending increases to £9.5 billion a year, did it increase spending by eight times as much—£76 billion a year—three months later in its Budget?