Raids and arrests for illegal working are up 50% in the last year; civil penalties in the last quarter were at their highest rate since 2016; and we are taking action to close the gig economy loophole through the Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill, which he and his Conservative friends voted against.
What steps is the Home Office taking to ensure that Palestinian students awarded scholarships to UK universities can obtain visas and travel to the UK to take up their places?
That is an important issue.
I am working closely with the Under-Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lincoln (Mr Falconer) , and the Israeli, Jordanian and Egyptian authorities to identify safe routes by which British nationals and other eligible people can leave Gaza, or indeed the west bank, and so are able to obtain visas and travel to the UK.
I call the Father of the House.
The number of small boat crossings is driving people mad and eroding support for the Labour Government, just as it eroded support for the Conservatives.
I worry for the Labour Government; I want them to do better on this, for all our sakes.
Have not our French friends got a point about this country being uniquely attractive to illegal asylum seekers?
We do not have identity cards, and we do not do what the Belgians do, which is to refuse to put them in reception centres.
Can we make a study of what every other member of the Council of  Europe is doing, and replicate the strongest actions, so that this is not the most attractive country for illegal asylum seekers?
I agree with the right hon.
Member that we need to take action on a whole range of things.
That includes action in France, further action on the network of criminal gangs, action on the water, and action to tackle illegal working and reform the asylum system in the UK.
We inherited a system in which there was not enough action on illegal working; that is why we have ensured a 50% increase in raids and arrests.
We will also bring forward more reforms on asylum.
To what extent does the Minister agree that reform of the European convention on human rights, which can block us from deporting some foreign criminals, including paedophiles, should be a priority for the Government?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that it should be for Parliament and the Government to decide who has a right to remain in our country.
As set out in our immigration White Paper, we intend to clarify these issues and the application of article 8 rights in the UK.
Less than three weeks ago, the Home Secretary whipped her Back Benchers against new clause 43 to the Crime and Policing Bill, which had cross-party support and would have criminalised the harassment of women and girls.
Her Ministers promised at the Dispatch Box and elsewhere that the new clause was not necessary because the matter would be dealt with in the violence against women and girls strategy, which was meant to come out before the recess.
We now hear that it is not coming out before the recess.
Did Ministers misspeak at the Dispatch Box, or are they incompetent?
If the hon.
Gentleman wishes to read the National Audit Office’s report on the previous Government’s violence against women and girls strategy, he will see that the strategy was found totally wanting.
What about your strategy?
I will come to it.
It was also undeliverable and untested.
I want to ensure that the violence against women and girls strategy that goes out in this Government’s name is the best it can possibly be.
One of my constituents found that, despite taking precautions, their identity had been assumed, and their PIN for online banking was changed.
That was repeated across other accounts, and thousands of pounds were stolen.