Before we begin, I should like to take a moment to remember that today is the 20th anniversary of the terrible London bombings in 2005.
The thoughts of the House today are with the victims and their families, and with the emergency services, London’s NHS and the staff of Transport for London, who responded so bravely to the events on that day.
I think we all remember where we were when that horrific news came through.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps she is taking to deliver effective community policing.
What recent progress her Department has made on improving neighbourhood policing.
I join you, Mr Speaker, in remembering the 52 people who never came home on that terrible day, as we remember the 20th anniversary of the 7/7 London terrorist attacks, and remember too all those whose lives were changed that day.
I will say more on this matter during topicals.
The Government are rebuilding neighbourhood policing after it was decimated under the previous Government.
This year we are putting 3,000 more neighbourhood police and police community support officers back on the beat, backed by £200 million of additional funding and detailed plans drawn up by police forces for increased patrols in town centres this summer.
Special constables play a vital role in visible community policing, but the number of specials dropped by over 700 between 2023 and 2024, and we lost one in four in the same period in my constituency of Chichester, which is represented by Sussex police.
Will the Home Secretary consider practical incentives such as council tax relief or free local travel, like those that the Met police currently have, to support recruitment and retention of those specials?
I welcome the hon.
Member’s point about specials.
They play an extremely important role and the drop in the number of specials across the country in the years before the ones to which she refers was even steeper.
I am pleased that Sussex police are getting not just 43 additional neighbourhood police officers, but a further 21 specials into neighbourhood teams this year.
We will continue to look at what more we can do to increase support for specials and get more on the beat.
Last week I joined Blackpool police and our police and crime commissioner, Clive Grunshaw, under the iconic Blackpool tower to launch the safer streets summer initiative in Blackpool.
This has coincided with delivering the guarantee that every community in Blackpool will now have a named police officer and PCSO, which has been welcomed across the community.
Can the Home Secretary confirm that my constituents will soon see more visible policing and regular foot patrols in our town centre, and, crucially, start to feel safer and more confident on the streets of Blackpool?
My hon.
Friend is right, and he and I have talked to shop managers in his constituency about the importance of tackling town centre crime.
It is why Lancashire police are getting an additional 83 police officers and PCSOs into neighbourhood teams this year.
I strongly welcome the work they are doing as part of the Government’s safer streets summer initiative to tackle shop theft and street assaults; doing so can make so much difference to keeping people safe.
I call the Chair of the Home Affairs Committee.
May I associate myself and my Committee with your words earlier, Mr Speaker, regarding the 20th anniversary that we are marking today?
Live facial recognition technology is an effective tool in community and neighbourhood policing.
We know that is being used effectively by the Metropolitan police, but other police forces are nervous because they do not believe that the statutory underpinning is in place.
Can the Home Secretary provide some reassurance about what the Government will do to make sure this technology can be used effectively?
The Committee Chair is right that live facial recognition can play a role in keeping communities safe.