We know that is being used effectively by the Metropolitan police, but other police forces are nervous because they do not believe that the statutory underpinning is in place.
Can the Home Secretary provide some reassurance about what the Government will do to make sure this technology can be used effectively?
The Committee Chair is right that live facial recognition can play a role in keeping communities safe.
As a result, the Minister for Policing has been meeting not just police forces but other organisations to ensure that we can draw up a new framework to give all police forces the confidence to use facial recognition in the best way in order to keep communities safe.
We need good community policing, but we also need good senior leadership teams in our forces.
A recent review of Warwickshire police showed the leadership and the force management need improvement, and that its response times were inadequate.
Would the Home Secretary look into Warwickshire police?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
We want to see standards raised across policing and across all police forces.
That is why the police reform  White Paper will set out new measures to improve performance management across all police forces.
Warwickshire is getting an additional 22 police officers, PCSOs and specials on to the streets.
I call the shadow Minister.
May I join you, Mr Speaker, in marking the anniversary of the 7/7 London bombings?
Our thoughts are with the victims and families, and all who did all they could to help those in need.
Yesterday, Met Police Commissioner Sir Mark Rowley called the spending review “disappointing”, highlighting that he is being forced to cut 1,700 officers and staff.
Policing may not be a priority for this Labour Government, but the last Government put a record number of police on our streets.
Will the Home Secretary commit to keeping total number of police officers above 147,746, as it was under the last Government—yes or no?
Unfortunately, the trouble is that actually the Conservatives did not put police on the streets.
They may have tried to reverse the massive cuts that they had made to policing after 2010, but they did not put police on the streets.
Neighbourhood policing was slashed under the Conservatives and some areas saw neighbourhood policing halve as a result.
I am glad to say that this year the Metropolitan police will put 470 additional neighbourhood police on the streets, as a result of the support that they have been given.
I think that was a failure to commit to that total number.
During the passage of the Crime and Policing Bill, we asked the Government to stop our police having to investigate playground squabbles and hurty words online as non-crime hate incidents, and now senior police officers are joining that call.
Merseyside chief constable, Serena Kennedy, has said:
“Non-crime hate incidents are having a disproportionate impact on trust and confidence in policing”.
I realise that U-turns are quite fashionable for the Government, so will the Home Secretary now finally scrap non-crime hate incidents and save 60,000 hours of police time?
I should point out to the hon.
Gentleman that police forces are following the guidance that the shadow Home Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Croydon South (Chris Philp) , drew up on this issue.
We have a review that is happening under the College of Policing at the moment, but the shadow Minister refers to the Crime and Policing Bill, which is introducing new measures on stalking, spiking, respect orders, e-bikes, off-road bikes and a whole serious of different issues, and which sadly the Conservatives voted against—so much for caring about tackling crime.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The best community policing is embedded within communities, responding to their needs.