The seasonal worker route is designed to support the horticulture and poultry sectors, both of which have short-term seasonal production  peaks.
I discussed these issues with the Scottish Minister during my visit to Peterhead fish market in February.
There is not the same evidence of seasonal patterns in the fish processing sector, which would require significant but short-term increases in labour, but I am always happy to discuss these matters with colleagues in the House.
May I begin by acknowledging the passing of a giant of our movement, Mr Alex Sim from Peterhead, whose funeral is taking place at the moment?
On  Wednesday 5 March  the Prime Minister told me from the Dispatch Box, in answer to a question about the fishing industry in my constituency:
“We…want to tackle the problems of labour shortages”.—[Official Report,  5 March 2025 ; Vol.
763, c. 280.]
However, it is not just a question of fishing.
Last week, Moray chamber of commerce told me of hospitality sector business closures, in some cases related to the inability to recruit key staff.
Can the Minister tell me what progress has been made in this vital area?
She has mentioned discussions with the Scottish Government, but when will we be informed of sector-specific progress ensuring that these industries, which are crying out for help, receive it?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, we work closely on this issue with the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, but we must also focus on addressing the underlying causes of recruitment problems.
We recognise the position in which some of our fishing communities find themselves in relation to workforce challenges, but the hon.
Gentleman will, I hope, welcome the news that through our new labour market evidence group we will be engaging with devolved Governments in the gathering and sharing of data and evidence on the state of the workforce, on training levels and on participation by all parts of the domestic labour market, so that we have an immigration system that is well informed and works for the whole United Kingdom.
Whether she plans to extend the qualifying settlement period for people with British national overseas visas.
This Government are firmly committed to supporting existing members of the Hong Kong community in the United Kingdom and those who may come here in future.
The new rules on earned settlement will be subject to consultation.
Following that consultation we will outline the way in which the new rules will operate, explaining, for instance, which immigration routes they will affect and when the changes will come in.
Many of my constituents came to the UK from Hong Kong under the BNO visa scheme in search of safety, freedom and opportunity.
They have shared with me their concerns about how the uncertainty involved in the changes in the visa system might affect their future here.
Can the Minister provide reassurance that those on BNO visas, in Milton Keynes and throughout the country, will continue to have security, stability and a clear route to permanent settlement?
My hon.
Friend is a strong and powerful advocate for members of the Hong Kong community in his constituency and throughout the UK.
We recognise those concerns, and we are taking steps to ensure that BNO visa holders have an opportunity to share their views during the consultation on the new earned settlement and citizenship rules.
As I have said, following that consultation the Government will outline the way in which the new rules will operate and the immigration routes that they will affect.
Given the ambitious nature of these proposals, it is essential that we fully understand their impact on all affected groups before making any final decisions.
In the meantime, the current rules for settlement under the BNO route will continue to apply.
Will the Minister clear up, once and for all, the further confusion over the proposed changes to the settlement period from five to 10 years?