I want to ensure that the violence against women and girls strategy that goes out in this Government’s name is the best it can possibly be.
One of my constituents found that, despite taking precautions, their identity had been assumed, and their PIN for online banking was changed.
That was repeated across other accounts, and thousands of pounds were stolen.
What steps is the Department taking to combat sophisticated cyber-crime and ensure that, in particular, older constituents like mine remain protected?
I am sorry to hear about my hon.
Friend’s constituent.
Combating these crimes is a key priority for the Government.
We continue to collaborate closely with the financial industry, organisations such as Cifas and regulators on strengthening account security and supporting victims.
I would be happy to meet him to discuss this further.
I associate myself with the Home Secretary’s comments about 7/7.
I remember that day too well, and we supported the Government then, too.
In more recent times, there have been a number of major cyber-attacks, ransomware attacks and associated blackmail of major companies.
It has come to my attention that one such company paid a very large sum to its blackmailer recently.
I will share the name with the Home Secretary afterwards; it would not be appropriate to share it in the Chamber.
Will she update the House on the progress of the Government’s actions to ensure that blackmailers of this sort do not succeed in future?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for raising this matter, and will happily meet him to discuss it.
The Home Office recently closed a consultation on a world-leading package of legislative proposals to counter ransomware.
A public response will be published shortly.
The chair of the Met Police Federation, Rick Prior, and the chair of the West Midlands Police Federation, Rich Cooke, have both been removed by the unelected chief executive of the Police Federation after speaking up for the officers they were elected to represent.
Is the Home Secretary as concerned as I am that the only staff association that police officers are legally allowed to join is no longer fit for purpose?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this issue; I know he has experience as a police officer.
I regularly meet the Police Federation and its officers and chief executive.
I will raise his concerns directly with them.
How does the Home Secretary propose to reduce the number of people in asylum accommodation in Bognor Regis and Littlehampton, given that even the Prime Minister admits that the situation in the channel is deteriorating?
By speeding up the asylum process, so that people are not trapped in asylum hotels by huge backlogs, and by increasing decision making by 116%, following the 70% fall that we saw in the three months before the last election, we will get the system moving again.
Over the past 14 years, police forces have faced significant cuts to personnel and resources.
While many areas are returning to 2010 staffing levels, the west midlands still has 540 fewer officers.
I support the efforts of the police and crime commissioner, Simon Foster.
How can we address the funding gap caused by an outdated national formula that has disadvantaged my Dudley constituents?
My hon.
Friend is a passionate advocate for policing in her constituency.
I hope she will welcome the increase for the west midlands of over 300 neighbourhood police officers and PCSOs.
It comes at a time when we are putting 3,000 more neighbourhood police on the beat.
We are also bringing in: new laws on off-road bikes and town centre crime; a ban on machetes, zombie knives and ninja swords; domestic abuse experts in 999 control rooms; and new protections against terrorism for venues.
That is action across the board to keep our communities safe.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Chancellor of the Exchequer if she will make a statement on the Government’s performance against the fiscal rules.