That is why it is so important that we have measures in the Crime and Policing Bill and the Online Safety Act 2023 to start to tackle that.
As I say, it is absolutely appalling.
What steps her Department is taking to tackle shoplifting.
This month, we have supported police and the retail industry to launch the new retail crime strategy, and the Home Secretary launched a safer streets blitz in town centres, with targeted action to tackle retail crime.
Under the previous Government, shop theft soared to record levels and assaults against retail workers spiralled out of control.
That is why, in addition to investing in neighbourhood policing, we are introducing in our Crime and Policing Bill a new stand-alone offence of assaulting a shop worker, because everybody has a right to feel safe on the job.
Staff at Tesco in Aldershot tell me that the store is facing rising levels of shoplifting, with people walking out of the store with full trolleys.
It is often the same individuals, who are emboldened because they do not fear the consequences.
Hampshire police are doing their best, but they cannot attend every incident, and store staff feel threatened and powerless.
This is a nationwide problem.
What steps is the Home Secretary taking to tackle the wave of retail crime and to protect shop workers on the frontline?
It is totally unacceptable that shop theft and violence and abuse towards retail workers have continued to rise, particularly over the last two years  of the previous Government, when they went up by 60%.
We are asking retail workers to perform a significant act of public service as they enforce restrictions on the sale of items including cigarettes, alcohol and knives.
As I have set out, the bespoke offence in the Crime and Policing Bill will help to shine a spotlight on the problem and ensure that we bring perpetrators to book.
The Bill will also ensure that the sanction of a criminal behaviour order can be attached to a conviction for assaulting a retail worker, which will help to protect retail workers.
Whether at Asda in Basildon or Waitrose in Billericay, there have been real issues with shop thefts, particularly by organised gangs, which often come from outside the local area.
They come in, ransack stores and then drive away.
What is the Minister doing to address the issues that go beyond local theft and are actually a nationwide gang issue?
The right hon.
Gentleman raises a really important point.
We will continue to crack down on the organised gangs that target retailers.
As we have set out, we will provide £5 million over the next three years to continue to fund a specialist analysis team within Opal, the national police intelligence unit for serious organised acquisitive crime, to share information and make sure that retailers are part of the conversation.
We are doing everything we can to tackle organised gangs.
What steps her Department is taking to tackle the antisocial use of off-road bikes.
Our Crime and Policing Bill, which Opposition Members voted against on Third Reading, is giving the police greater powers to clamp down on off-road bikes and other nuisance vehicles that cause chaos in our communities.
Once the changes come into force, officers will no longer be required to issue a warning before they seize a bike that is being used antisocially.
On  28 May , we published a consultation to explore changes to the circumstances in which the police can seize and destroy these vehicles, and we will not hesitate to go further if needed.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
Gwent police are taking on dangerous, illegal off-road bikes, but a related problem is electric bikes, which are sometimes chipped to go faster and have become a new danger.
Will the Minister please look into this?