The Chancellor said at the Budget that she would not be coming back with more tax rises.
Is this still the position?
Will the Chief Secretary rule out a wealth tax, along with reconfirming there will be no rise in income tax, national insurance or VAT?
The Chancellor said that she would not extend the freeze on tax thresholds because it would hurt working people.
Is this still the position?
Can the Chief Secretary confirm that the Chancellor will not be adding to her fiscal black hole by scrapping the two-child benefit cap?
Can I also ask whether consideration—
Order.
The shadow Chancellor will know the time limit.
I am sure that this will be his last sentence.
It certainly is now, Madam Deputy Speaker.
If Ministers are to begin putting their house back in order, that must start right now with full transparency and proper answers.
I think the House knows what losing control of the public finances looked like, because under the previous Conservative Government interest rates went through the roof, families were paying higher mortgage rates and the Chair of the Treasury Committee was calling out the irresponsible behaviour of Liz Truss and her Ministers in the Treasury.
That is what losing control of the public finances looked like and that is why the Conservative party lost control of Government and is in opposition today.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked me to comment on forecasts of annually managed expenditure and on future tax decisions.
He knows how this works.
All of that will happen with a forecast and a Budget, which will happen in the autumn.
We all know why the Government want to keep their fiscal rules tight, because we know what happens when the markets go wrong, but a lot of things have rocked the country since the Labour Government were elected a year ago.
Will the Chief Secretary explain to our constituents what the benefits of the fiscal rules are for them in their day-to-day lives?
This can seem a very remote and distant discussion for people who are living in overcrowded conditions or who need healthcare, for example.
I thank the Chair of the Treasury Committee for her question.
The way I would describe it to the public is that when the Government lose control of the public finances, as the Conservative party did in government, it affects not only the accounts in the Exchequer and the Treasury but the family finances in every house across the country.
People are still paying for the consequences of the last Government not sticking to their fiscal rules and acting irresponsibly.
That is why our fiscal rules are non-negotiable, and we will stick to them.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
We all know the Government had a terrible inheritance from the previous Government, whether it was the incompetence of covid contracts, the mini-Budget or the botched Brexit deal.
But at the same time, last year’s Labour Budget was a Treasury tax grab with no vision for the economy and no regard to the impact on small and medium-sized businesses and key sectors like hospitality and social care.
We Liberal Democrats want to see things getting better in this country for our constituents and for the country.
In the spirit of constructive opposition, I will ask the Minister a number of questions.
When will the Government get serious about growth through a much deeper trading deal with Europe?
Will Ministers look at fairer revenue raisers, such as reversing the Conservatives’ tax cuts for the big banks and raising revenue from tech giants and online gaming and gambling companies?
Will the Prime Minister make a public statement to calm the markets and avoid four months of speculation about what might be in the next Budget?
Will the Government commission an interim Office for Budget Responsibility report now?
Order.
The same strictures apply to the Liberal Democrats—one more sentence.
I am grateful for your guidance, Madam Deputy Speaker.