This time, disabled people paid the price, and the Government have since had to row back.
Does the Government regret placing those restraints on themselves over tax measures when OBR forecasts are published?
The Government are committed to the independence of the OBR.
We will keep setting out future fiscal plans at one fiscal event a year.
Does the Chief Secretary agree that without the fiscal rules we would not have seen four interest rate cuts, which have benefited thousands of constituents across the country?
I agree with my hon.
Friend that we have had four interest rate cuts under this Government which is good for mortgage holders and renters.
Wages have increased faster than costs for the first time in many years, and the Chancellor has been able to invest billions of pounds in our country while keeping markets stable.
That is the consequence of stability in our economy and in our politics and the fact that we are implementing our fiscal rules in the way we said we would.
With all due respect to the Chief Secretary, the Chancellor really should be here to answer this urgent question  because the financial markets are extremely concerned about her wellbeing—the financial markets which, by the way, are asking for a 10-year yield now that is considerably higher than after the Liz Truss Budget.
It is really important that the bond markets, which are aware of the hole in the Government’s finances, know how the Government are going to act, because otherwise we will see further fleeing of the millionaires and the wealth creators and the businesses whose investment we rely on for growth in this country.
I am not entirely sure what the question was, but I think the hon.
Lady is exhibiting that she has learned some lessons from her party’s performance when she was last in government.
Maybe she could share that with her Front-Bench colleagues in due course.
I am amazed that the Conservative party has brought an urgent question on fiscal rules.
The Conservatives had seven sets of fiscal rules in 14 years; I mean, guys—and it is all guys—come on.
The reason why they kept missing debt and deficit targets is because they kept cutting investment, meaning less growth and less tax revenue.
Does the Chief Secretary agree that by investing to grow, we get our debt burden down?
This Government recognise that it was because of cuts, especially to capital investment through the austerity years under the Conservative Government, that we had such poor productivity in our economy.
We are still suffering the consequences of that, which is why, as the Chancellor said at the Budget, we are choosing investment over decline.
A year ago we were promised radical change, but the only radical change appears to be in the Labour party itself, which has decided that if you are poor, old or disabled, it will be you who will bear the brunt of the cuts and on whose backs the books will be balanced.
So were the fiscal rules always predicated on going after the most vulnerable and the weakest and those least able to organise and fight back, instead of taking on the rich, the powerful, the multinationals and the tax avoiders?
As a consequence of the Chancellor’s decisions, we gave Scotland the largest real-terms spending increase since devolution began, and the only radical change that we are now looking for is the Scottish National party to be kicked out of Holyrood next May.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Loughborough (Dr Sandher)  mentioned, there were seven different sets of fiscal rules under the previous Government.
The shadow Chancellor,  the right hon.