As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Loughborough (Dr Sandher)  mentioned, there were seven different sets of fiscal rules under the previous Government.
The shadow Chancellor,  the right hon.
Member for Central Devon (Sir Mel Stride) , has announced that he has reflected on the mistakes made by the Truss Government and I am sure that international investors watching what is happening in the Commons would like to see sensible debate from all parties in the Chamber on the most critical challenge facing our times.
Will the Chief Secretary therefore set out the important ways in which capital investment unlocked under these fiscal rules are allowing for economic growth and development?
Because of the Chancellor’s decision to update the definition of debt—[Interruption.]
We have been able to unlock billions of pounds of investment into houses and schools and hospitals and GP surgeries across the country.
Opposition Members may laugh but, as my hon.
Friend points out, they have no plan to share with anyone at all.
In November last year the Chancellor told the CBI conference that she was
“not coming back with more borrowing or more taxes.”
Will the Minister, as the Chancellor is not in the Chamber, reiterate that promise today, or has the Chancellor mishandled the economy so badly that she is now going to have to add this to the Government’s growing list of U-turns?
The Chancellor was very clear that the last Budget was a once-in-a-generation Budget because it had to deal with the sheer scale of negligence and mess that we had inherited from the party opposite.
I am very grateful now that we are one year into a Labour Government we do not have to keep clearing up their mess year after year.
The Opposition have opposed all the tough decisions this Government have made to raise revenue, from VAT on private schools to the windfall tax.
Has the Chief Secretary heard anything from the shadow Chancellor about how their plans would interact with the fiscal rules, if they plan on having any fiscal rules at all?
I might suggest to my hon.
Friend that the public are grateful not to hear very much from the Conservative party after 14 years of failure, but if Conservatives Members wish to be competitive again, I would encourage them to set out what they might actually do with the country.
Plans to plunder disability benefits and the decision to hike national insurance contributions are examples of policies that disproportionately hit Welsh communities.
Instead, we need fair policies, such as a wealth tax on assets over £10 million, an end to Government subsidies for oil and gas giants, and a clampdown on tax evasion.
When will the Government’s fiscal rules enshrine fairness, where the ultra-wealthy and large corporations pay their fair share?
The right hon.
Lady seems to have missed the fact that this Government have changed the non-dom tax status, which had been used by some of the wealthiest people in our country for many years; we have introduced VAT on private schools; and it is now much more expensive to fly in a private jet than it was under the former Conservative Prime Minister.
As a consequence of the decisions that the Chancellor took at the Budget last year, we have given the largest real-terms increase in spending to Wales since devolution began, and as a consequence of our reforms to the Bill that we will be discussing on Wednesday, we have increased the base rate of universal credit for the first time in many years.
It is extraordinary that the Tories have recovered so quickly from their economic mismanagement that they feel able to stop apologising, and even to offer advice—if only the economic wellbeing of my constituents had recovered as quickly.