Friend for welcoming the trade deals that this Government have entered into with the United States, India and the European Union, with whom we got a great deal, especially on food and drink imports and exports, which will result in lower prices on the shelves of our supermarkets across the country.
As my hon.
Friend knows, we have committed to an annual summit with our counterparts in the  European Union, and I am sure that my ministerial colleagues will set out further detail on those negotiations in due course.
George is the fifth-generation owner of Knight’s fish and chip shop in Glastonbury.
It is a much-loved business in the town, but it is under severe pressure after the NICs increases and business rates and some of the decisions made by Ministers on our economy.
Hiking national insurance hurts our small businesses and economic growth.
So will the Minister back small businesses by overhauling business rates and scrapping the NICs hike?
The hon.
Lady will know that when the changes in national insurances contributions for employers were implemented, the scheme was designed so as to protect smaller businesses, in relation to bigger business.
She points to our fish and chip shops, which are often beloved in all our communities.
I know from fish and chip shops in my own constituency that the price of fish, for example, has gone from about £100 to £300 a box.
The price of oil has gone up following the Russian invasion of Ukraine, and even the price of potatoes has gone up, often because those products are imported from the European Union into the UK.
That is why our trade deal on food and drink with the EU as well as our investment into cheaper renewable energy will make a big difference to fish and chip shops such as the one that the hon.
Lady mentioned.
It is always amusing to hear the shadow Chancellor, who presided over a crisis in the welfare system, complain about this Government’s actions to restore fiscal stability.
It is like listening to an arsonist complaining about the fire brigade.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree it is difficult to take the Conservatives seriously when they will not tell us what their plans are or even whether they support the spending laid out in the spending review?
My hon.
Friend is right.
If any party on the Opposition Benches wants to be competitive in the next election, it needs to set out what it proposes to do with the country and how it will pay for it.
Time and again, whether it is the Conservative party, Reform UK, the Green party or any other party, it is all promises of jam tomorrow, with no idea about how to pay for it.
The public have been burned by that already because of the last Government, and they will not be burned by it again.
Has the Chief Secretary seen the much longer-term forecasts by the OBR for the growth in public spending and the growth in debt rising to more than 250% of GDP in decades to come and the debt interest rising to 12% of GDP?
Now that there is a gaping hole in the Government’s financial plans because of the votes last week and the U-turns on welfare reform, why does he think that he can play for time, instead of acting to give the markets confidence before they lose confidence?
The Treasury obviously monitors all OBR forecasts and considers them in detail.
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, it is right and proper that the Treasury looks at OBR forecasts in an orderly way when it  produces its forecast in line with the fiscal forecast.
That is how we bring stability back to the public finances, and that is what we will be doing.