Given the ambitious nature of these proposals, it is essential that we fully understand their impact on all affected groups before making any final decisions.
In the meantime, the current rules for settlement under the BNO route will continue to apply.
Will the Minister clear up, once and for all, the further confusion over the proposed changes to the settlement period from five to 10 years?
Will she clarify for the BNO visa holders living in my constituency whether the changes will be applied retrospectively or only prospectively, and will she confirm that those who are already building their lives in the UK and working in important sectors in my constituency will not see their pathway to settlement unfairly changed mid-journey?
The BNO route reflects the UK’s historic and moral commitment to the people of Hong Kong who chose to retain their ties to the UK by taking up BNO status.
As I have outlined, we will have a consultation.
We will ensure that BNO visa holders have the opportunity to share their views during that consultation, and we will listen to those views very closely.
What recent progress her Department has made on improving neighbourhood policing in Leigh and Atherton constituency.
The Government are introducing a neighbourhood policing guarantee, which means that all communities will have named and contactable officers from the end of this month, and we are expanding neighbourhood policing, including by delivering 176 new neighbourhood officers this year for the Greater Manchester police force, which covers the Leigh and Atherton constituency.
As a proud Co-op Member, I commend the long-standing campaign for better protections for retail workers.
USDAW’s National Retail Workers’ Day, which took place this weekend, highlights the essential role that retail plays in all our communities.
Will the Minister join me in thanking retail workers in Leigh and Atherton and across the UK?
Will she commit to strong, visible neighbourhood policing in our towns, which is crucial to protecting them from abuse, to ensure that workers can work safely on the frontline?
I will certainly join my hon.
Friend in thanking shop workers in her constituency and right across the country, who were often on the frontline during the covid pandemic.
Sadly, during that period  and since then, they have seen a disgraceful increase in assaults and abuse.
We cannot stand for that, which is why we are not only introducing stronger neighbourhood policing—particularly in town centres—but bringing in the new law on assaults against shop workers as part of the Crime and Policing Bill.
What a shame the Conservative party voted against it.
Whether she has had discussions with the Scottish Government on the national inquiry into grooming gangs.
As the hon.
Member will be aware, child protection and policing are devolved to the Scottish Government.
We regularly engage with them on a range of issues, including the national inquiry into group-based child sexual exploitation and abuse that was announced by the Government.
On  26 June , officials met to discuss the Government’s approach to the national inquiry, its remit and the expectation that relevant findings and lessons learned will be shared with the devolved Administrations, and we will continue to discuss this matter with our Scottish counterparts to ensure a comprehensive UK-wide response.
Senior Scottish advocate Sandra Brown has said that grooming gangs could be operating in every town and city in Scotland.
This scandal affects the whole of the United Kingdom, so when will the Government extend the grooming gangs inquiry to Scotland?
Surely all victims across all parts of the United Kingdom deserve justice.
Of course.
I agree with the hon.
Gentleman, but he should take up that issue with the Scottish Government, as it is devolved.
As I have said, we will make sure that all learning is passed on to the devolved Administrations.
I call the shadow Minister.
The comments from my hon.