I am grateful to North Yorkshire police for all their hard work, and for the recent funding uplift for the national rural crime unit, but does the Minister agree with me on the importance of implementing the Equipment Theft (Prevention) Act 2023 and, more broadly, ensuring that rural areas get the attention they deserve?
It was a pleasure to meet the right hon.
Gentleman’s constituents; I think that was way back in February—it was a very cold day in North Yorkshire.
I fully recognise what he says about the mental health and wellbeing impact of some of the crime challenges facing rural communities.
That is why the neighbourhood policing guarantee is so important for areas like the one that he represents.
As I have said a number of times in this House, we support the implementation of the Equipment Theft (Prevention) Act, and we plan to bring forward regulations shortly.
What discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on the potential impact of the proposed increase to the standard qualifying period for settlement on NHS staffing levels.
This Government recognise and value the contribution that NHS staff make to our country.
That is why, under the settlement proposals in the immigration White Paper, we have made it clear that individuals will be able to reduce the standard 10-year period based on their contributions to the UK’s economy and society.
We will consult on detailed proposals later this year.
These are important changes: we recognise how important this matter is, and we will listen to what people tell us in that consultation.
An impact assessment will be developed alongside any finalised policy.
I have been contacted by constituents working in health and social care in Truro and Falmouth who are concerned about the proposed changes to the standard qualifying period.
Dr Mohamed Abdelazim works as a doctor at the Royal Cornwall hospitals NHS trust and has not quite completed the five-year eligibility period.
He says the policy will directly and severely impact him and hundreds of other frontline workers and that 10 years is a very long time to live on a visa without the security that citizenship would provide.
Will the proposed increase in the eligibility period to 10 years impact my constituents retrospectively, and might they be able to reduce that period based on the contributions that the Minister mentioned?
I understand the concerns raised by my hon.
Friend’s constituents about the impact of the proposals.
They are important changes, which is why we will consult on the proposals and lay out more details later in the year, including on any transitional arrangements.
We understand the importance of clarity and fairness for those already contributing to public services, and we will provide further details in due course.
The Minister talks about concerns raised by the constituents of  the hon.
Member for Truro and Falmouth (Jayne Kirkham) .
They are concerns created by this Government not valuing people from different parts of the world who serve in our national health service and social care system in Cumbria and elsewhere.
Will the Minister be much clearer that this proposal will not be retrospective for people who underpin our health service in Cumbria and across the country?
Will she be mindful of the impact on our health service if she goes ahead with a decision—which, at the moment, it looks like the Government are going to—that will hugely undermine the flow of workers who come here to support us and keep us all well?
May I gently disagree with the hon.
Gentleman?
We do recognise the vital contribution of overseas NHS workers, and we have not yet defined what contributions will reduce the period for settlement, but the proposed changes are subject to consultation.
In addition, we are committed to ensuring that the NHS remains supported, while reducing long-term reliance on migration.