I welcome the 12 additional officers in her constituency, the 100 additional neighbourhood police officers across  West Yorkshire and, of course, the additional police officers in Pontefract and Castleford town centres.
We have made it clear to police forces across the country that the focus this summer needs to be on tackling town centre crime.
I associate myself with the Home Secretary’s remarks about the terrorist atrocities perpetrated on 7/7.
The 52 victims and their families of course remain in our prayers.
The whole House will want to send thanks to the emergency services for what they did on that day and what they do every day.
It is now clear that the Home Secretary has lost control of our borders.
So far, 2025 has been the worst year in history when it comes to illegal immigrants crossing the channel.
Her claim to be smashing the gangs is clearly laughable.
The French are having almost no effect, despite spending hundreds of millions of pounds, and the press report that not much will change in the negotiations this week.
Returns of small boat arrivals are down, representing only 5% of overall arrivals, so will—
Order.
This is topical questions.
You have to help me get the Back Benchers in, but you are not at the moment.
I am sure you are coming to an end now.
I am, Mr Speaker.
Will the Home Secretary finally admit that the only way to fix this situation is for there to be a removals deterrent whereby every single illegal immigrant is immediately removed?
The shadow Home Secretary seems to have forgotten that in the short period for which he was immigration Minister, net migration near-trebled and the number of small boats went up tenfold.
Not only that, but the funding for France that he has referred to was agreed by his Government when he was at the Home Office.
If he really wanted to see serious action against small boats, why did he vote against counter-terror powers for smuggler gangs, against clamping down on illegal working in the gig economy, and against stronger action to stop those dangerous crossings?
The Home Secretary talks about stopping those dangerous crossings, but there have been record numbers on her watch as Home Secretary.
Is the Home Secretary aware of the so-called “Police Anti-Racism Commitment”, which is itself flagrantly racist?
It says that the racial equity commitment means
“not…treating everyone ‘the same’ or being ‘colour blind’”.
It says that the police should treat people differently in order to artificially engineer equality of policing outcomes.
Does she agree that that is itself flagrantly racist?
The police should treat everyone the same.
Will she call on the National Police Chiefs’ Council to cancel the commitment?
If it will not, will she legislate to give herself the powers?
As the shadow Home Secretary knows, the police’s oath makes it clear that they have to police without fear or favour, and that is what they do right across the country.
It is a shame that he will not support the police in the difficult job that they do, just as the Conservatives voted against cracking down on off-road bikes, against new spiking and stalking laws, and against respect orders.
They are against supporting our police.
I echo the Home Secretary’s remarks about the 7/7 attacks.
Alcaline Transport in my constituency was fined £10,000 after it reported that a clandestine migrant was found in one of its vehicles.
When will improvements to the clandestine entrant civil penalty scheme be fully implemented, so that hauliers who report issues responsibly are supported, not penalised?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this issue.
While the clandestine entrant penalty scheme has to be rigorously enforced in order to be effective, it also provides a very fair process of appeal for hauliers against penalties that are not justified by the facts of a case.
I am sure that my hon.