Order.
The same strictures apply to the Liberal Democrats—one more sentence.
I am grateful for your guidance, Madam Deputy Speaker.
Can the Government confirm that they will not raid capital budgets to fix crumbling hospitals and to pay for day-to-day spending, and will the Minister confirm the date for the autumn Budget?
The hon.
Lady encourages me to act above my pay grade.
The Chancellor will set out the date for the autumn Budget in due course.
The hon.
Lady invited me to explain to the House what our strategy was at the Budget—it was about investing in the renewal of Britain.
That is why the Chancellor’s decision to update the fiscal rules to allow billions of pounds of investment in our capital infrastructure across the country, including into schools and hospitals, was the reason that the Budget was set out as it was.
She also asked me about trade deals.
I politely point to the three trade deals that the Government have already agreed with the European Union, India and the United States of America, saving thousands of jobs across the UK and generating growth in the years ahead.
Does the Chief Secretary to the Treasury agree that it is because of these fiscal rules that this Government have been able to establish firm foundations for future growth?
Will he explain to the House how the Budget stability rule supports the Government with confidence of investors and businesses?
My hon.
Friend knows from her work on the Treasury Committee that the fiscal rules are important because they prove that the Government are in control of the public finances.
We saw what happened when the last Government lost control: the cost of Government borrowing went through the roof, and that takes money out of budgets before they even get to public services like the national health service.
That is why this Government are committed to our fiscal rules and will ensure that they are being implemented.
The Chief Secretary will be aware from his previous role as Chair of the Business and Trade Committee that one of the things that those who create wealth and invest in our economy need is certainty.
Before the next Budget, will he ensure that he consults with business leaders and that a proper impact assessment of whichever taxes he will increase is done so we can minimise the damage being done to the productive capacity of the UK economy?
The Treasury engages with business leaders and investors all the time, and the one thing they tell me is that they are grateful this Government have brought back long-term, multi-year budgets, that we have the fiscal rules in place, and that we are reforming things like the planning system to make it easier to do business in this country.
As a consequence, business confidence is increasing under this Government, having dropped enormously under the right hon.
Member’s Government.
My constituency faces a housing crisis, and inflation and out-of-control borrowing costs make it much more expensive to build social housing, and those costs are passed on to tenants.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that that is precisely why the fiscal rules are critical?
The fiscal rules are important because when we control the nation’s finances, we bring stability to family finances.
We have all experienced the consequences of previous Governments losing control, and our mortgage rates and rents have gone through the roof.
This Labour Government will never let that happen again.
The Government committed to one fiscal event a year in the name of economic stability, but by having an OBR forecast and these constraints, they had only one lever to pull: spending cuts.
This time, disabled people paid the price, and the Government have since had to row back.
Does the Government regret placing those restraints on themselves over tax measures when OBR forecasts are published?
The Government are committed to the independence of the OBR.