What steps her Department is taking to help ensure that councils are financially stable.
What steps her Department is taking to ensure that councils in areas with higher levels of deprivation receive adequate funding.
The Government have delivered a settlement that begins to fix the foundations and makes available over £69 billion in 2025-26.
In 2026-27, an improved approach will direct funding where it is needed most and provide certainty through the first multi-year settlement in over a decade.
Leicestershire, alongside other authorities, has been campaigning for fair funding in recent years, following 14 years of poor funding settlements by the last Government, meaning cuts to vital services.
A lack of fair funding also means that schools in North West Leicestershire have some of the lowest levels of funding per student in the country.
How will the Minister approach a fair funding settlement that considers the unique challenges faced by rural communities?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her work in championing those issues.
We are fundamentally reforming how we assess councils’ relative needs and resources, to ensure that funding is distributed to where it is needed most.
That includes accounting for councils’ ability to raise resources locally, which the previous Government promised to do but ultimately failed to do in balancing the numbers.
Targeting funding in that way will enable councils that have had to scale back services the most to be able to catch up and to ensure that everybody, across the whole of England, is able to access decent public services.
Despite an increase in council tax of 27% since 2022, £136 million in exceptional financial support this year and brutal cuts to services, Croydon council’s finances remain broken.
As an outer-London borough with inner-London problems, Croydon has historically not received the funding it needs to cover the costs for demand-led services like temporary accommodation, so even if Croydon’s debt was wiped out, it would still need exceptional financial support.
Will the Minister outline how councils like Croydon will get the resources they need to meet the complex challenges they face and provide the frontline services that our communities deserve?
The questions that have been raised demonstrate why the fair funding review is needed, and why it has to take into account all the different factors that have an impact on whether councils can provide good public services or not.
I appreciate, understand and accept that pressures that were previously felt in inner London are now felt in outer London, and in rural areas too.
My hon.
Friend will know that in February we provided £136 million in EFS support for Croydon council, and we will continue to work with it.
We have met and talked about the issues a number of times, and I know that she understands that those are not small problems to deal with.
The statutory override to special educational needs and disabilities deficit comes to an end in just 10 months.
Without a plan from the Government for the end of the statutory override, more than half of all local education authorities face effective bankruptcy.
The need for a resolution to the issue is now long overdue.
When does the Minister expect to be able to give local authorities the certainty they need?
We are laying the groundwork now, ahead of the provisional settlement, which will be the first multi-year settlement in over a decade and will deal with a lot of the structural issues.
If it is any help, the Government understand and accept that it is not right or acceptable for councils that have done everything that has been asked of them and provided good public services, particularly for young people, to find themselves at the financial cliff edge as a result.
We have an absolute commitment to work through those issues.
Pockets of deprivation in many rural communities, like my South West Norfolk constituency, are often masked by more affluent surroundings.