People have lived in Earsdon View in my constituency for more than 15 years, but the estate remains unadopted due to an ongoing issue between the landowner, Northumberland Estates, and the developer, Bellway, involving the securing of sewer adoption.
I continue  to press all parties to resolve the problem, but how can we ensure that people are not left in this situation for decades, often paying management fees on top of council tax, and that developers deliver?
My hon.
Friend has been a doughty champion of leaseholders and residential freeholders in her constituency.
We must start to provide the consumer protections that are already on the statute book, but as I have made clear, we are determined to end the injustice of fleecehold entirely, and will consult later this year on legislative and policy options to reduce the prevalence of private estate management arrangements.
I broadly support unitarisation on a strategic scale, but I am concerned about how historic debts will be treated in Surrey, especially those of Woking and Spelthorne councils.
How will those debts be handled as our councils come together, and will the Minister assure my constituents in Virginia Water and Englefield Green, in the well-run borough of Runnymede, that they will not foot the bill for this as part of the reorganisation?
That is one of the reasons why the Surrey arrangement was accelerated.
We recognised the lack of balance between the debt liability and the assets and incomes.
We also recognised that the unitaries would have to be financially viable, and we are well on track to delivering that, in partnership with the local councils.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
I welcome the enhanced protections for tenants in the Renters’ Rights Bill, but data from The Londoner shows that for London tenants, there is only one enforcement officer per 7,500 private rented homes.
Given the new enforcement burdens that the Bill places on councils, will the Minister please ensure that they have the resources to protect private tenants?
My hon.
Friend will know that in the Bill we have taken a “polluter pays” approach.
Local authorities will be able to levy fines on landlords to raise revenue, but—my hon.
Friend can check the transcript on this point—we did commit ourselves to “new burdens” funding as appropriate.
Given the environmental importance and scarcity of chalk streams, may I urge the Deputy Prime Minister and her team to support amendments to this afternoon’s legislation that would protect those streams?
They are vital, and they need as much protection as we can give them.
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, chalk streams already have protections in national planning policy, but I am sure that we will continue this discussion on Report of the Planning and Infrastructure Bill later today.
Will the Minister meet me and residents of Beech and Willow Rise in Kirby, where a combination of failed leasehold law, previous corporate entities and inadequate regulation risks leaving residents facing unaffordable costs and eviction?
I am always happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
I know she has had constructive conversations with the Minister with responsibility for building safety, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Nottingham North and Kimberley (Alex Norris) , but I am happy to meet her.
Three hundred social homes are at risk in my Chichester constituency, despite having outline planning permission, because developers are rejecting offers from registered providers.
Will the Minister commit to action to stop developers evading their obligation, and will he meet me to help me protect the delivery of these social homes?
We recognise the challenges around uncontracted section 106 units.
A complex array of factors has led us to this point, but we are giving serious consideration to how we unblock the problem, and how we get those section 106 homes allocated and people living in them.