We will set out details of further investment in the forthcoming spending review.
In Kendal on Friday afternoon, I came across a constituent in a Home Housing property who had been the victim of a house fire several months ago.
Although they were still living in the property, it had not been fully restored or fixed.
I am on the matter personally and dealing with the casework issues; if I share the details of this case with the Minister, will he take a personal interest in it, and does he agree that it is outrageous for someone to have to live in a fire-damaged property for five months without it being properly restored?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising that case.
It does sound outrageous; if he writes to me, I will certainly look into the matter further.
What steps she is taking to support high streets.
What steps she is taking to support high streets.
What steps she is taking to support high streets.
The Government are committed to rejuvenating high streets by empowering local communities.
Through the £1.5 billion plan for neighbourhoods, we are providing flexible funding to support our most challenged communities.
We are also tackling vacancy with high street rental auctions and legislating for a new community right to buy to support community ownership.
Heswall in my Wirral West constituency is a brilliant place to live and deserves a thriving high street, but unfortunately for too many years now beloved shops have closed and decline has felt inevitable.
The people of Heswall deserve better.
I appreciate the Minister’s answer, but will he go further in explaining exactly how my constituents can take back control of their high street, so that it can thrive once again and deliver growth and opportunities for them?
This Government understand the unique challenges that Heswall faces, including as a coastal community.
That is why we are driving power and funding out of Westminster to ensure that no community is left behind.
Just last week my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor announced £1.6 billion in funding for the Liverpool city region, including £100 million to upgrade the bus network, which is vital for connectivity to my hon.
Friend’s community.
I understand that those upgrades will begin in the Wirral next year, and I encourage Wirral council, as I do all local authorities, to take advantage of the new powers the Government have introduced to reoccupy the empty shops that are such a blight on our high streets.
I was elected to this place on the back of a pledge to revitalise the towns in my constituency.
With the high street in St Austell in a sorry state, I am delighted to have been able to take the first steps towards revitalising it by ending the impasse at the site of the now derelict General Wolfe pub and moving my constituency office back into town at the other end of the street.
However, the fact remains that the high street is on its knees, and many residents feel that our once great town could do much better.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that significant resources are available, beyond just the plan for neighbourhoods, to revitalise towns in constituencies like mine?
I can say to my hon.
Friend’s constituents that he is making good on that election commitment, because we have had this conversation on multiple occasions.
Like all future funding, the Government will set out their long-term vision for local growth at the multi-year spending review; but in this year, the recently communicated UK shared prosperity fund announcement included more than £47 million for Cornwall and the Isles of Scilly—a mixture of revenue and capital funding to ensure that places can get going and kick-start economic growth locally, bringing towns such as his into play.
In my Sherwood Forest constituency, high streets are the beating heart of towns such as Ollerton and Hucknall.