Member for East Renfrewshire (Blair McDougall)  today; I spoke before him at the rally to which he refers.
Those of us who have been sanctioned—I know that you, Madam Deputy Speaker, are among our number—are particularly conscious of the effect that the Chinese state has on our country.
Do you, Madam Deputy Speaker, honestly believe that the Minister thinks that the Chinese would look at this proposal in the same way?
Do we in this House honestly believe that something threatening our economic security, as highlighted by the Americans and the Dutch, should go through a bureaucratic planning process, with no ability to vary it, because, frankly, them’s the orders?
I do not think that is the way China would do it, and it is certainly not the way we should do it.
It is a very clever question, but it is the Minister who is responding.
The right hon.
Gentleman’s views on China are well known, and he knows my views on China, too—we have discussed the matter in the past.
He raises two distinct issues.
On sanctioned parliamentarians, let me take this opportunity to make it clear that the sanctions are completely unwarranted and unacceptable, and this issue will remain a priority under this Government.
The Foreign Secretary and the Chancellor have raised their case at every meeting with their counterparts, including with President Xi at the G20 in November and Foreign Minister Wang Yi in February.
The right hon.
Gentleman tempts me to comment on the Chinese planning system.
I am very glad that we have a different and more robust system than the People’s Republic of China.
I appreciate that the Minister cannot comment on individual planning applications from the Dispatch Box,  but when I speak to Hongkongers in my constituency, they are seriously concerned about the risks that come with transnational repression and that might come along with the creation and construction of this embassy.
When I was speaking with Hongkongers in my constituency last week, on the 36th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square massacre—something that can be commemorated in Leeds, but not in Hong Kong—they were seriously concerned that those with £100,000 bounties on their heads might be more at risk now because of the construction of this embassy.
I appreciate that the Minister’s portfolio does not necessarily cover this, but what assurances can he give on behalf of the Government that if such an embassy is built, we will do everything in our power to protect those from Hong Kong who have made the UK their home?
I hope hon.
Members will appreciate why I will not comment on hypotheticals, again, on a decision that has not been made on a case that is not before the Department.
I have made it very clear that we stand with the Hong Kong community.
The Minister with responsibility for Asia and the Indo-Pacific, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hornsey and Friern Barnet (Catherine West) , met members of the Hong Kong community in this country, along with my hon.
Friend the Security Minister.
We will stand by them.
The Prime Minister, the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the Foreign Secretary have all had recent, high-level interactions with Ministers of the Chinese Communist party—the Chinese Government.
Has the Chinese embassy been brought up in any of the meetings with those Ministers, and have those Ministers in any way corresponded with the Minister’s Department on the Chinese embassy application?
It would not be appropriate for me to comment on the details of any talks—
I was not asking for details.
The right hon.
Gentleman is asking for details, and it would not be appropriate for me to comment.