It would not be appropriate for me to comment on the details of any talks—
I was not asking for details.
The right hon.
Gentleman is asking for details, and it would not be appropriate for me to comment.
On the particular issue of whether representations have been made, as I made clear in answering the initial question, the Home and Foreign Secretaries made a joint representation to the Planning Inspectorate ahead of the start of the inquiry, and that will be taken into account alongside all other relevant matters.
From a response to a freedom of information request, which I have with me, we now know that just two protests at the Royal Mint Court site in February and March this year required the deployment of nearly 600 officers in total, including 101 in February and 485 in March.
The FOI request reveals that the cost of policing these two protests alone amounted to £345,000.
This is a staggering use of resources for a site that is not yet operational, and it reflects the serious concerns among the Hongkonger, Tibetan and Uyghur diasporas in the UK.
These are communities that fear that the embassy will become a hub for transnational repression.
What assessment have Ministers made of the cost implications of this proposed development on policing, and will they commit today to rejecting this super-embassy?
I am not going to commit to rejecting an application that has not yet come to the Department and, as I keep saying, where a decision has not been made.
I have made it clear that we understand the concerns of members of the Hong Kong community and others about the potential—I make clear that it is a potential—approval of this application.
When it comes to police resourcing, all I can repeat is that only material planning considerations can be taken into account in determining the case.
I think we can all agree that we would like a decision to be made in this case that does not encourage the Chinese Government to think that we are a soft touch.
Let us try another tack.
National security is going to be taken into account as part of this planning decision.
I ask the Minister this hypothetical question: if there is only a 1% chance that the granting of this planning application causes some detriment to our national security, would it not be better to take a risk management approach and put the embassy somewhere else?
The hon.
Gentleman invites me, again, to consider a planning decision that has not been made, on a case that is not yet before the Department.
I am clearly not going to set out from this Dispatch Box the decision-making process that planning Ministers in my Department might take to the application once it is submitted.
Given the serious concerns about national security, can the Minister confirm that his Department has consulted on this issue with UK and allied intelligent agencies, including those of the USA?
Can he say whether a full national security review will be conducted before any planning decision is taken?
As I have made clear, it would not be appropriate for me to comment on any specific national security issue.
What I have been at pains to make clear is that the inspector’s report, which will come before Ministers in my Department at the point when the case comes to us, will include a wide variety of material planning matters, and in this case they are likely to include safety and national security matters.
Further to the question from  the hon.
Member for Rushcliffe (James Naish) , the Home Affairs Committee has written to the Metropolitan police asking for details of any concerns it may have about the policing of this site and any particular disorder that might occur around it.
I once again put it to the Minister that he must take account of these concerns.