The people of Hamilton, Larkhall and Stonehouse have chosen well.
I can assure the hon.
Lady, her constituents and the House that I do not think a week has gone by without her pushing me on Kirkcaldy town centre.
She knows that I cannot run ahead of any multi-year spending review that may be upon us soon, but the point she made, and always makes to me, is a good one.
I of course associate myself with her comments about Davy.
rose—
Order.
I will just say that supplementary questions should aim to relate to the original question.
This is about funding in Scotland, so I am sure that the hon.
Gentleman’s question will be purely about that.
The Minister is right to point out the need for regeneration for towns in Scotland.
Last week, the Government agreed in this Chamber to funding for England and Wales.
That leaves only one part of the United Kingdom left out: Northern Ireland. [
Laughter.]
What will be done to ensure that Northern Ireland gets the same as the other three Administrations?
Just answer the Scotland bit please, Minister.
The hon.
Gentleman knows that I talk with my counterparts in all the devolved Governments, including Scotland and Northern Ireland, and I will continue to do so.
The shared prosperity fund is a sign of our commitment in that direction.
We will, I am sure, see future plans shortly.
Whether her Department is taking steps with independent training colleges to train construction sector specialist apprentices to support house building targets.
The Government recognise the need to expand and upskill the construction workforce to meet our ambitious plan-for-change milestone of delivering 1.5 million safe and decent homes in this Parliament.
We are working closely with industry to provide high-quality house building training opportunities, and we welcome the £140 million industry investment late last year in 32 pioneering new home building skills hubs, which will create up to 5,000 more construction apprenticeships per year.
The construction skills village in Scarborough is an innovative real-world training environment for the specialist trades that we desperately need to build homes.
Does the Minister acknowledge the importance of independent training providers in our plans to build 1.5 million new homes, and will he meet me to discuss how we can ensure that ITPs, which deliver the specialist skills that the construction industry is asking for, are included in our plans to train 60,000 new construction workers?
The Government are investing significant amounts of money to train more construction workers.
We appreciate fully the importance of independent training providers in training the workforce needed to deliver more homes across England.
I suggest that my hon.
Friend and I find time to meet Baroness Smith from the Department for Education to discuss matters relating to ITPs, including the CSV in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
I welcome the Minister’s commitment to supporting skills training in the construction sector.
Does he agree that skills training needs to be particularly focused on the sustainable skills, and will he join me in congratulating the low-carbon technology training centre in my constituency, as well as the new university in Hereford—its first cohort of engineers graduated just last month?
Does he welcome such initiatives, and will the Government put more funding into supporting the construction and engineering skills that our building sector will need?
I hope that the hon.
Lady recognises that we are putting significant amounts of investment into construction skills.
In the spring statement, the Government announced a £600 million investment that will recruit an additional 60,000 construction workers by 2029.
I am more than happy to recognise the contributions made by initiatives of the sort that she mentions in her constituency.
We absolutely need skills across the built environment to meet our targets.
If she will take steps through the spending review to increase social housing supply.
What steps she is taking to build more social and affordable homes.