It is for councils to develop robust, financially sustainable proposals that are in the best interests of their whole area.
The rushed local government reorganisation means that Waverley borough in my area will be forced to join other authorities that are debt-ridden, such as Woking.
What will the Secretary of State do to ensure that residents in my area do not pay a financial price for the woes of other authorities?
As set out in the invitation letters, and as with previous restructures, there is no proposal for council debt to be addressed centrally or written off as part of reorganisation, but the Government accept that Woking and Thurrock councils hold significant unsupported debt that cannot be managed locally in its entirety.
We have committed to providing an initial amount of debt repayment support for these councils in 2026-27 ahead of the reorganisation.
This is unprecedented Government support.
I have been contacted by constituents who are concerned by media comments over the last week that suggest that the Planning and Infrastructure Bill may render sites of special scientific interest protections meaningless.
Will the Secretary of State clarify the Bill’s position on this and outline what protections there will be for SSSIs like Lodge hill in my constituency with its important nightingale population?
I am sure that those on the Conservative Benches have an interest in areas of natural beauty as well, and I am sure that the Minister for Housing and Planning will address this point when we discuss the Planning and Infrastructure Bill later today.
We take natural beauty and history seriously, and we think that the Bill will be able to do nature recovery and enable us to build the houses that we desperately need.
Order.
I remind Members to look at the question on the Order Paper and make sure that their supplementary question is related to it.
What steps she plans to take to reform the leasehold system.
What steps she plans to take to reform the leasehold system.
What steps she plans to take to reform the leasehold system.
The Government continue to progress the implementation of the reforms to the leasehold system that are already in statute, while at the same time undertaking the work required to bring forward the wider set of reforms necessary to end the feudal leasehold system for good.
We remain on track to deliver our ambitious leasehold and commonhold reform agenda, as set out in the written ministerial statement that I made on  21 November  last year.
I thank the Minister for his positive engagement with me on the issue of a safe crossing at roads on the Wynyard and Queensgate estates in my constituency, but can I also bring to his attention the issue of service charges at the Willow Sage Court estate?
Does he agree that our leasehold reforms must ensure fair service charges?
I can send him further information about this case if he wishes.
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that point, and I would like further information on that case.
The Government recognise the considerable financial strain that rising service charges place on leaseholders and tenants.
Overcharging through service charges is completely unacceptable.
We intend to consult in the very near future on the measures in the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Act 2024 designed to drive up the transparency of service charges to make them more easily challengeable if leaseholders consider them to be unreasonable.
I congratulate the Government on the bold action they are taking to end the feudal leasehold system for good, which will ensure that future flat owners will never again be treated as second-class homeowners.
But as the Minister is well aware, there are millions of existing leaseholders, including thousands in my constituency of Hendon.