Given that the Department was five weeks late in providing feedback to the local authorities, will the Minister commit to extending the deadline to ensure that those local authorities have the time that they need to build up those plans?
In all areas, there is more than adequate time to prepare final proposals.
Councils in the devolution priority programme have until September, and all others—the majority—have until November.
That is more than adequate time for councils to be able to marshal and get their plans together and make an assessment on that basis.
It has been reported that the Birmingham bin strikes may last until December.
How can this Government claim to support workers when they refuse to fund Birmingham city council properly?
This dispute boils down to cash, yet the Government are failing Birmingham’s bin workers,  residents and businesses.
The Government backed our steelworkers.
Will they back the bin workers with extra funding?
I hear what the hon.
Gentleman says.
On the calls that we have with MPs when we update them on these issues, his tone is quite different.
We need to separate the rhetoric from the reality.
The reality is that for the first time we had £600 million in the recovery grant, which was about those councils suffering high deprivation and historically low tax bases.
Birmingham was the biggest beneficiary of that, receiving nearly £40 million.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Minister knows from his time at the Local Government Association of the impact that asylum has on the budgets of local authorities.
With the Home Office’s much-vaunted increase in the grant rate for asylum claims, the Government are pushing thousands of households on to council waiting lists and shunting millions in costs on to council tax payers.
What additional funding and measures does he aim to secure to help to mitigate those costs, which are affecting so many of our local authorities?
Quite frankly, it is a bit rich for any shadow Minister to critique the current system when the Conservatives deliberately designed it in their 14 years in government.
The question is how we go about repairing it.
One thing must absolutely be put right; the disjointed system in which different Government Departments work in silos cannot carry on.
One of the successes of the leaders’ council is that for, the first time ever, local government leaders are around the table with the Government, including in a meeting with the Home Office and our Department, to work through exactly those issues.
That is the change: for the first time, those in local government are being treated as adults.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
As the Planning and Infrastructure Bill enters its remaining stages in the Commons, I thank my hon.
Friend the Housing Minister and Members across the House for their continued work on this important piece of legislation that will get Britain building again.
This weekend marks the eighth anniversary of the Grenfell tower fire.
I know that I speak for all Members of this House when I say that the 72 men, women and children who lost their lives at Grenfell will never be forgotten.
We have accepted the inquiry’s findings, and will take action on all 58 recommendations to build a more robust and trusted regulatory system that will deliver safe, quality homes for everyone.
Many of my constituents are concerned that too often new estates go up without the necessary infrastructure, whether that is schools, GP surgeries or  even playgrounds.
Does the Secretary of State agree that it is vital to address that issue, and can she elaborate on how we will do so after too many years of inaction?
I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend.
The Government are committed to strengthening the system of developer contributions to ensure that new developments provide the necessary infrastructure that communities expect.
We will set out further details in due course.