I understand that the Minister cannot comment on the specifics, but does he at least agree with the principle that if there is a risk that a nation state will act nefariously against the British state’s interests, the British Government should not reward that state?
As I have been at pains to make clear, the Government will always protect our national security and keep this country safe.
There is a distinct issue from the planning application and the questions about process that have been put to me.
On that basis, I cannot comment, as the hon.
Gentleman has acknowledged, on a decision that has not been made, and on a case that is not with the Department.
My constituency is home to a growing number of people from Hong Kong who have been forced to flee their homeland as a result of actions by China.
I appreciate what the Minister says about this being a quasi-legal matter, and the fact that a Foreign Office Minister is sat next to him speaks volumes about how this is not just a planning issue.
Does he agree that this country owes a debt to Hongkongers, whom we need to protect from the Chinese interference that they consider this super-embassy would enable?
I do recognise that point.
As I have made clear, the Government will stand with and support members of the Hong Kong community.
As I said—I do not know whether the hon.
Gentleman was in the Chamber for this—the Under-Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hornsey and Friern Barnet (Catherine West) , and the Minister for Security met members of the Hong Kong community only recently.
We will continue to stand with them.
The Minister has made it clear that he will not comment on the specifics of the case, and I will not ask him to, but can he offer a view in principle on why we would ever offer a foreign state with known cyber-espionage capabilities that it deploys regularly easier access to critical cyber-infrastructure?
Again, the hon.
Gentleman is making assumptions that I do not recognise, and thereby tempting me to comment on the case.
I am not going to make blanket, in-principle statements, given the quasi-judicial nature and involvement of planning Ministers in the process.
Lee Anderson, are you bobbing or not bobbing?
indicated dissent.
Marvellous.
I call Jim Shannon.
Thank you very much, Madam Deputy Speaker—I am somewhat thrown off there.
I thank the Minister for his answers.
He will be aware of concerns that Chinese-born residents in my constituency and across Northern Ireland have about the reach, and indeed the overreach, of the Chinese Government in the  United Kingdom.
I can well understand US concerns and, with all due respect—he knows I always ask my questions with respect—does the Minister truly believe that this massive embassy will alleviate the concerns of those who know best the reach of the Chinese Government’s arm?
Should we not be showing that, while we will accord them courtesy, as we do with other national embassies, they are not entitled to a Chinese “Vatican City” in the midst of this great nation of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland?
I do recognise the concerns the hon.
Gentleman raises, but—forgive me, Madam Deputy Speaker—I have to repeat again that no decision has been made in this case.
No case is yet with the Department.
I have laid out in quite some detail the process that has been followed in how the application has been taken forward, and what needs to happen for Ministers to reach a decision at the appropriate point, when a case comes to the Department.