I recognise the problem that he alludes to.
We want to bring in as soon as possible measures to standardise service charges in particular and make them more transparent.
I wonder if he might write to me and the Under-Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Nottingham North and Kimberley (Alex Norris) , who is responsible for building safety, with details of that case so that we can look into it further.
Developers are now creating facility and management companies, with new homeowners and tenants finding themselves as shareholders without their consent.
Will the Minister look at that issue across the country to protect those homeowners?
If I have understood the hon.
Gentleman correctly, he pointed to how a variety of arrangements can be put in place under freehold estates; we need to capture that variety across the country.
That is one of the challenges in looking at what measures we might bring forward to reduce the prevalence of such arrangements, and we certainly intend to do that.
I call the shadow Minister.
The last Government passed the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Act, supported by the then Opposition.
Labour said in the King’s Speech that it would go further with reform and quickly.
Then, the Minister said that would take the whole of this Parliament.
Now, the secondary legislation needed, as well as the consultation pending, mean that leaseholders are unlikely to see any reform quickly.
Last week, the Government said that primary legislation may now be needed without implementing the law already passed.
Is that not just another example of the Government promising one thing but now flailing around, delaying and breaking key promises they made, while leaseholders across the country suffer?
I must say that the shadow Minister is developing a bit of a habit here; he seems to have conflated a number of separate issues.
The Government have a very clear commitment to ending the feudal leasehold system within this Parliament.
That requires a wider set of reforms than switching on the powers that are already on the statute book via the 2024 Act, though we are going to do that and are doing so at pace.
If he cared to look at the written ministerial statement where I set all this out in a lot of detail, he would see that we remain on track with implementing our reform agenda.
If she will make an assessment of the adequacy of the funding model for the repair of council housing stock.
The Government recognise the strain placed on housing revenue accounts as a result of changes in rent policy, inflationary pressures and increased costs associated with investing in existing stock.
The principle of self-financing remains the right one, but we are committed to working with councils to overcome the pressures on their HRAs so that they can invest in new and existing stock.
Will the Minister join me in praising Swindon borough council for its fantastic vision in investing in fixing our council stock—something the previous Conservative administration failed to do for 20 years?
I certainly will.
My hon.
Friend is a fantastic champion for council housing and highlights that Swindon borough council is putting significant investment into its housing stock over the next five years.
The Government recognise that councils, like other registered providers, need support to build their capacity.
That is why we consulted last year on a new five-year social housing rent settlement and have allowed councils to keep 100% of the receipts generated by right-to-buy sales.
We will set out details of further investment in the forthcoming spending review.
In Kendal on Friday afternoon, I came across a constituent in a Home Housing property who had been the victim of a house fire several months ago.
Although they were still living in the property, it had not been fully restored or fixed.