Basildon hospital is consistently running at 98% capacity, and a school I visited today, which I was very proud to see in such a good state, has roughly 1,100 pupil applications for 300 available spaces each year.
Along with housing, my constituents are deeply concerned about the level of infrastructure being developed and the state of the existing infrastructure.
What reassurances can Ministers give them about those concerns?
Coming back to the point that we do need housing, including social and council housing, we have been clear in the changes that we have been making, including in the Planning and Infrastructure Bill, to ensure that that infrastructure is there, because that is one of the barriers leading to people rejecting some proposals because the transport connectivity and the facilities are not available.
Therefore this Government are committed to ensuring we get the right type of development that supports local need and also, importantly, has the infrastructure alongside it.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Deputy Prime Minister has repeatedly stuck to her commitment that 1.5 million homes, including social homes, will be built over the lifetime of this Parliament despite everybody knowing that she will not achieve it.
And today, the latest people to say she will not are Savills, who have forecast that the true number she will build over this Parliament is just 840,000, and that means fewer social homes too.
Now that she has emerged from the dark rooms of the Treasury to capitulate to the Chancellor, will the Deputy Prime Minister confirm that more social homes and 1.5 million new homes will be built by the end of this Parliament: yes or no?
The Opposition cannot have it both ways: one way they are saying we are failing to build the homes; and the other way they are saying we are concreting over the green belt.
We said that planning reforms alone will not deliver our ambitions, which is why we have committed to delivering the biggest increase in social and affordable house building in a generation.
And I say to the hon.
Member, as I have said to many people in my life, underestimate me at your peril.
I call the Liberal Democrats spokesperson.
Jess in my constituency had all her possessions and bags put on the pavement outside the hotel and was locked out of her bedroom with her baby by hotel management—shocking behaviour on their part.
With £2 billion being spent by local authorities on temporary accommodation, would it not be better to have a national target for the number of social homes that are going to be built?
What steps will the Government be taking to set such a target?
I am disgusted to hear about what happened to that young person and her baby—that is absolutely terrible.
The number of people, particularly children, who are in temporary accommodation at the moment is shocking, which is why this Government are committed to the biggest wave of social and affordable housing in a generation.
We have not put a particular number on that, not least because we do not have the spending review results—they are coming later this week—but we are clear that we want that number to ramp up and we need that proportion to meet the target of 1.5 million new homes, so I ask the hon.
Member to wait just a little bit longer.
What progress her Department has made on providing adequate funding for local authorities as part of the fair funding review.
What steps her Department is taking to help ensure that councils are financially stable.
What steps her Department is taking to help ensure that councils are financially stable.
What steps her Department is taking to ensure that councils in areas with higher levels of deprivation receive adequate funding.
The Government have delivered a settlement that begins to fix the foundations and makes available over £69 billion in 2025-26.