Further to the question from  the hon.
Member for Rushcliffe (James Naish) , the Home Affairs Committee has written to the Metropolitan police asking for details of any concerns it may have about the policing of this site and any particular disorder that might occur around it.
I once again put it to the Minister that he must take account of these concerns.
There could be very serious and significant concerns for policing in the capital.
All material planning considerations that have been brought to the attention of the inspector will be taken into account as part of the decision when it is made in due course.
National security and security is a valid planning consideration, so does the Minister accept that, in the event that the Secretary of State allows this decision to go ahead,  regardless of the planning inspector’s recommendation, this Government will essentially be putting our relationship with China ahead of our security relationship with the United States?
That is pure speculation.
As I have said, it would not be appropriate for me to comment on any national security matters.
Does the Minister believe that China will always try to exploit and infiltrate data communication in this country?
Widespread cyber-activity or interference in our democracy will not be tolerated and will be met with a strong response.
Moving on from national security, according to the documentation—I have double-checked—community safety is a significant material planning consideration.
In such a multicultural area, what assessment of risk to community cohesion and the safety of local people is being made?
How does taking such decisions more centrally align with the Government’s much-publicised commitment to devolution?
I do not know whether hon.
Members can hear me.
I keep answering the questions as posed, and I have answered that question.
If the issue that the hon.
Lady raises is a material planning consideration, the inspector will take it into account in their recommendation to Ministers to make a decision, once the case comes to the Department.
China is already revelling in the Government’s spectacular own goal in handing over Chagos.
China looks as if it is about to benefit again.
Even if the Minister cannot say what amounts are involved, will he say what works would need to be done in advance of the embassy being set up at the Royal Mail site, and who would pay for that?
Would it be the Chinese, or would it be the UK Government, and which part?
As I said, a public inquiry was held between 11 and  28 February , and all the relevant documents submitted to that inquiry are available online.
I encourage the right hon.
Gentleman to go and look at them.
Again, he invites me to speculate on matters that are part of the application that the inspector will have considered in making his report and recommendation—when that arrives—to the Department.
I emphasise again that no case is yet with the Department.
If national security is a material consideration, will that be judged only by what is in the inspector’s report?
If so, how could that be adequate, since the UK’s China audit will not have been published before the inspector concludes his report?
At the point when the planning inspector’s report and recommendation is received, it will be determined by a planning Minister, who will come to a decision based on material planning considerations that have been analysed.
I understand that the Minister cannot comment on the specifics, but does he at least agree with the principle that if there is a risk that a nation state will act nefariously against the British state’s interests, the British Government should not reward that state?
As I have been at pains to make clear, the Government will always protect our national security and keep this country safe.
There is a distinct issue from the planning application and the questions about process that have been put to me.