We intend to consult in the very near future on the measures in the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Act 2024 designed to drive up the transparency of service charges to make them more easily challengeable if leaseholders consider them to be unreasonable.
I congratulate the Government on the bold action they are taking to end the feudal leasehold system for good, which will ensure that future flat owners will never again be treated as second-class homeowners.
But as the Minister is well aware, there are millions of existing leaseholders, including thousands in my constituency of Hendon.
Will he update the House on the work the Department is doing, building on the path forward outlined in the commonhold White Paper, to strengthen protections for existing leaseholders, including on the conversion of leaseholds, ground rents and right to manage?
The Government remain committed to providing existing leaseholders with greater rights, powers and protections over their homes.
We commenced the right-to-manage measures contained in the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Act 2024 on  3 March .
We remain firmly committed to tackling unregulated and unaffordable ground rents, and we will deliver that in legislation.
We will set out further detail on our proposed approach to enabling the conversion of existing leaseholds to commonhold in our draft leasehold and commonhold reform Bill later this year.
Inflation-busting estate management fees for little or no service plague residents across the country, including those of the Brackenleigh, Greymoor Meadows and Denton Mill estates in my Carlisle constituency.
What assurances can the Minister give my constituents and those of other hon.
Members that the Government’s actions will curb those atrocious practices by estate management companies?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that point; I recognise that many hon.
Members across the House are affected by this issue.
The Government remain committed to protecting residential freeholders on private and mixed tenure housing estates from unfair charges.
We will consult this year on implementing the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Act’s new consumer protection provisions for the millions of homes subject to the charges affecting my hon.
Friend’s constituents, and we will bring measures into force as quickly as possible thereafter.
I am glad to see the Government starting to tackle some of these issues.
Will the Minister assure me that people on freehold housing estates with covenant issues in places like Basildon and Billericay will also be included  in any legislation?
They often face service charge increases of tens of per cent every single year, and they need that same assurance being provided to leaseholders that the Government will think about that and take action.
I assure the right hon.
Gentleman that the Government are thinking about the plight of residential freeholders alongside leaseholders.
As I just said, we will consult this year on implementing the provisions in the 2024 Act, which provides those residential freeholders with new consumer protection provisions.
They will have that immediate safety to come in, as we look at how we reduce the prevalence of such arrangements in the longer term.
Leaseholders at South View on Upperton Road in Eastbourne face an extortionate bill of up to £40,000 each to repair unsafe balconies.
The communication from Morgans and Stredder Pearce, who are both responsible for fixing that, has been woeful, and delays are leading to costs spiralling further.
Will the Minister urge those organisations to improve the speed and responsiveness of their communications to protect South View’s leaseholders from further costs?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising that case.
I recognise the problem that he alludes to.
We want to bring in as soon as possible measures to standardise service charges in particular and make them more transparent.
I wonder if he might write to me and the Under-Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government, my hon.