That is despite Ministers regularly saying that the letter should “give those concerned comfort.”
Rerouting the cables would, we know, cost millions, if the Government are even thinking about that, so I ask the Minister: why did the Government strongly deny, rather than tell this House about, the presence of the cables until the White House actually confirmed it?
Chinese state media have reported that the UK has given assurances to the Chinese that the UK would allow the development, no matter what.
Indeed, The Guardian newspaper reported in 2023 that the Chinese would not apply again unless they were given governmental assurances.
Can the Minister confirm, or even deny, any of this?
Speaking as one of those in the Chamber who have been sanctioned by China, I see this as Project Kowtow.
There has been one denial after another, and one betrayal after another.
No wonder our allies believe that this Chinese mega-embassy is becoming a walk of shame for the Government.
I thank the right hon.
Member for those questions.
I hope he will appreciate, not least because of the quasi-judicial nature of the role of planning Ministers in the planning process, that I cannot comment on the details of the application.
As I have said, no decision on the case has been made, and the case is not yet before the Department.
The right hon.
Member mentioned cables, but it would not be appropriate to comment on any specific national security issue.
On whether the Chinese embassy issue was raised during UK-US trade talks, again it would not be appropriate to comment on the details of those talks.
Suffice it to say that we do not recognise the characterisation set out in The Sunday Times article, in which that was referenced.
It is important to emphasise that only material planning considerations can be taken into account in determining this case.
As I say, I cannot comment in any detail on such a case, and this case is not yet before the Department.
I understand that the Minister cannot comment on this case, or any individual case, but national security is of the utmost concern to everybody in this country and in this Chamber.
When an application comes before the Secretary of State, and in granting applications from foreign Governments, will national security be a material concern for the Government?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
As I made clear in responding to the initial question, the inspector’s report considers the application against published local, regional and national planning policy, which is likely to include consideration of a wide variety of material planning matters.
In this case, that is likely to include safety and national security.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I thank my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith)  for securing this very important urgent question.
Question after question, and letter after letter, the Government have consistently treated Parliament with complete disregard on this matter.
They have stonewalled legitimate inquiries about national security, ministerial discussions and warnings from security bodies.
I get that the Minister is compromised, in that he has a quasi-judicial responsibility here, but his colleagues in the Home Office and the Foreign Office do not, and they could answer these questions.
As the Government know, their own cyber-security experts, Innovate UK, have warned about the threat to the City of London from the embassy.
The Wapping telephone and internet exchange is surrounded on three sides by the new embassy, and there are fibre cables carrying highly sensitive information running beneath the site.
The Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology said yesterday that these matters could be dealt with in the planning process, but the inquiry has ended, so they cannot.
If the Government are considering moving the cables, how many millions of pounds of public money will that cost?