Friend.
The Government are committed to strengthening the system of developer contributions to ensure that new developments provide the necessary infrastructure that communities expect.
We will set out further details in due course.
Earlier I mentioned the changes to the national planning policy framework that were announced in December, and we will also support the increased provision and modernisation of various types of public infrastructure.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
As the Secretary of State has said, Saturday marks the eighth anniversary of the Grenfell tragedy.
As she knows, I can confirm to her that I will work constructively with her and her colleagues to deliver remediation, building safety and the best outcomes for local communities.
The previous Government committed over £5 billion for remediation; will the Secretary of State confirm that the spending review will continue to provide such financial support?
Will she also confirm that she will meet the previous Government’s pledge to co-fund with the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea the renovation of the Lancaster West estate, and that the £85 million from central Government needed and promised to finish the works will be provided?
I thank the shadow Secretary of State for the constructive way in which he has approached this issue.
We all remember what happened at Grenfell and the work that the previous Government did, and we are continuing that work, as outlined in phase 2 of the recommendations.
The buildings Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Nottingham North and Kimberley (Alex Norris)  has been meeting—as I have—members of the community, RBKC and others to make sure we continue on that journey.
I hesitate to say, though, that the previous Government made a lot of promises that are challenging.
We will always put safety first, and we are working to ensure that we deliver on that.
I know that the Secretary of State has had some difficult negotiations this weekend with her colleague the Chancellor.
The spending review is critical for the funding of the affordable homes budget.
In the past, the Secretary of State has praised the Chancellor’s generosity, as she puts it, not least for providing the extra £2 billion for the affordable homes budget, but will she admit today that that budget is decreasing from previous levels under our Government?
Will she say—even if it is after the spending review—exactly how many affordable and social homes she expects to deliver during this Parliament?
The shadow Secretary of State has been called a bit later than  the hon.
Member for Hamble Valley (Paul Holmes) , for whom I outlined the reasons we have not put an exact figure on that and confirmed that we will build the biggest increase in affordable and social housing in a generation.
I say gently to the shadow Secretary of State that we are delivering for working people by banning no-fault evictions and  introducing groundbreaking protections for renters, which the Conservatives promised but did not deliver.
We are introducing major planning reforms to build 1.5 million homes; they promised 1.6 million homes, but could not get anywhere.
We are also delivering the largest ever single package of devolution measures, pushing power out of Westminster.
We are delivering where the Conservatives failed.
We are very good at growing things in South Norfolk, including food, businesses and thriving communities.
However, if we want our young people to share in that success, we need to plant a new town in my constituency.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we will achieve that?
I do not blame my hon.
Friend for trying, but for good reason we established an independent expert advisory panel—the new towns taskforce—to make recommendations to Ministers on the location and delivery of new towns.
The taskforce will submit its final report to Ministers in the coming months.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.