Friend’s constituents that he is making good on that election commitment, because we have had this conversation on multiple occasions.
Like all future funding, the Government will set out their long-term vision for local growth at the multi-year spending review; but in this year, the recently communicated UK shared prosperity fund announcement included more than £47 million for Cornwall and the Isles of Scilly—a mixture of revenue and capital funding to ensure that places can get going and kick-start economic growth locally, bringing towns such as his into play.
In my Sherwood Forest constituency, high streets are the beating heart of towns such as Ollerton and Hucknall.
Ollerton is set to receive record funding from this Labour Government, and I thank the Minister for that.
However, Hucknall was badly let down by the previous Government, with false promises of funding that quite simply did not exist.
Will he meet me to discuss how this Labour Government can support the future of Hucknall, enabling it to be the glorious high street it once was?
I fully share my hon.
Friend’s anger about the unfunded commitments to Hucknall from the previous Government.
I know how disappointing that has been locally.
I am pleased we have been able to reprioritise some funding within extremely tight budgets to give the support that she talks about.
As she knows, I live only two tram stops from Hucknall, and of course I would be keen to pop on the tram and see her—and if we meet in the Plough, I would be doubly keen.
Either way, I will be making sure I get to see her.
In 2017, I met parents of children with severe disabilities in my constituency.
A lack of suitable toilets and changing facilities made it almost impossible for those families to enjoy a day out, and I have been inspired to campaign for more Changing Places toilets ever since.
I recently opened a Changing Places toilet just off Leyburn High Street, which will improve accessibility across Wensleydale.
Will the Minister join me in thanking everyone involved and commit to supporting more Changing Places toilets across the country, so that families can have both the opportunity and the dignity that they deserve?
I share the right hon.
Gentleman’s enthusiasm for Changing Places toilets, which have their roots in Nottingham.
Frankly, people will not be able to access the amenities on their high streets if they do not feel they can leave their home without those facilities.
I share his enthusiasm and commend him and his community.
He sells himself slightly short, however, because I recall that when he was a Minister in this Department, he changed the rules and building regulations to make it easier to develop such toilets, and as Chancellor he made funding available for more as well.
I would like to take this opportunity to recognise that and to praise him and the community of Wensleydale.
Houses in multiple occupation throughout Broxbourne—on our high streets in particular—are causing my constituents lots of issues.
What will the Minister do to review the powers that my local councils of East Herts and Broxbourne have to stop HMOs where we do not want them?
This is a really important question.
The future mix of our high streets will undoubtably include, yes, traditional retail but also leisure and accommodation.
That footfall can be a good thing, but if this is not well planned or well organised, and if communities are not brought along, it will not succeed.
I am conscious that we have the Planning and Infrastructure Bill proceedings ahead of us today, and I am sure the hon.
Gentleman will find an opportunity to make that case to the Minister for Housing and Planning.
In 2025-26, Surrey Heath businesses will contribute more than £30 million in business rates to Surrey borough council, but because of central Government tariffing, only 2.5% of those business rates will be retained locally.