If it is any help, the Government understand and accept that it is not right or acceptable for councils that have done everything that has been asked of them and provided good public services, particularly for young people, to find themselves at the financial cliff edge as a result.
We have an absolute commitment to work through those issues.
Pockets of deprivation in many rural communities, like my South West Norfolk constituency, are often masked by more affluent surroundings.
Will the Minister reassure me that financial support from the Government for local councils in rural areas reflects those concerns about isolated deprivation?
This month, we are consulting on an updated assessment of need that we will implement from 2026-27.
Importantly, that includes the indices of multiple deprivation, a designated national statistic, and it will drill down to deprivation levels of between 400 and 1,200 households in each of those units.
Our intention is to address the issues found in the pockets of deprivation in every community, including rural and coastal communities where they are sometimes drowned out because of the sea of affluence around them.
It is important that we get to deprivation wherever it exists.
As an outer London borough, Havering has been hugely disadvantaged by a funding formula based on outdated population figures.
We heard today that the Mayor of London himself is concerned that this Labour Government will level down London altogether.
Will the Minister confirm that the fair funding review will report by this summer—I have been told that previously by a Minister—and will specifically address the disparities between inner and outer London?
I can absolutely assure the hon.
Member that we are working through those issues, and we will consult the sector on them.
Given all the variations that we will take into account, I hope Members accept that we have listened.
We know that the funding formula is out of date and that for it to stand the test it must apply wherever Members represent, whether in coastal communities, rural communities, inner or outer London or anywhere else in between.
I assure the hon.
Member that we are getting on with that work.
Shropshire council’s finances have been left on the brink by 16 years of Conservative administration.
It is the largest landlocked county in England, and it is struggling with about 85% of its budget being spent on social care.
When the Minister does his fair funding review, will he look at the difficulty and costliness of delivering services over such a wide rural area and ensure that councils such as Shropshire, which has lost its rural services delivery grant, will be able to sustain themselves in the future?
We made available an additional £5 billion as part of the settlement, and £3.7 billion of that was for social care.
We understand the pressures and we are directing money to address them, but we know that this issue will take more than one year to fix.
We are on with the fair funding review—the third multi-year settlement in a decade—to begin to fix the foundations.
We have definitely heard calls from rural communities and councils to take into account the additional cost for rurality and remoteness, and I assure the hon.
Lady that those issues are being looked at.
One way of ensuring that new unitary authorities such as those for Leicestershire have adequate funding is to base that funding on robust business cases.
Given that the Department was five weeks late in providing feedback to the local authorities, will the Minister commit to extending the deadline to ensure that those local authorities have the time that they need to build up those plans?
In all areas, there is more than adequate time to prepare final proposals.
Councils in the devolution priority programme have until September, and all others—the majority—have until November.