I am conscious that we have the Planning and Infrastructure Bill proceedings ahead of us today, and I am sure the hon.
Gentleman will find an opportunity to make that case to the Minister for Housing and Planning.
In 2025-26, Surrey Heath businesses will contribute more than £30 million in business rates to Surrey borough council, but because of central Government tariffing, only 2.5% of those business rates will be retained locally.
There is a reasonable expectation that locally raised taxes should remain local, so with local government reorganisation on its way, could the Secretary of State and the Front Bench team reassure Surrey Heath businesses that they might have a chance of retaining more of those business rates that should be invested back into our high streets?
The hon.
Gentleman will be aware of the changes we have made to ensure that there are discounts on business rates for certain businesses this year, with further commitments to come at the Budget.
He makes the right point.
Of course I cannot announce that outside the Budget, but we will consider those points carefully.
I call the shadow Minister.
Our high streets and small businesses have been hammered by this Government, with big increases in the cost of business rates and national insurance contributions.
Can the Minister tell the House what measures he and the team have put forward to the Chancellor of the Exchequer to help our small businesses and high streets in the spending review?
The hon.
Gentleman offers me two opportunities there.
First, we talk about challenges on the high street, but I remind the House of the more than a decade of starved demand because the economic policies of the Conservatives and all the impacts that had, followed by—[Interruption.]
The stag do on the Opposition Front Bench are making their rattle as usual, but they were all present during that disastrous fiscal event that led to the increased costs that we are still coping with now.
The second temptation the hon.
Gentleman gives me is the opportunity to resign by leaking details of the spending review here first.
Sadly, I will give no succour there.
Every high street needs a Chorley market.
That is the answer.
What steps she is taking to ensure that new homes meet the minimum standard of EPC C rating.
The December 2021 uplift to energy-efficiency standards means that most new build homes already achieve EPC ratings of A or B. As recently announced, the Government intend to introduce future standards in the autumn that will set more ambitious energy-efficiency and carbon emissions requirements for new homes to ensure that they are net zero-ready.
As well as energy, water is an important utility.
In Ely and East Cambridgeshire, we suffer drought and floods.
What is the Minister doing to encourage new builds to have proper rainwater harvesting and dual piping, so that we can use rainwater to flush our toilets and for other non-drinking water uses?
We are looking at how we might make household water use more efficient, as well as a range of other interventions in my hon.
Friend’s part of the country to ensure that we make the best use of water and that the necessary infrastructure is put in place to accommodate housing growth.
In Hartlepool, 24,000 existing homes have an energy performance certificate rating of D or below.
That means too many homes are too cold and have bills that are too high.
What can the Minister do to accelerate the improvement of those homes to ensure warm homes for Hartlepool constituents?
My hon.
Friend tempts me into the responsibilities of another Department, but I will get the relevant Minister from the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero to write to him to set out what measures are being put in place as part of the warm homes plan.