The current piecemeal approach to offsetting environmental harm is not working.
The Government’s sensible approach maintains existing protections for nature, and adds to them with the ability to fund high-impact strategic nature recovery projects.
I am very lucky that  there are several significant nature recovery projects in my constituency, such as Sulham woods and meadows, which I had the pleasure of visiting last week.
This project is maximising biodiversity on 130 hectares of marginal arable land, and is planting 24,000 trees, 4 km of new hedgerow and a new walnut orchard.
We need more big projects like this.
I would like to highlight the opportunity the Bill presents for our country’s chalk streams.
I am proud to represent a constituency that boasts many wonderful waterways, including the entire length of the River Pang—a beautiful, winding chalk stream that is a point of local pride.
It is said to be the inspiration for the “Wind in the Willows”, and it is loved by families, dog walkers and anglers alike.
But the precious Pang is in crisis.
In just a few short years, the water quality has plummeted to poor.
Citizen scientists and anglers testing the river, such as Professor Mike Wilson and Pete Devery, consistently report samples with completely unacceptable levels of phosphate and E. coli.
The phosphate pollution from Thames Water sewage works is so bad that luminous green from the resultant algae can be seen in satellite images.
I thank all the campaigners, citizen scientists and volunteers with whom I have been working throughout my campaign to restore the Pang.
I also thank the ARC project, the Rivers Trust, the Angling Trust, Pang Valley Flood Forum and Berks, Bucks and Oxon Wildlife Trust, as well as all members of the Pang Flagship Chalk Stream Partnership, which supports a range of initiatives to restore the Pang.
They are all dedicated advocates whose restoration efforts are making a real difference.
Chalk streams are rare and valuable habitats.
Their mineral-rich, stable waters are home to a plethora of species.
I almost always agree with my hon.
Friend, so the answer is yes.
He also provides me with an opportunity to clarify a point that has not been covered in the last hour or so: the payment will continue not to be exportable for those not resident in the UK.
The Vice-Chamberlain of the Household reported to the House, That His Majesty, having been attended with its Address of 17th July, was pleased to receive the same very graciously and give the following Answers:
I have received with great satisfaction the dutiful and loyal expression of your thanks for the speech with which I opened the present Session of Parliament.
I have received your Humble Address praying that I should re-appoint John Pullinger CB as the Chair of the Electoral Commission with effect from  1 May 2025  for the period ending on  30 April 2029 .
I will comply with your request.
I have received your Humble Address praying that I should appoint Paula Sussex CBE to the offices of Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration and Health Service Commissioner for England.
I will comply with your request.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps her Department is taking to help prevent new unitary authorities from requiring exceptional financial support.
Local government reorganisation will lead to better outcomes for residents and save a significant amount of money that can be reinvested in public services and improve accountability.
It is for councils to develop robust, financially sustainable proposals that are in the best interests of their whole area.
The rushed local government reorganisation means that Waverley borough in my area will be forced to join other authorities that are debt-ridden, such as Woking.
What will the Secretary of State do to ensure that residents in my area do not pay a financial price for the woes of other authorities?