Some 29% of jobs in Eastbourne, the sunniest town in the UK, are connected to the hospitality sector, but many businesses in that sector have expressed concerns about yesterday’s Budget, which UK Hospitality has described as the “latest blow for hospitality”.
Will the Minister meet me and local hospitality businesses to discuss those concerns?
I declare an interest as the patron of the Eastbourne Hospitality Association.
I would be very happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman and the Eastbourne Hospitality Association to discuss the concerns that he has articulated.
I gently say to him, as other Ministers have pointed out, that we faced a tough economic inheritance, and had to make very difficult decisions in the Budget yesterday.
I want to see Slough High Street thrive, but doors are closing, businesses are struggling and antisocial behaviour has been on the rise, especially after over a decade of neglect and lack of support by Tory Governments.
What practical steps are the Government taking to ensure that high streets such as ours, in Slough, are revived?
When we were in opposition, we set out a five-point plan to help with the revival of high streets.
We are working to bring forward that plan.
My hon.
Friend will see more detail in the small business strategy Command Paper that we are committed to publishing next year.
We have an anomalous situation in Spelthorne whereby people can use an oyster card to pay for six different red buses, but not the train.
That is crippling small businesses and people going into London.
Will Ministers in the Department use their combined might to lobby on my behalf and get me a meeting with the Minister for Rail, so that we can get Spelthorne into the correct zone?
I admire the hon.
Gentleman’s ability to shoehorn in a question on a subject that is not in the Department for Business and Trade’s remit, but we are of course happy to help with his endeavours to talk to Ministers in the Department for Transport.
The all-party parliamentary group on eye health and visual impairment, which I chair, recently published its report, “Changing Attitudes, Changing Lives”, looking at employer attitudes towards blind and partially sighted people.
We found that nearly half of employers do not have accessible recruitment processes, which means that they miss out on a wealth of talent.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we can create a step change in employer attitudes towards blind and partially sighted people?
I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend.
Under the “Get Britain Working” plan, more disabled people and people with health conditions will be supported to enter and stay in work, and I am happy to discuss with her how we can achieve that aim.
The Government’s own impact assessment suggests that measures in the Employment Rights Bill could cost businesses up to £4.5 billion annually and increase the number of strikes by 54%.
Does the Minister expect that legislation to enhance or undermine investor confidence?
I gently point out to the hon.
Lady that that represents a 0.4% increase on businesses’ total costs—a small price to pay for what the impact assessment says
“will strengthen working conditions for the lowest-paid and most vulnerable in the labour market, increasing fairness and equality across Britain.
It will have significant positive impacts on workers  who are trapped in insecure work, face discrimination, or suffer from unscrupulous employer behaviour like ‘fire and refire’ practices”.
If the hon.
Lady does not support that, I am sure that she can talk to her constituents about why.
I call the Chair of the Business and Trade Committee.
On Tuesday, we will hear from Sir Alan Bates and other victims of the Horizon scandal, which continues to deepen.
In September, we learned that there will be 100 more convictions quashed than we originally thought, and yesterday the bill for redress went up by half a billion pounds.