This policy is simply vindictive and will do enormous damage.
Very quickly, I note that the Minister for Secondary Care,  the hon.
Member for Bristol South (Karin Smyth)  has come back into the Chamber, and she would be disappointed if I did not say that I welcome the hospital building programme in the Budget and the announcement of new money.
However, once again I reiterate that a hospital in my constituency is threatened with closure.
We have been promised a new one for 30 years or more, under both my Government and the Government before that.
She was good enough to see my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Witham (Priti Patel)  and me the other day, so that we could make the case.
If she does hold this money, I hope that she might be able to direct some of it to my constituency.
This Budget is one of the worst I have heard in all my time in this place.
It will do enormous damage.
I am grateful for this opportunity to put that on the record.
As a boy, I remember walking to the shops with my mum and passing our nearest pub.
Its name, the Lord Protector, confused me at the time, and I later learned that I share a home town with one Oliver Cromwell, so perhaps I should feel at home in this place.
Having said that, I confess that the nearest pub to my first family home was The Cavalier.
That is because I represent, and am proud to call my home, the faithful city of Worcester.
Famous among historians as the site of both the first and final armed conflicts of the English civil war, Worcester is seen by many as the birthplace of modern parliamentary democracy, and that is fitting for our city.
Nestled on the great River Severn and in the shelter of the ancient Malvern hills, Worcester is one of England’s best kept secrets.
Rooted in the beauty of nature, and richly decorated by a long and varied history, Worcester is a city deeply informed by the past, and with a record of deeply informing the future.
Throughout its history, it has continuously expressed creativity, enterprise and innovation, and through the stirring music of Elgar, the creation of the world’s first combined hydroelectric power station, and even the establishment of the British Medical Association, the people of Worcester have been shaping the future of the world for millennia.
We are home to Berrow’s Worcester Journal, the oldest newspaper still in print, and of course we manufacture Lea & Perrins’s famous Worcestershire sauce.
Having given a flavour of our city, I pay tribute to my immediate predecessor in this place, Robin Walker.
Wherever I go, be it in this place or in my constituency, people consistently speak well of Robin, who won the affection of many with whom he worked.
He worked with passion and dedication to improve education, and for that I offer my sincere thanks, and that of many others.
Worcester is home to many small and independent businesses that contribute hugely to our distinctive culture.
During the election, I visited Spin the Black Circle and Script Haven, to give just two examples, as well as larger companies that are also expressing our nation’s creativity and shaping its future.
I have been privileged to work with teams of talented people at Worcester Bosch, inventing the technologies of the future to grow and decarbonise our economy.
If any Member would appreciate an in-depth discussion on heat pumps or hydrogen, I am always happy to indulge, being an enthusiastic engineer by background.