The ongoing fires at the illegal landfill on Launders Lane in Rainham are not only a scandal but a public health risk, and I will be fighting tooth and nail to extinguish them once and for all.
The health of my constituents is paramount.
That is why I am in regular contact with the chief executive of the Barking, Havering and Redbridge university hospitals NHS trust, offering my support to get our local NHS back on its feet.
Our local NHS has ambitious plans to expand the emergency department at Queen’s hospital, and I will be doing everything in my power to make that a reality.
At the election, I promised that I would help local communities to shape the future of Dagenham and Rainham.
From the Daggers boxing club to local faith groups, businesses, working men’s clubs, and amazing local charities such as Dagenham United and the Ship in Rainham, everyone plays a part in building a future for Dagenham and Rainham.
That includes Barking and Dagenham and Havering councils, which is why I will be a constant voice asking for a revised funding formula for local authorities, so that they have the resources they need to transform lives.
I will finish as I started.
It is the honour of my life to stand here representing my community and to be given the opportunity to serve.
I am fiercely proud of Dagenham and Rainham and, building on the legacy of those who stood here before me, I will always be on hand to fight for the communities who call my constituency home.
Thank you.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for giving me the opportunity to speak in today’s debate.
First, I pay tribute to my hon.
Friends  the Members for Worcester (Tom Collins), and for Dagenham and Rainham (Margaret Mullane), who have proudly shown the best of their constituencies in their maiden speeches today.
I pay tribute to my predecessor, Hannah Bardell.
Hannah has diligently supported our constituents over the past nine years, whether by addressing the Broxburn floods, assisting homeowners affected by RAAC, advocating for those affected by the infected blood scandal, and championing LGBTQ+ rights.
On election night, she was incredibly gracious—a spirit that has continued, as Hannah and her team have gone above and beyond in passing on cases and helping my team to get settled.
She said to me on the night, “It’s all about the constituents,” and she has been true to her word.
Hannah said in her speech on polling night that she intends to be back in some form.
Of that I have no doubt.
I just hope it is not too soon.
My constituency is called Livingston, which is understandable, as that is the biggest town in the constituency and the county, but the constituency is so much more than that; it includes towns and villages such as Breich, Dechmont, Ecclesmachan, Uphall, Longridge, Broxburn, Bents, Stoneyburn, Addiewell, Kirknewton, Wilkieston, East Calder, Mid Calder, West Calder and Fauldhouse, each rich with history and a distinct community spirit.
The area’s economy and population was initially boosted by mining, of coal in the west, and oil shale in the east.
The landscape still bears witness to this history, with the bings that remain.
That is why it was important to me that the Chancellor announced in yesterday’s Budget that we are delivering on our manifesto commitment to return the investment reserve to miners.
We are handing back £1.2 billion to former miners and their families.
In fact, 144 former miners in the Livingston constituency will receive an average increase of £29 per week in their pension.
For those who would like a further insight into Scottish oil and the shale oil industry, there is the Almond Valley visitor centre, which brings to life the first truly commercial oil works in the world, and celebrates the West Lothian chemist James “Paraffin” Young’s work and discoveries.