This is part of who we are, and having Scotland as one of the four nations makes our country greater than the sum of its parts.
The theme of today’s debate is “fixing the foundations”, because over the last 14 years our country has not been on secure foundations.
The chaos of the last 14 years across the UK—and particularly the last 10 years in Scotland, where there has been a focus on the constitution, not the day job—has made our country feel less secure and life feel too precarious for far too many.
Families are one mistake, a piece of bad luck or a decision that is no fault of their own away from disaster.
That is no way to live.
That is why this Budget—which ensures a pay rise for over 200,000 of the lowest-paid Scots, letting more families keep more of their hard-earned cash—is important for families right across the Livingston constituency.
I wanted to come to this place to make sure that everyone, no matter their background, can thrive.
That is what drives me and my politics.
Having grown up in a working-class family in a working-class town in central Scotland in the ’80s and ’90s, I have seen what happens when people have opportunities and security, and what happens when they do not.
My father worked in a plastics plant in Grangemouth for over 35 years, providing our family with stability and dignity through unionised work.
Without it, I would not be here today.
There is hope for the future.
Yesterday’s Budget marks the end of the era of austerity, and raises much-needed cash for our public services.
This Labour Budget delivers the largest budget settlement for the Scottish Government in the history of devolution.
It means there is an additional £1.5 billion for the Scottish Government to spend in this financial year, and an additional £3.4 billion next year.
This is a significant increase in investment to ensure that we have the funding available for Scotland’s NHS, schools and public services.
It is now for the SNP, which has lost its way in recent years, to get a grip and spend the money wisely.
I recently visited the Larder, a social enterprise providing solutions to poverty through learning opportunities and access to high-quality, affordable food.
It supports  young people for whom traditional academic settings have often not worked, helping them to build skills and confidence.
The Larder has had huge success in turning lives around, so it can be done.
We have the people and drive to build stronger communities.
We have a Government who are on the side of working people, and we should not rest until everyone in this country has the opportunities that they need to build a more secure life for themselves and their families.
That is what I resolve to spend my time in this place doing, on behalf of people in the Livingston constituency.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
My journey here comes via almost 10 years in local government, as an officer working on economic development and regeneration.
I grew up among passionate socialists, but I also saw the investment that small businesses all around me put into their local areas, so I am delighted to be making my maiden speech, as the first Labour MP for Ribble Valley, in this debate on a Budget that truly harnesses the best of both social policy and great British enterprise.
We need both, and we need them to work together.
For a young woman, full of dreams and wanting to change the world, sometimes our day-to-day can feel a pretty restrictive place to be.
Anyone who has felt held back in their ambition will know that it can take just one or two people to believe in you, to make all the difference to whether you carry on or give up.