We will close the age banding on the living wage, which has always been unacceptable.
The Budget has protected working Scots and has laid the foundations for a new era of investment and growth in Scotland, raising money from those with the broadest shoulders.
With all that in mind, I find it rather embarrassing that SNP Members talk with a straight face about this being an austerity Budget.
It is almost as if they wrote their speech before they heard the Budget.
It is quite curious.
I can only guess—as others have commented, none of them are here today—that they are busy rewriting their lines and thinking about how they are going to respond.
But I think a lot of people in Scotland will find it unacceptable that no SNP Members are here today to engage in this debate.
Is it not time, when the UK Labour Government have given the Scottish Government their largest ever funding settlement, that the SNP begins to take responsibility for its own mismanagement of Scotland’s finances?
In government, the SNP has wasted millions on pet projects rather than the services on which so many Scots rely.
We have had ferries with painted  windows.
As I speak, a hospital in Edinburgh is being closed as an emergency action because of a lack of maintenance.
This is not a small hospital.
The Princess Alexandra Eye Pavilion caters for 1,400 out-patients per week and it has been closed almost overnight.
It is a planned process, but one that has been forced.
It is absolutely incredible and shameful.
In parallel with that, local authorities have been starved of cash and our towns and cities have found their public services decimated.
On Tuesday, I met third sector groups in my constituency who were preparing to make staff redundant due the pressures of SNP cuts to social care.
At 10 past 12 yesterday, just as the Chancellor was getting ready to speak, I received a WhatsApp message from a GP serving one of the most deprived parts of my constituency.
She described the cuts to social care services in Edinburgh as catastrophic and devastating.
At quarter past 11 last night, I received an email from a GP making exactly the same points.
The SNP will blame Westminster or howl austerity, but in reality that is mince—that is a Scottish phrase, Madam Deputy Speaker.
The Scottish Government’s own decisions are to blame for “much of the pressure” facing Scotland’s finances.
That is not just my view, but the considered view of the official economic forecaster in Scotland.
The Budget presents the Scottish Government with a choice.
They can use the record funding to own the problems that they created and get our public services back on track, including the social care services I talked about.
The only alternative to that is handing over power to Anas Sarwar in Scotland, because more guddle cannot be an option but I fear that that is what we are going to get.
If the SNP is not up for that challenge, Scottish Labour is ready to step in.
My constituents know more than most the impact of the SNP’s cuts and mismanagement, because Edinburgh—Scotland’s capital—has the worst-funded local authority in Scotland.
With this additional funding, it is high time that the Scottish Government do the right thing and stop starving our council of the resources it needs.
Councillor Cammy Day, Edinburgh’s council leader, made that demand yesterday.
Let us hope that the funding will be a lifeline to social care providers.
In 2026, Scottish voters will have the opportunity to elect a Scottish Labour Government that will work hand in hand with this UK Labour Government to continue to deliver for the people of Scotland.
However, until then, we Scottish Labour MPs, and our colleagues at Holyrood and in council chambers, will hold the Scottish Government to account for how they choose to spend the additional funding.