Economic growth happens when micro-sized businesses become small businesses.
We learned yesterday that micro-businesses that employ up to four full-time workers on the national living wage will be exempt from employers’ national insurance.
Yet small businesses that employ five workers or more will be subject to employers’ national insurance.
How will that measure help small businesses in the south-west to scale up and bring economic growth to the region?
I am glad that the hon.
Gentleman welcomes, I think, the measures we took in the Budget to raise employment allowance to help the very smallest firms.
The Federation of Small Businesses said yesterday that it will be a very big help for small firms.
On his wider point about the Budget, I gently say to him, as I am sure he knows only too well, that the economic inheritance the Government face has led to our having to make some very tough decisions.
If he does not support the measures we have set out in the Budget, he needs to say how he would finance the extra investment in the NHS and in industry that we have set out.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Wokingham has one of the highest rates of business survival when compared with the averages for the south-east and Berkshire, but yesterday’s announcement that the Government will raise employers’ national insurance throws that into doubt.
The hike is, plain and simple, a tax on jobs that will deal a hammer blow to our small businesses.
What will the Government do to mitigate the impact on small businesses in my constituency and across the country?
I say very gently to the hon.
Gentleman that if he and his party are determined to oppose the measures we took in the Budget, including on employers’ national insurance contributions, they need to set out how they would fund the extra investment in the NHS, the investment in the automotive and aerospace sectors, and the measures to protect and raise living standards.
What assessment he has made of the potential implications for his Department's policies of the outcomes of the international investment summit.
We held, as we have said, an international investment summit on  14 October , 100 days after we formed the new Government.
We secured £63 billion of investment, which is twice the level of the previous Government’s investment summit.
The investment will create high-quality, high-skilled, well-paid jobs across the country, and represents a huge vote of confidence in this new Government.
As my hon.
Friend quite rightly said, the Labour party is now the party of business without any question.
Does she agree that the measures committed to in yesterday’s Budget on clean energy, carbon capture and storage and hydrogen—which were backed up, by the way, with a commitment from a Canadian investor of another £1.8 billion in offshore wind—show how much this Government are in tune with the business community?
We are attracting investment and building on the investment summit, and we will deliver jobs for our constituents and our communities up and down the country.
I agree wholeheartedly with my hon.
Friend.
I also agree with the former Chancellor, Kwasi Kwarteng, in his article yesterday.
I quote:
“Conservatives, like myself, should be honest”
and
“Reeves is cleaning up our mess”.
What steps he is taking to support the night-time economy.
We recognise the important role that night-time economy businesses play in supporting local economies and communities.
Healthy night-time economy businesses not only support our creative industries, including musicians, DJs and performance artists, but bolster tourism and day-economy businesses.
We are focused on our five-point plan to breathe life back into Britain’s high streets.
That work will ensure that our high streets are great places for our businesses, supporting economic growth across the UK, including in the night-time economy.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
The hospitality industry is a crucial aspect of the night-time economy.