We are handing back £1.2 billion to former miners and their families.
In fact, 144 former miners in the Livingston constituency will receive an average increase of £29 per week in their pension.
For those who would like a further insight into Scottish oil and the shale oil industry, there is the Almond Valley visitor centre, which brings to life the first truly commercial oil works in the world, and celebrates the West Lothian chemist James “Paraffin” Young’s work and discoveries.
However, the biggest growth in the area was in the 1960s, with the creation of the new town of Livingston.
Many from Glasgow and the west of Scotland ventured east because of the promise of improved housing and job opportunities.
That entrepreneurial spirit is still alive in Livingston, which is the home of high-end manufacturers like Wyman-Gordon, biotech companies like Valneva, Glenmorangie’s bottling plant, Paterson’s shortbread factory, Mitsubishi Electric, a designer outlet village, Sky, and numerous small and medium-sized enterprises, which are the lifeblood of our local economy.
Now that I have highlighted Pateron’s shortbread and Glenmorangie, I am expecting a visit from my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Scotland—all in the name of promoting Brand Scotland, of course.
As I prepared to give this speech, I sought inspiration from the maiden speeches of two previous MPs for Livingston: Robin Cook and Tam Dalyell, who knew a thing or two about speaking in this place.
Even in their maiden speeches, they set themselves apart with their wit, intellect and fire for social justice.
Tam Dalyell used his experience as a school teacher to outline practical reforms that could be made to the education system, and Robin Cook, a former chair of housing on Edinburgh City council, made a plea for more and better housing.
I took from them that you should talk about what you  know, and if I can maintain that for my whole parliamentary career, I think I will be doing rather well.
Tam Dalyell and Robin Cook are two giants of Scottish Labour politics, who, in their different ways, made a mark in this place.
We new Scottish Labour MPs must now make ours.
There is a Scottish Labour thread of history in this place, from Hardie, Maxton, Lee and Dewar to Cook, Brown and Darling.
Living up to that is an impossible task, but try we must, because in that trying and effort is the opportunity to make a change.
The idea of being a Scottish MP in the Parliament of the United Kingdom is important to me.
I am Scottish, and I am British.
I do not see these identities as contradictory, but they are different.
Given that all four nations are part of the United Kingdom, and have been, in some cases, for hundreds of years, it would seem logical that the UK identity would subsume all, but that is not so.
The idea of Scotland is powerful.
It has stood the test of time, and it means different things to different people in the Borders, the highlands, the island communities, the east, the west, the central belt, urban areas and rural areas, but there is a common fabric of what it means to be Scottish, and it binds us together, whether we were born into being Scottish or chose to make our home in Scotland.
This is part of who we are, and having Scotland as one of the four nations makes our country greater than the sum of its parts.
The theme of today’s debate is “fixing the foundations”, because over the last 14 years our country has not been on secure foundations.
The chaos of the last 14 years across the UK—and particularly the last 10 years in Scotland, where there has been a focus on the constitution, not the day job—has made our country feel less secure and life feel too precarious for far too many.