It has been a real privilege to share the debate with so maiden speeches this afternoon—something I did not expect.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Ribble Valley (Maya Ellis)  is not in her place just now, but I am sure her father would have been proud of her, as will her husband.
I have a fantastic charity in my constituency called Dads Rock, which supports dads and gives them confidence.
It sounds like her husband is a dad who rocks.
It has been remarkable that Margaret Thatcher has been invoked quite a few times.
It is quite unusual for her name to be mentioned so many times in my presence.
I grew up in Fife during the 1980s, and I am sure my hon.
Friend  the Member for Glenrothes and Mid Fife (Richard Baker)  would agree that the impact that she had there is still felt today.
People still feel the impact of the rapid deindustrialisation of proud communities.
I am sure that my hon.
Friend has casework still about the impact of that.
It was emotional yesterday to hear the Chancellor deliver her fantastic speech.
I am still a little hoarse today from all the emotion.
This is the Budget our  country needs, and the IMF agrees, which is incredible.
It was great news for Labour MPs to wake up to this morning—I expect colleagues from other parties were less happy.
The chances of my being elected were always slim, but I promised those I met on the campaign trail that Labour would get our country back on track.
Yesterday’s Budget is proof that we are serious about that.
We have spent the weeks since the election clearing up the mess which was left by others, but the Budget sets down the foundation for what we want to do next.
It is transformative Budget.
I cannot believe we are achieving so much in our first Budget, but it is only the start of a real change for our country.
The Budget will work for both the working people who call Edinburgh South West home, but also the young and retired people who deserve well-funded public services.
The measures that we set out yesterday are a re-set, establishing the tone for the remainder of this Parliament and for the coming decade, not just five years.
Gone are the irresponsible commitments, without plans to follow through, that we have been dealing with since the election.
It feels like the grown-ups are now running the country.
We have a Budget that provides the stability to encourage growth and investment in our nation’s infrastructure and our public services.
After reading through the details of the Budget, it was clear that when my colleague Anas Sarwar said,
“Read my lips: no austerity under Labour”
he meant it.
The Chancellor has delivered.
The Budget will deliver for the people of Scotland, with a record-breaking £47.7 billion for the Scottish Government’s budget in 2025-26.
That has the potential to be entirely life changing not just for my constituents, but for people right across Scotland.
The Chancellor yesterday proved that when Labour wins, Scotland wins, with the measures announced resulting in more investment per head of population in Scotland than in the rest of the UK.
The Scotland Office is now equipped with a budget for trade missions around the world, selling brand Scotland and bringing in new investment and custom to countless Scottish businesses.
Some 200,000 of the lowest-paid Scots will also feel the benefit in their payslips.
We will close the age banding on the living wage, which has always been unacceptable.
The Budget has protected working Scots and has laid the foundations for a new era of investment and growth in Scotland, raising money from those with the broadest shoulders.
With all that in mind, I find it rather embarrassing that SNP Members talk with a straight face about this being an austerity Budget.