I see the breadth of my constituency as its depth.
We have wonderful places to live, though much could be done to keep them safer and kinder.
We have great transport links, with the M6 running through, and it is only two hours to London on the train from Preston.
We also have utterly stunning countryside, including a large part of the trough of Bowland, where the late Queen said that she would have loved to retire.
Strong communities are so important to me, and both the rural and urban areas of my constituency are made up of villages that come together to create celebrations such as the Lostock Hall carnival and the Broughton scarecrow festival just last week.
Right in the heart of my constituency is my home village of Ribchester, where my family have lived since 1961 and where I am now raising my family.
I must pay a quick tribute to the people of that village.
From the amateur dramatic society and the church to the Brownie unit and the parish council, the village showed me the best of what it means to be British.
I look forward to this Government easing the burden on families, so that they can spend more time contributing to the amazing communities that we all need to thrive.
The only person I know who loved Ribble Valley more than I do was my dad.
He travelled the world, living in big cities and in communes, dreaming of new ways to live our lives, but I recently found a letter that he wrote to himself at age 21, in which he spoke of the strange pull back to our beautiful little corner of the world, where he chose to raise his family and, without knowing it, raised the Labour MP he dreamed of it having.
It is my deepest sadness that my dad did not live to see me standing here, but I know that he relished every heated debate we had at the dinner table and, along with my mum—one of the most intelligent women I know—I think my dad had an eye to what he was preparing me for.
He was the biggest feminist I have ever known, and, in me, I think he raised the second biggest.
A lot of my career has involved working on innovation policy, which has collided over time with my passion for social justice.
I think we all need a vision to look towards, and I want us to be ambitious that our rapid advances in technology and automation should translate into greater rewards for workers.
I would like to think that it is not too utopian to hope that we will move to a standard four-day working week in my lifetime.
So much of what our society needs does not necessarily cost money, but it does cost time—time to give our children focused play; time to truly rest our bodies so that they do not crumble far too early; and time to live slowly and to grow our own food, to reduce the huge demands on this Earth.
Technology can give us time, if that is where we choose to channel the benefits.
Before I finish, I will touch on my utmost priority as a Member of Parliament: working families.
We need to make life much more tenable, more affordable and, dare I say, more joyful for parents, who want to contribute to our country while also raising good humans.
It is also critical to me that we make sure the children have the lives, support and love they deserve.
We have a vision for an innovative and high-growth economy, but we do not get innovation without diversity of thought.
This Parliament is the most diverse in history, and I, as one of those new diverse Members, am able to be here with my mental health just about intact only because my husband took three months of paternity leave with both our children.