I call the Chair of the Business and Trade Committee.
On Tuesday, we will hear from Sir Alan Bates and other victims of the Horizon scandal, which continues to deepen.
In September, we learned that there will be 100 more convictions quashed than we originally thought, and yesterday the bill for redress went up by half a billion pounds.
Have all the victims now come forward, and are there any gaps left in the schemes for redress?
I welcome the decision by my right hon.
Friend’s Select Committee to take a further look at the issue.
It is a priority for the Department to speed up the compensation process.
Victims are still coming forward, and we are actively looking at whether all those who come forward are covered by the compensation schemes.
We have asked the Post Office to write to all those sub-postmasters who have not yet come forward to see if they are eligible for compensation.
We should all welcome the work of both Governments that resulted in the announcement of £63 billion of inward investment into the UK.
However, since then, as a number of Members have pointed out, we have had significant new regulation in the labour market and massive new taxes on businesses.
If any of those investors now change their minds, will the Secretary of State come to the House and inform us, please?
We will of course keep the House updated on the results of the investment summit, but the £63 billion, as I said earlier, was a massive show of confidence in this new Government.
I am grateful to the Minister and the Secretary of State for the work that they have put in to secure a future for the Harland & Wolff yard at Arnish in my constituency, and indeed at Methil, Appledore and Belfast.
I understand that talks are commercially sensitive, but, as workers are anxious about their future, can the Minister update us on how the talks are going?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question and for the work that he is doing to represent his community.
We are working extensively with all parties to find an outcome for Harland & Wolff that delivers shipbuilding and manufacturing in Belfast, Scotland and Appledore in Devon.
I cannot comment further, as he says, due to commercial sensitivities, but we are working extensively with everyone to get the right deal.
The International Court of Justice judgment from  19 July  this year ruled that it is the duty of third-party states not to aid or assist Israel’s “unlawful occupation” of Palestinian territory.
In the light of this, will the Minister tell us whether the Department for Business and Trade has obtained legal   advice, or whether it is in the process of doing so, on the legality of the UK’s existing trade relations with Israel, and if it has, will he share it with the House, please?