It is also critical to me that we make sure the children have the lives, support and love they deserve.
We have a vision for an innovative and high-growth economy, but we do not get innovation without diversity of thought.
This Parliament is the most diverse in history, and I, as one of those new diverse Members, am able to be here with my mental health just about intact only because my husband took three months of paternity leave with both our children.
This meant that, when an election was called two days after I was selected as the Labour candidate, I did not have to spend a single second handing childcare over to him; he already knew  how to change a nappy, what to pack in a bag and the books my children want to read at bedtime.
I fully believe I would not be standing here now if he had not taken paternity leave.
That opportunity should not be rare.
Forgive me for speaking in a hetero-normative context, but that is my personal experience.
We know that few dads take up paternity or parental leave, which means that many women cannot dream of putting themselves forward for political office, as I did.
Knowing that my husband can confidently care for my children gives me time to think, to organise and to dream.
Too many women are still unable to do this because their mental load fills every bit of additional brain space they have.
We need the ideas and dreams of mothers and parents to propel our businesses, our public services and our society.
I was delighted to join the campaigning organisations Pregnant Then Screwed and The Dad Shift earlier this month to try to shift the dial on parenting equality.
I hope to see some truly ambitious step changes as our Government review paternity leave over this coming year, not only to create a new vision of fatherhood in this country, but to unlock the dreams and plans of mothers, which we have been so desperately lacking but which are so desperately important.
I send a huge thank you to my incredible husband for holding the fort at home, and for being the foundation of my standing here today.
Finally, I want to acknowledge that it takes a lot of bravery to be a girl or a young woman today; it always has.
It is relentless, scary and exhausting, especially for those with caring responsibilities or facing additional prejudices.
There are a million reasons to give up, and a million times I almost did, but please do not give up.
I can promise you this: brave girls grow up, and one day you might stand here and be the one in charge.
Given that almost 9,500 bank branches closed over the past 14 years, on the Conservative party’s watch, it has increasingly been left to the Post Office to provide vital banking services on the high street.
I am sure the banking industry recognises its responsibility to work with us to ensure that sub-postmasters, whose pay has not increased for a decade, and the Post Office have what they need to help meet the critical cash and banking needs of all our constituents.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on supporting high street businesses.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on supporting high street businesses.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on supporting high street businesses.
Revitalising our high streets is a priority for this Government, and I and the Secretary of State have spoken to colleagues across Whitehall to ensure that we are working together to create better conditions over the long term for high street businesses to thrive.