The Independent Office for Police Conduct found that mistakes were made during the investigation, and nearly a decade later I continue to work with the family of Jack Taylor, seeking the justice they deserve.
It is not only justice that working-class communities such as Dagenham and Rainham seek; they want more police on our streets to tackle the scourge of knife crime, particularly around transport hubs such as Dagenham Heathway, Elm Park and Rainham.
We want thriving town centres, an NHS fit for the future—one where you can get a GP appointment—jobs you can raise a family on, council housing, infrastructure, good public services we can all rely on and representatives who serve with integrity.
The devastating fire at the Spectrum building in my constituency in the early hours of  Monday 26 August  will not have escaped the attention of the House.
That has yet again brought to the fore the safety of residents in high-rise blocks across the country.
Thankfully, a combination of brave residents and the rapid response from the London Fire Brigade meant that there was no loss of life on this occasion.
I want to take a moment to thank our emergency services for their amazing work and our community in Dagenham for their overwhelming response to this tragedy.
Local businesses and residents rallied around to help families who had lost literally everything.
That is who we are in Dagenham and Rainham, and I could not be prouder as their representative in this House.
There is a long way to go before we have a level playing field, but in the meantime I will dedicate every moment I spend in this House to raising living standards and attracting opportunities for my constituents.
The work has already begun.
In a matter of months London’s biggest film studio will be complete, bringing skilled work in the creative industries to a new generation of young people, making hope possible.
That has only been made possible under the local stewardship of Labour, guided by Jon Cruddas, who brokered the agreement when Sanofi-Aventis vacated the site, and Barking and Dagenham council, which secured the deal with Hackman Capital Partners to develop it.
As with all things, there is good news and bad news, and there are still a lot of battles that need to be fought.
There is a patch of empty land at Marsh Way where c2c trains should be taking customers from their new neighbourhood on the Beam Park estate to Fenchurch Street in 20 minutes, as promised by developers.
I am determined to make sure that promise is made good.
Since discovering that this crucial infrastructure has been derailed, it is Labour representatives who have been fighting for a green light to get it delivered.
I have always been a champion of council housing at traditional social rents, and I will continue to do that in Parliament.
That is why I welcome the Government’s commitment to build a new generation of social and affordable homes.
I also welcome the commitment to put in the essential services that communities desperately need.
I will always beat the drum of infrastructure.
As we build—there is a lot of development planned for Dagenham and Rainham—we must ensure not only that the homes are affordable, but that there are schools, GPs and dentists, transport options, leisure facilities, green spaces and the amenities needed to thrive.
There are many new challenges in Dagenham and Rainham, but there are also historical challenges that need resolution.
The ongoing fires at the illegal landfill on Launders Lane in Rainham are not only a scandal but a public health risk, and I will be fighting tooth and nail to extinguish them once and for all.
The health of my constituents is paramount.
That is why I am in regular contact with the chief executive of the Barking, Havering and Redbridge university hospitals NHS trust, offering my support to get our local NHS back on its feet.