What steps is the Department taking to make sure small businesses can get the skilled staff they need not just to survive, but to thrive?
I welcome my hon.
Friend’s question, and I know the high streets in his constituency that he mentioned, as they are very close to Britain’s greatest constituency.
He will be aware that we have already taken steps to help businesses recruit more skilled staff.
It is one of the reasons why we have established Skills England.
We have also taken steps to reform the apprenticeship levy, and earlier this week the Prime Minister brought forward plans to help people get back to work.
The anti-growth coalition on Mid Sussex district council, led by the Lib Dems, Labour, independents and Greens, is bringing in Sunday, bank holiday and evening town centre parking charges on top of a 30% rise, and there is the sword of Damocles of possible village car parking charges.
Will the Minister reiterate to councils that are determined to derail his growth mission that such draconian  measures on our high streets will do exactly the opposite of what he and his Budget are apparently looking to achieve, and will he perhaps meet them?
I gently suggest to the hon.
Lady that those making up the anti-growth coalition are sat on her side of the House, and I gently point out to her that the highest number of businesses to go bust for 30 years was under the Conservative party last year.
I would also happily ask her to use her influence with the Conservative-led council in my constituency, which is bringing in parking charges that will certainly damage the night-time economy.
I welcome some things that the Minister has referred to regarding high street businesses, and I thank him for that, but there are many other matters.
For example, in Newtownards family businesses make up a great many of the attractive high street businesses, such as Wardens, Knotts Bakery and the family butcher, and they are important, as they are in Ballynahinch.
Has the Minister had the opportunity to talk to the chamber of trade in Newtownards, which is working well?
Other chambers of trade in my constituency can also contribute, so has there been an opportunity to speak to them to get their ideas about the way forward?
The hon.
Gentleman is an assiduous champion for his constituency in this House.
If he wants to bring his chamber of commerce to meet me to discuss issues in his constituency in more detail, I will happily make time to meet him and them.
We are 10 minutes gone and still on Question 1.
We need to speed up a little bit.
If the Minister could look at me, that would be helpful, so that we are going through the third person.
I know that Mr Shannon is popular, but even so, it should go through me.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
In my constituency, the number of people shopping on our high streets has not returned to pre-covid levels, and we have lost anchor stores such as Marks & Spencer, and several banks.
The Government urgently need to save our high streets, but the reduction in retail, hospitality and leisure business rates relief from 75% to 40% will come as bad news for thousands of businesses.
When will the Government deliver a fundamental reform of business rates to save our high streets and end the penalising of productive investment?
I am grateful for your guidance, Mr Speaker.
While  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon)  is popular, you are much more important.
I gently point out to  the hon.
Member for Wokingham (Clive Jones)  that we have started the process of reforming business rates.
We are introducing permanently lower rates for retail, hospitality and leisure from 2026-27.