We need both, and we need them to work together.
For a young woman, full of dreams and wanting to change the world, sometimes our day-to-day can feel a pretty restrictive place to be.
Anyone who has felt held back in their ambition will know that it can take just one or two people to believe in you, to make all the difference to whether you carry on or give up.
I cannot possibly name all the people who helped me get here,  but you know who you are, and it made all the difference that you never questioned for a second that I could do this.
It is so easy to quickly take for granted that we are speaking in a debate on a Budget presented by the first ever woman Chancellor of the Exchequer.
She will know as well as I do that as fairytale as our journeys may seem at their high points right now, the prejudices and obstacles that we faced, and that women face every day, are still far too high.
I have said it to many women, and I will say it to any listening now: you are as smart and as capable as you think you are; do not let anyone convince you otherwise.
We need your fire.
I have been in Westminster a few months now, and one thing I hear people say frequently about my predecessor, the right hon.
Nigel Evans, was how much he loves and cares for this place that we stand in today.
Mr Evans worked incredibly hard and diligently as Deputy Speaker and on the restoration and renewal programme board.
We are very lucky to have this well-managed centre of debate and challenge in the UK, and I am grateful to Mr Evans, and to all those who work here, for upholding our exceptional standards of democracy.
I promised Mr Evans on the night of the election that I would take care of the Ribble Valley constituency that I know we both love.
I can already safely say that I will likewise show this incredible institution of Westminster and our strong democracy the respect and protection that I know we both value so highly.
I am one of those exceptionally lucky MPs who have lived in their constituency most of our life.
It means that I know it like the back of my hand.
For better or worse, it also means that I encounter situations like I did the other day, when one of my old Brownie leaders called me over while doing the school run to raise an issue about local social housing—I am on it, Jan, I promise.
My constituency of Ribble Valley is a patchwork of our country’s history and its future.
We remember the battle of Bamber Bridge, when locals stood up against white GIs to welcome black US soldiers into their pubs—a brilliant example of the inclusion and multi- culturalism that makes this country great.
In Samlesbury, we have produced planes to protect the country since world war two, and I am delighted that progress on establishing the National Cyber Force in my constituency is well under way.
It will lead our country’s research, develop our future security and build our skills in cyber.
People are often surprised by the size of the Ribble Valley constituency.
Its boundaries have changed over the years, but it currently reaches from the Lancashire-Yorkshire border, with picture-perfect villages such as Tosside, Rimington, Waddington, West Bradford and Chipping, through to the lively suburbs of Preston, taking in Fulwood, Bamber Bridge and Walton-le- Dale, and almost reaching the Ribble estuary at the Irish sea.
I see the breadth of my constituency as its depth.
We have wonderful places to live, though much could be done to keep them safer and kinder.
We have great transport links, with the M6 running through, and it is only two hours to London on the train from Preston.