As so often on so many issues, the SNP talks and Labour delivers.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
In little more than 100 days in government, this Department and its Secretary of State, who is flying to Doha today, have set about delivering on the promises made in our manifesto.
We have turned up the dial on growth and published our Green Paper on the modern industrial strategy, which will channel support to key sectors, work across our nations and regions with the private sector, and deliver the conditions for investment and good jobs.
We have delivered a huge vote of confidence in the UK by securing £63 billion of investment at our international investment summit, boosted by investment ploughing into our aerospace, automotive and life sciences sectors, as announced in yesterday’s Budget.
We have also kept our promises by publishing the Employment Rights Bill, which represents the biggest upgrade in workers’ rights in a generation.
We are a pro-innovation, pro-worker and pro-wealth creation Government, and are investing all our time in growing the economy for the long term and turning round 14 years of failure.
A four-day week with no loss of pay has proven to have benefits for employers and employees alike, and a recent report by the Autonomy Institute and Alda suggests that it can have a hugely positive impact on the economy.
The report concludes that Iceland’s economy has outperformed most of Europe since adopting a shorter working week, and now has one of the lowest unemployment rates.
With even more UK businesses beginning a four-day week trial on Monday as part of the 4 Day Week Campaign’s autumn pilot, what assessment has the Department made of the Icelandic report and of the potential impact that a four-day week could have on UK businesses and our economy?
The Government have no plans to undertake any trials on a four-day week for five days of pay.
It is for employers and employees to reach agreements that fit their specific circumstances, but we want to get the balance right and make sure that we work with employers and employees.
That is why the Employment Rights Bill will support both parties to reach agreements, where they are feasible.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
If Labour Members going back to their seat this weekend were thinking of going to a local pub for a pint and a chat with local farmers, I would think again.
A publican with a mid-sized pub contacted me last night to say that because of yesterday’s changes, he would be £120,000 a year worse off, moving him from profit to loss.
Labour said that its plans were fully costed and fully funded.
Yesterday was a massive broken promise, was it not?
The hon.
Gentleman oversaw the worst Parliament for living standards in modern history.
We did not choose that inheritance, and we have made choices.
Would he rather we did not compensate for the infected blood scandal?
Would he rather we did not compensate the Horizon victims, for whom there was no money in the Budget, on his watch?
Would he rather we did not invest in the health service?
Would he rather we did not increase the minimum wage?
Would he rather we did not support carers?
Would he rather we made the choices that he made, such as cutting national insurance for workers when there was no budget for that?
This Government are fixing the foundations, so that we can have a bright future for all our country.
The Government’s choice was to hit businesses, and that is because there is not an ounce of business experience among them.
Labour’s death taxes will hit farms and businesses.
Families with a typical farm will have to find hundreds of thousands of pounds or see their farms broken up and sold.