The Government’s choice was to hit businesses, and that is because there is not an ounce of business experience among them.
Labour’s death taxes will hit farms and businesses.
Families with a typical farm will have to find hundreds of thousands of pounds or see their farms broken up and sold.
The Environment Secretary said 10 months ago that he had no intentions of putting death taxes on businesses.
That was a broken promise, was it not?
I will not take any lectures from the Opposition, who said “eff business”.
Conservative Members have some cheek to come at us when we are clearing up the £22 billion black hole that we inherited, and setting in train stability.
I spent quite a lot of yesterday, as the hon.
Gentleman would expect, talking to and having meetings with businesses about the Budget and its implications.
We talked about the potential for growth, long-term stability, and changes that this Labour Government are making.
A study published by the Disability Policy Centre this week suggests that improving support to get disabled people, those with long-term health conditions and unpaid carers into work, and keeping them in employment, could save the Treasury £38 billion.
Paying a higher rate of sick pay has been shown to increase employee retention and is key to reducing economic inactivity.
What assessment has the Minister made of the impact of the current rate of statutory sick pay on employee retention?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that we need to get more people back into work, and need to support them to return.
In the Employment Rights Bill, we are looking to increase the scope of sick pay to include people below the lower earnings limit, and to introduce payments from day one.
We have no plans to increase the rate of statutory sick pay, but when we get the reforms through, we will no doubt look at how we can reform it for the better.
My Department for Work and Pensions colleagues will consider that in due course.
After yesterday’s Budget, those running small and medium-sized businesses will see their national insurance rise and their wage bill increase.
Those in hospitality, running a pub or restaurant, for example, will have a 35% reduction in their business rate relief.
To top it off, the Employment Rights Bill will bring more red tape for businesses.
Those massive changes are happening very quickly.
Does the Minister agree with the Institute of Directors that it is a “perfect storm” of higher taxes, higher wages and more red tape?
No.
I gently point out to the hon.
Gentleman the difficult economic inheritance that his party left this Government to sort out.
We are determined to walk towards all the tough decisions his party refused to face up to in government.
If he is against the increase in employers’ national insurance contributions, he needs to say how he will fund the investment we announced yesterday in the aerospace and automotive sectors, and how he would fund the extra investment that we will make in the NHS and other public services.
We will take no lectures from the Conservative party about business.
Plenty of us have experience of business, and I am one of them.
Many high street businesses want to continue accepting cash.
Just as importantly, so do many of my residents, particularly the elderly, disabled and vulnerable.
I have spoken to the citizens advice bureau, which is hearing how concerned elderly residents are.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure that the Post Office can better offer banking services on the high street to cater for the spenders and recipients of cash?
Order.
These are topical questions, and they are meant to be short and punchy, not speeches.
I am sure we can find time for an Adjournment debate for the hon.
Gentleman.