These are topical questions, and they are meant to be short and punchy, not speeches.
I am sure we can find time for an Adjournment debate for the hon.
Gentleman.
Given that almost 9,500 bank branches closed over the past 14 years, on the Conservative party’s watch, it has increasingly been left to the Post Office to provide vital banking services on the high street.
I am sure the banking industry recognises its responsibility to work with us to ensure that sub-postmasters, whose pay has not increased for a decade, and the Post Office has what its needs to help meet the critical cash and banking needs of all our constituents.
Although yesterday’s announcements may dampen businesses’ expansion plans, many businesses in my constituency and elsewhere find it difficult to expand because of national grid connections.
What are Ministers doing to engage with the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero and National Grid to ensure that connections are available?
I am glad that the hon.
Gentleman asks what we are doing to engage with the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero, because I sit across that Department and the Department for Business and Trade.
The entire point of my role is to make sure that we join up the two Departments, so that we can crack some of these problems.
The grid is No.
1 on our list.
I warmly welcome the £10 billion investment in a data centre in Cambois in my constituency, but I share the concerns of many residents who believe that it is fast becoming a plug-in centre for huge infrastructure programmes.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that when we have huge infrastructure programmes in certain constituencies, residents should benefit from local jobs and community facilities?
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
It is essential that local communities see the benefits of landmark investments.
I am pleased that Blackstone is investing £110 million in a fund to support local skills training and transport infrastructure.
I am happy to have a conversation with my hon.
Friend about what more can be done.
Farming and agricultural businesses employ thousands of people in my constituency, and they make a huge contribution to the local economy.
Can the Minister set out exactly how yesterday’s Budget will help them to develop and grow?
Farmers, like any other business people, need the stability that will be delivered as a consequence of our fixing the foundations, as we set out yesterday.
I too represent a constituency with a number of farmers, and I am aware of the concerns that have been raised about inheritance tax, but, frankly, difficult choices had to be made yesterday because of choices that were not made by the Government in which the right hon.
Gentleman served.
Business owners in Clwyd East, in north Wales, want a Government who are serious about getting long-term, sustainable jobs into our economy—a process that we started yesterday.
Our unique geography sees us lead on wind power and carbon capture, and we have a proud manufacturing base, which is already benefiting from our two Governments working together, and from a long-term sustainable plan for the future.
Will the Minister work with me to ensure that businesses are well placed to invest in north Wales, both now and in the future?
Yes, I will work with my hon.
Friend.
We are delighted with the £1 billion investment secured to transform the Shotton mill site.
I think that a Labour Government in Westminster and a Labour Government in Wales can work together to deliver great things.
Some 29% of jobs in Eastbourne, the sunniest town in the UK, are connected to the hospitality sector, but many businesses in that sector have expressed concerns about yesterday’s Budget, which UK Hospitality has described as the “latest blow for hospitality”.
Will the Minister meet me and local hospitality businesses to discuss those concerns?
I declare an interest as the patron of the Eastbourne Hospitality Association.