What assessment has the Minister made of the crypto sector, and particularly of the steps required to protect consumers and investors while ensuring that we allow the industry to develop?
Stability and security remain key to ensuring the health and growth of the UK economy; protecting investors and consumers is central to that.
We are continually evolving our capabilities, including by working closely with industry partners to ensure that security is front and centre of the UK’s framework for the crypto sector.
Facebook Marketplace is responsible for three quarters of the fraud on social media, yet it seems uninterested in doing anything about that.
Will the Minister assure the House that he will take Facebook to task, in order to clamp down on that fraud and make sure that consumers are protected?
The Online Safety Act 2023 will require tech companies to take measures to prevent fraudulent content on their platforms or face significant fines.
Under the Act, the largest firms will be required to do all they can to prevent fraudulent advertising from appearing on their platforms.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle violence against women and girls.
We are already taking significant steps to make sure that violence against women and girls is treated as the national emergency that it is.
That includes launching our domestic abuse protection orders, and investing almost £20 million this year in specialist services for victims and in projects to help prevent VAWG and improve our response to it.
Later this year, we will publish our cross-Government VAWG strategy, which will set out our long-term plan to tackle the crisis.
For some families of victims, further review of release decisions can provide some solace, but it cannot do so for my constituent Doreen Soulsby.
Her daughter’s murderer was released before the Victims and Courts Bill passed through this place.
Will the Minister meet Doreen and me to discuss clause 61 of the Bill and the release of life prisoners?
Yes, of course.
As my hon.
Friend knows, I have had a strong bond with Doreen for many years.
Of course I would be delighted to meet him and her.
Research undertaken by Women for Refugee Women has found that banning work for women seeking asylum leads many women, sadly, to stay in unwanted and abusive relationships.
Will the Minister consider lifting the ban on asylum seekers working, and will she specifically include women seeking asylum in the Government’s upcoming strategy to tackle violence against women and girls?
It is well beyond my remit as safeguarding Minister to make asylum policy, but I can absolutely guarantee the hon.
Lady that migrant women and their experiences will be part of the violence against women and girls strategy; this issue has received some of the money from the recent uplift in victim services.
Working together with by-and-for services across the country, we will always take account of the experiences of all women and girls in our country.
I call shadow Minister Katie Lam.
On  28 April , the Minister was clear with this House that the framework for local grooming gang inquiries and Baroness Casey’s audit would both be published in May.
It is now June.
Presumably there is a new timeline for publishing them, so will the Minister share it with us, please?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question and I apologise for the month’s wait.
I waited 14 years for anyone to do anything.
Baroness Casey has requested a short extension to her work from the Home Secretary,  and the Home Secretary has informed the Home Affairs Committee of this.
We expect the report very shortly, and when we have it, the Government will respond to it, and will lay out their plans with all the evidence in hand.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle knife crime.
We have taken action to ban zombie knives, and the ban on ninja swords will come in this August.