Lady, and something that she raises often in this House.
I will ensure that she and the House are updated on the timings for the child poverty taskforce, and that Ministers come to this House regularly to update on its progress.
As we have this knockabout, what troubles me is that the House has a very important job to do.
We are talking about the expansion of nuclear weapons—we assume, because we have not actually read the review, even though journalists, and members of the public through the newspapers, have been given briefings on this—and we wanted to analyse the review so that we could ask sensible questions.
We will be in here for this urgent question, for the next urgent question and for the statement.
When does the right hon.
Lady expect the House to get a chance to digest this 130-page report before we ask questions following the statement?
Everybody else in the country seems to have been able to do so.
I was on the Opposition Benches for many years—many more years than the right hon.
Gentleman has been—and I recognise that it is a challenge to properly scrutinise big reviews that are laid before the House not long before a statement is made.
It is the same with Budgets.
I will ensure that today is not the only opportunity, but the first of many, to question the Government about their strategic defence review, which will last for many years to come.
I know the Secretary of State will also want to ensure that as further questions emerge today, next week and in months to come, Members of this House have ample opportunity to put those questions to him.
Integrated care boards had their budgets cut by 50% via a phone call from the interim head of NHS England to ICB leaders, and that announcement was only made formal in response to a written question that I put to the  Secretary of State.
Half of NHS targets were cut without a statement in the Chamber, and although there was a statement in the Chamber on the abolition of NHS England, it has been carrying on at pace without so much as a White Paper, a Bill or any opportunity for effective parliamentary scrutiny.
Will the Leader of the House give us an opportunity to look at and scrutinise this fundamental reorganisation of the NHS, which is so far going under the radar?
Issues relating to decisions about ICBs and NHS reorganisation are regularly raised with me at business questions.
The hon.
Lady is right to say that there was a statement in the House on NHS England, and I can reveal to her—this will probably not be a surprise—that getting rid of NHS England will require primary legislation.
There will be ample time to consider those issues through the passage of that legislation, but I hear what she says.
It is not just by giving statements to the media that this Government disrespect the House.
Just before we went into recess, we had a farcical situation where the shadow Secretary of State for Education had to bring forward an urgent question asking for a written statement to be made earlier in the day.
The Government very clearly decided to make a written statement later in the day, and sent a Minister to come here, not answer hon.
Members for the whole urgent question and refuse to say what the content of the written statement was—a statement that the Government had already written and intended to publish later that day.
That was done simply to avoid scrutiny.
What representation did the Leader of the House make on that day to ensure that information was given to the House in a timely fashion so that it could be scrutinised, rather than the Government hiding away?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising that issue; I think she is talking about the pay review recommendations and the Government’s response.