Last month, I had the honour of visiting RBSL—Rheinmetall BAE Systems Land—in my constituency.
Along with many defence companies and organisations, it is so proud of its effort to help Britain to defend itself here and around the world.
The SDR provides certainty to industry, but we need to go further to ensure that every Government agency, body and Department—from skills and infrastructure to planning and the availability of land—gets behind its ethos.
Does the Secretary of State agree that creating growth cluster zones will provide certainty to local communities and assist in that mission?
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
We have followed—[Interruption.]
You want an answer from me, Mr Speaker, and I will certainly give you this: we have followed the procedure from the last defence review, when the shadow Defence Secretary,  the hon.
Member for South Suffolk (James Cartlidge) , was a Defence Minister.
I was the shadow Defence Secretary at that time.
We had no advance copy of the defence review.
We were not offered a briefing, which I have offered him and the other Front Benchers.
I am really concerned to ensure that the House has proper access to the report, but we have been following convention.
You are quite right, Mr Speaker, that copies of the defence review are in the Vote Office, as is established procedure.
They would normally be made available when I sat down after my statement.
In these circumstances, following your encouragement, I suggest that Members of this House be given access to them in advance of my statement.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What recent assessment she has made of the adequacy of UK Visas and Immigration processing times.
UK Visas and Immigration processes millions of visa applications each year.
Most of them are processed to the published customer service standards, which is a huge tribute to our hard-working staff, and indeed most straightforward applications are decided within three weeks.
In the year ending March 2025, more than 2.1 million visit visas, more than 190,000 work visas and more than 22,000 health and social care visas were issued.
On occasion, as the hon.
Member may be aware, there are some technical or processing errors, which are resolved as quickly as possible when they come to light.
This is not about call centre answering and application processing times; it is about the backlog in digital status becoming fully operational.
A North East Fife constituent has settled status and has done all the steps in setting up her UKVI account, yet on both her recent trips abroad she was told that her passport was not linked to her e-visa.
Is this a one-off, in which case can the Minister review what has gone wrong?
Or is it a system failure, in which case what is the Minister doing to address it?
I thank the hon.
Member for her question.
I would be happy to look at that case.
The personal details on the document associated with that person’s e-visa may well have not been updated.
Updating the details may be the first step necessary, after which the issue may go away.
The problem with the immigration system we inherited is that it had very high levels of low-skilled immigration, but what the economy actually needs is low levels of high-skilled immigration.
We need to attract worldwide top talent for some key sectors, many of which are based in Edinburgh East and Musselburgh, so that we remain globally competitive, but businesses tell me that long visa processing times work against that.
Now that we are seeing lower levels of immigration, will the Government be reprioritising resources so we see faster processing of skilled worker visas?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
He will be aware that visa processing times can vary based on the type of visa and where people are applying from.