Does the Leader of the House think that the Secretary of State is living up to his commitment to be more transparent, after what has happened today?
My understanding is that we offered to brief the Chair of the Defence Committee, but I will stand corrected if that is not the case.
I hear what the hon.
Member says, and I think that across Government, Ministers, civil servants and everybody else must take their responsibilities to Select Committees incredibly seriously.
Select Committees are a very important part of accountability to this House.
I know that the Secretary of State for Defence—someone I speak to regularly—takes his responsibilities to the House incredibly seriously, and I am sure he will look forward to coming before the Committee to be questioned and scrutinised at length about the SDR and many other matters.
May I say to the right hon.
Lady, whom I have known for a little while, that normally when a Speaker upbraids the Leader of the House, the first response of the Leader of the House is to grovel and apologise?
That is standard, because she has to take it for the party that she represents in government.
I simply suggest that I am a little surprised that she did not make peace in that way with Mr Speaker.
Notwithstanding that, I say gently to the Leader of the House that it is not just a case of not having brought the review to the House.
We know now that journalists were given scrutiny of it.
When I was leader of the Conservative party, I remember that Tony Blair, as Prime Minister, offered me advance sight of documents that were a bit delicate or needed security clearance.
The Leader of the Opposition was given the opportunity to look at such documents so that they were fully informed of developments.
Was such an opportunity offered to the Leader of the Opposition or the leader of the Liberal party?
I do apologise to Mr Speaker regularly, I have to say—usually in private, but I am happy to extend that apology to him today if he has not heard me apologise.
I have the utmost respect for Mr Speaker, who I work very closely with, and I totally respect his job in upholding Back Benchers’ rights to question and scrutinise Ministers and Government policy.
That is what he is there to do, and he does it brilliantly.
I do not know what Privy Council briefings were offered to whom, but I can inquire for  the right hon.
Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith) , and I will make sure that he gets a reply.
On  30 January , the Leader of the House said,
“we will publish the child poverty strategy in the spring.
”—[Official Report,  30 January 2025 ; Vol.
761, c. 442.]
The Guardian broke the story on  23 May  that the child poverty strategy will not be published in the spring.
I cannot find a written statement or any indication of an oral statement regarding the delay.
Can the Leader of the House let us know whether the announcement will be made and whether the child poverty strategy will be published in the spring—it is now June, so probably not—or whether it is likely to be published in the autumn, just so the House knows?
I know this is a matter of great concern to the hon.
Lady, and something that she raises often in this House.
I will ensure that she and the House are updated on the timings for the child poverty taskforce, and that Ministers come to this House regularly to update on its progress.
As we have this knockabout, what troubles me is that the House has a very important job to do.