Under the retail crime action plan, the police made operational commitments to prioritising attendance where violence had been used.
Some progress has been made, but much more needs to be done.
I will ensure that every police force understands how seriously the Government take this offence.
The additional 35 police officers and 21 police community support officers who will be in place as a result of our neighbourhood policing guarantee might go some way to helping with that.
I recently visited the Huntingdon branch of Barclays bank in my rural constituency, where staff highlighted to me that although the Crime and Policing Bill will make assaulting a shop worker an offence, branch staff in banks and building societies are not included in that classification, despite the fact that they work on the high street and are subject to the same threats and intimidation as shop workers.
There were over 10,000 instances of abuse in branches last year.
What rationale can the Minister provide for excluding branch staff in banks and building societies from the protections given to retail staff, who work next to them?
A case has been made over several years for why retail workers should be covered by this specific offence.
Work was done with the Co-op, the Union of Shop, Distributive and Allied Workers and many others to get the evidence together.
If there is evidence from the financial sector and from banks, I want to see it, so I ask the hon.
Gentleman to talk to the people with whom he was having conversations about this.
I am very open to looking at this, but at the moment, we have drawn up the offence on the basis of the evidence available to us.
What assessment she has made of the potential merits of creating a visa scheme for people in Gaza related to UK nationals.
I know that we are all desperately concerned about the intolerable humanitarian situation in Gaza.
The UK, along with France, Germany and many others, continues to call for an immediate ceasefire, the release of hostages and more aid into Gaza.
There are a range of routes available for those wishing to join family members in the UK, and we are working with the Israeli, Palestinian and other authorities in the region to help British nationals and other eligible people to leave Gaza via safe routes.
The situation in Gaza is beyond devastating.
More than 54,000 lives have been lost.
Hospitals are being bombed, people are being tortured and starvation is being used as a weapon of war.
Palestinians in the UK are rightly scared that they may not see their mother, father, brother or sister survive these atrocities.
The Government rightly responded to the war in Ukraine by offering a family visa scheme, so that Ukrainians could travel here to join their family.
Is it not time for a similar scheme—a Gaza family scheme that offers the same solidarity and respect for life?
The statement that we recently issued with France and Germany, calling for Israel to immediately restart a rapid and unimpeded flow of humanitarian aid to Gaza, was vital.
We still need to see so much more action being taken.
Any decision to implement a bespoke visa scheme would need to consider a range of factors, including the unique crisis situation and the relevant impacts on security, compliance and returns.
As I have said, immediate family members are able to join those in the UK using one of the existing family routes.
My constituents in Taunton have a proud record of supporting refugees; they would support refugees from Gaza, as they do those from other countries.
But charities that support refugees come to me with concerns about the asylum accommodation being allocated to the town.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the concerns about the latest allocations, on which I was not consulted, and about which I received no notification?