We had a statement on the US economic deal on the day that it was signed, and the Prime Minister updated the House after the EU trade deal.
As I have said, the SDR has now been given to the Opposition and is being laid before the House.
There will be time for colleagues to scrutinise it and to question the Defence Secretary on it this afternoon.
The Government responses to the sentencing review and to the Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman’s report on the women’s state pension age, as well as many other major announcements, such as the upgrade in defence spending, were all made to the House first.
I am curious to know whether the shadow Leader of the House raised these important issues with the previous Government when he was a Minister or a Back Bencher, because I remember many, many occasions when they disrespected this House, and I do not remember hearing his voice at the time.
I remember when the Procedure Committee, I and many others wanted the then Foreign Secretary, Lord Cameron, to be accountable to the House of Commons.
The previous Government did nothing about it, and I do not remember the right hon.
Gentleman saying anything about that.
I recall the then Culture Secretary announcing the end of the BBC licence fee and, separately, the privatisation of Channel 4 on Twitter, with no intention of coming to the House to explain those major policy changes.
The previous Prime Minister, on the first day of a very long recess, announced that he was scrapping the Government’s net zero targets—he did not come to the House to explain that.
He also announced the scrapping of High Speed 2 during a conference recess and never came to the House to account for it.
During covid, one of the Conservatives’ many Prime Ministers announced major changes to our way of life to the media and not to Parliament, such as the 2020 winter lockdown—he did not come here to talk about that—and the covid vaccine roll-out.
When he closed the borders and then reopened them, he announced it to the media and not to Parliament.
Let us not forget that the Supreme Court found that Parliament was illegally prorogued by the previous Government.
Do you remember when the former Prime Minister was found to have misled Parliament?
There is no greater disrespect to Parliament.
Rather than upholding the ministerial code, the previous Government ignored breaches of it time and again, with reports sitting on the Prime Minister’s desk and nothing being done about them.
We, by contrast, have strengthened the ministerial code. [
Interruption.]
The right hon.
Member for Rayleigh and Wickford (Mr Francois)  laughs from a sedentary position, but we have given the independent adviser on the ministerial code the power to instigate his own investigations.
Therefore, we have strengthened it.
Not only did the previous Government disrespect Parliament; they did not have enough for Parliament to do.
They had a threadbare King’s Speech, with banning pedicabs the pinnacle of their ambition in their last year in government.
Now that they are in opposition, they seem to be carrying on the same and hardly turn up for work.
They could have used any one of their Opposition days to raise these issues, but they did not.
They have many other parliamentary devices at their disposal, and they do not use them.
They were a zombie Government, and now they are a zombie Opposition.
The next time they bring forward an urgent question, they might want to check their own record before giving us lectures.
Order.
May I thank the Leader of the House for reminding me of the mistakes of the previous Government in not coming to the Floor of the House?
I would have hoped that this Government had learned from the mistakes that have just been highlighted.
To try to defend what you criticise is not a way forward.