We were always going to have a major statement today on the SDR and that is indeed what we have done.
Even though there is other important business today, MPs from across the House will have ample opportunity—I am sure they will take that opportunity—to scrutinise the Defence Secretary not only today but on future occasions via Select Committees and elsewhere.
I declare an interest, as a member of the Modernisation Committee.
I thank you, Mr Speaker, for standing up for us Back Benchers and for granting so many urgent questions—I say that as someone who speaks in most of them on behalf of the people of Harlow.
Does the Leader of the House agree that part of the Government’s remit is to modernise and to bring back trust in politics?
Will she outline what she has been doing to that end and the work that the Committee has been doing to make this place more accessible?
I thank my hon.
Friend for all the work he does on the Modernisation Committee.
He will know that one of the remits we have set out for the Committee is to ensure more time for Back Benchers to scrutinise Government business.
That is a key part of modernising Parliament, and it will ensure that this Chamber is, and will be in the future, the real crucible of national debate that we want it to be.
I am sure we will see that today and on other days.
Knowing the Leader of the House to be a decent person, I suspect that behind the scenes, when events of this sort happen, she probably argues quite strongly that announcements should be made to this House first and to the press afterwards.
Does she think the reason that is not happening is that the Government genuinely think they will get less publicity to hold a press conference after there has been scrutiny in the House, or is it that they just have no confidence that they can stop their people leaking things in advance?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his kind words at the beginning of his question.
He is absolutely right that part of my job, which I take incredibly seriously, is to uphold this House in Government, and to ensure that the rest of the Government respect this House, come to this House to be scrutinised, and are open, transparent and available to this House.
It is a message that I relay very regularly and I am sure I will relay it again later today.
I say gently to him that Government announcements do happen outside of Parliament sitting, and that has long been the case.
Managing announcements over the course of a few days can often be a challenge, but I reassure him that on the strategic defence review, we were always going to make the statement to the House today, with the publishing and the laying of the 150-page document to the House first.
I reiterate that there is a balance to be struck.
People want time to read and digest before they can question the Defence Secretary.
That is always a balance, too.
It is not just the House as a whole; the Defence Committee also was not given advance sight of the report.
Committee members were left texting journalists over the weekend to find out what was going on.
At the beginning of this Parliament, the Defence Secretary committed to the Defence Committee that he would be more open and more transparent, and reset the relationship with the Committee.
Does the Leader of the House think that the Secretary of State is living up to his commitment to be more transparent, after what has happened today?
My understanding is that we offered to brief the Chair of the Defence Committee, but I will stand corrected if that is not the case.
I hear what the hon.