All I would say is that it is the Government’s ministerial code.
They should be ashamed of not enforcing it.
We now come to the urgent question.
I call the shadow Leader of the House.
(Urgent question): To ask the Leader of the House if she will make a statement on Government announcements outside the House of Commons.
I hear your statement, Mr Speaker.
I responded to an urgent question on a similar matter on  14 May .
I reiterate the commitments I gave then.
The “Ministerial Code” is clear:
“When Parliament is in session, the most important announcements of government policy should be made in the first instance in Parliament.”
That is an important principle that the Government stand by and uphold.
Since that last urgent question on  14 May , the Government have made a number of important oral statements to the House, on the infected blood inquiry, on the cross-Government review of sanctions implementation and enforcement, on the charging of individuals under the National Security Act 2023, and on the legal aid cyber-security incident.
The Prime Minister has updated the House on the three trade deals that we have struck in the national interest, the Foreign Secretary has updated it on Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories, the Justice Secretary has responded to the sentencing review, and the Defence Secretary has made a statement on the future of the Diego Garcia military base.
This afternoon, the full conclusions of the important strategic defence review will be published and laid before this House first, with a significant statement from the Defence Secretary to follow.
I am satisfied that this Government are coming to the House regularly to keep Parliament informed. [
Interruption.]
Order.
I am not satisfied, and I think that is the key.
Back Benchers on both sides should rightly hear it first.
I do not care how many announcements have been made in the House; it is those that have not been made here that we should be talking about.
As I have said, the Defence Secretary will make a statement this afternoon, and I am satisfied.
I recognise that there are times when we make a judgment on when an oral statement is needed, balancing that with the rest of the day’s business and other factors, but in nearly all instances a written statement is also made, and that is an appropriate mechanism for updating the House.
As well as making 153 oral statements during the current Session, we have made 673 written statements.
As I said before the recess, the ministerial code makes it clear that when Parliament is in session, announcements should be made to the House.
Let me gently point out that we have only just returned from the recess—as of an hour ago—and before the recess we were at pains to ensure that the House was updated on the subject of the Diego Garcia military base before it adjourned.
The Government and I take our obligations to Parliament very seriously, Mr Speaker, and I will continue to work with you and colleagues throughout the Government to make certain that important announcements are made to the House, and that Members from across the House have ample time to consider issues and ensure that the Government are scrutinised effectively.
I call the shadow Leader of the House.
Is that really the best that the Leader of the House can do—an “I speak your weight” autocue recitation of points that she has made in her three previous attempts to deal with occasions when the House has been embarrassed and disregarded over the last three weeks alone?
It was a hopeless miscue of a response that bordered on a contempt of Parliament itself—yet another attempt to change the subject, blame others and distract attention from the latest fiasco.
Evidently the defence of the realm is not important enough to merit making its way up the list of priorities in the Government’s media handouts.